--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus 
November 14, 2024 
This document constitutes two base prospectuses for the purposes of Art. 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"): (i) the base prospectus of BASF 
SE in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of Art. 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation, ("Non-Equity Securities") 
and (ii) the base prospectus of BASF Finance Europe N.V. in respect of Non-Equity Securities (together, the "Debt Issuance 
Program Prospectus" or the "Prospectus"). 
 
BASF SE 
(Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer and, in respect of Notes issued by 
BASF Finance Europe N.V., as Guarantor 
BASF Finance Europe N.V. 
(Arnhem, The Netherlands) 
as Issuer 
EUR 20,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Program 
(the "Program") 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of Notes issued by BASF Finance Europe N.V. will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by BASF SE. 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "Commission") 
as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Commission only approves this Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of each issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Program on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
trade Notes on the regulated market or on the professional segment of the regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg". The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Directive on markets in financial 
instruments 2014/65/EU, as amended, (the "Regulated Market"). Notes issued under the Program may also not be listed at all. 
Each Issuer has requested the Commission in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated July 16, 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour 
valeurs mobilières et portant mise en œuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129 - the "Luxembourg Law") to provide the competent 
authorities in the Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany"), the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Ireland and the Netherlands 
with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation 
("Notification"). Each Issuer may request the Commission to provide competent authorities in additional Member States within 
the European Economic Area with a Notification. By approving a prospectus, the Commission shall give no undertaking as to 
the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency of each issuer pursuant to Article 6(4) of the 
Luxembourg Law. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
BBVA 
Bank of China 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
ICBC 
ING 
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo 
J.P. Morgan 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Morgan Stanley 
NatWest Markets 
RBC Capital Markets 
Santander Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
SMBC 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
UBS Investment Bank 
UniCredit 
This Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and 
on the "investors" tab on the website of BASF Group (www.basf.com). This Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months after 
its approval. The validity ends upon expiration of November 14, 2025. There is no obligation to supplement the 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when the Prospectus is 
no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
BASF SE ("BASF" or the "Guarantor", together with its consolidated group companies, the "BASF Group") 
with its registered office in Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany, and BASF Finance Europe N.V. ("BASF 
Finance") with its registered office in Arnhem, the Netherlands, (herein each also called an "Issuer" and 
together the "Issuers") accept responsibility for the information given in this Prospectus and for the 
information which will be contained in the Final Terms (as defined herein). 
Each Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this Prospectus 
for which it is responsible is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and that this 
Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated herein by reference. Full information on the Issuers and any tranche of Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (as defined 
herein). 
Each Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers (as defined herein) that this Prospectus contains all information 
which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuers and the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons 
for the issuance and its impact on the Issuers and all information which is material in the context of the 
Program and the issue and offering of the Notes thereunder; that the information contained herein with 
respect to the Issuers and the Notes is accurate and complete in all material respects and is not misleading; 
that any opinions and intentions expressed herein with respect to the Issuers and the Notes are honestly 
held and based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts with respect to the Issuers or the 
Notes, the omission of which would make this Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or the 
expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading in any material respect; and that the Issuers have 
made all reasonable enquiries to ascertain all facts material for the purposes aforesaid. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor has undertaken with the Dealers (i) to supplement this Prospectus or publish 
a new Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to the information included in this Prospectus in respect of Notes issued on the basis of this Prospectus 
which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noted between the time 
when this Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any tranche of Notes offered to the public 
or, as the case may be, when trading of any tranche of Notes on a regulated market begins, and (ii) to have 
such document approved by the Commission. 
None of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Notes issued under the Program 
the net proceeds of which (or an amount equal thereto) are intended to be used towards the financing and/or 
refinancing of Eligible Projects (as defined below) to fulfil any environmental, social and/or sustainability 
criteria required by any prospective investors. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they responsible 
for, any assessment or verification of the Eligible Projects and their impact, or monitoring of the use of the 
net proceeds of any such Notes (or amounts equal thereto). Prospective investors should refer to BASF 
Group's Green Finance Framework and the Third-Party Opinion (each as defined herein), and for the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the BASF Group's Green Finance Framework or any other document related 
thereto including the Third-Party Opinion, any footnotes, links to the Issuers' website and or progress and 
impact assessment reports are, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated into, and/or form part of, this 
Prospectus. In addition, neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have conducted any due diligence on the BASF 
Group's Green Finance Framework. No representation or assurance is given by any Dealer as to the 
suitability or reliability of the Third-Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any third party made 
available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as "green bonds". 
No person has been authorized to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with this 
Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Program or any information supplied by 
any Issuer or any other information in the public domain and, if given or made, such information must not 
be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuers, the Dealers or any of them. 
Neither the Arranger (as defined herein) nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus, 
excluding the Issuers, is responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any supplement 
hereto, or any Final Terms or any document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the 
extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility 
for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these documents. This Prospectus

--- Page 3 ---
3 
is valid for 12 months after its approval and this Prospectus and any supplement hereto as well as any Final 
Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue. The delivery of this Prospectus or any Final 
Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may not be taken as an implication that the information 
contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuers since such date or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Program is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which 
it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Final Terms 
come are required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. For a description of the 
restrictions applicable in the United States of America, the European Economic Area in general, the United 
Kingdom, Japan, Republic of Italy, Switzerland, Republic of Singapore and Canada see "Selling 
Restrictions". In particular, the Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and are subject to tax law 
requirements of the United States of America; subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. persons. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), or 
the UK MiFIR Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules or the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION REQUIREMENTS IN SINGAPORE - The Notes are prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS - This notice is directed only to purchasers that are resident in or 
subject to the securities laws of British Columbia, Alberta or Ontario.  
The Notes may be sold only to such purchasers that are purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as 
principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with 
an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities 
laws.  
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies 
for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment or supplement hereto and/or any 
Final Terms) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's 
province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of 
the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
The language of the Prospectus is English. The German versions of the English language sets of Terms 
and Conditions and Guarantee are shown in the Prospectus for additional information. As to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders (as defined herein) and the Issuer under the Notes to 
be issued, German is the controlling legally binding language if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. In 
respect of the Guarantee, the German language version is always controlling and legally binding as to form 
and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Guarantor thereunder. 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing 
Notes issued under the Program is entitled to use the Prospectus as set out in "Consent to the Use 
of the Prospectus" below. 
This Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
This Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Prospectus and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances and be aware of the risk that an investment in the Notes may not be suitable at 
all times until maturity bearing in mind the following key aspects when assessing and reassessing 
the suitability of the Notes which may change over time and could lead to the risk of non-suitability. 
Each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any supplement hereto; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes 
and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behavior of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 5 ---
5 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Program, the Dealer or Dealers (if 
any) named as stabilization manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf 
of a stabilization manager) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilization 
may not necessarily occur. Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilization action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant stabilization 
manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any stabilization manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
The information on any website included in the Prospectus, except for the website www.luxse.com in the 
context of the documents incorporated by reference, do not form part of the Prospectus and have not been 
scrutinised or approved by the Commission. 
Amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes are calculated by reference to EURIBOR (Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date of this 
Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) ("BMR").  
Certain amounts which appear in this Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede 
them. In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, a reference to a law 
or a provision of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement 
that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results 
and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are 
identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", 
"intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, including references and 
assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus containing information on future 
earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding BASF Group's business and management, its growth 
and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the 
Issuers make to the best of their present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, 
uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including BASF Group's financial condition 
and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly 
been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. BASF Group's business is also subject to 
a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in 
this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following 
sections of this Prospectus: "Risk Factors", "BASF SE as Issuer and Guarantor" and "BASF Finance Europe 
N.V. as Issuer". These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on 
BASF Group's business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not 
occur. In addition, neither the Issuers nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to 
update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or 
developments.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
 
General Description of the Program ................................................................................................. 7 
General ............................................................................................................................................. 7 
Issue Procedures ............................................................................................................................. 8 
Risk Factors .................................................................................................................................... 10 
Risk Factors regarding BASF SE and BASF Group ...................................................................... 10 
Risk Factors regarding BASF Finance Europe N.V. ...................................................................... 17 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes ................................................................................................... 17 
Consent to the use of the Prospectus ............................................................................................ 25 
BASF SE as Issuer and Guarantor ................................................................................................ 26 
BASF Finance Europe N.V. as Issuer ............................................................................................ 56 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (English Language Version) .................................................. 59 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed interest rates ........................... 59 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with floating interest rates ...................... 83 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (German Language Version) ............................................... 101 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung .................. 102 
OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung ............ 129 
Guarantee (German Language Version) ...................................................................................... 149 
Guarantee (English Translation) .................................................................................................. 151 
Form of Final Terms ..................................................................................................................... 155 
Description of Rules Regarding Resolutions of Holders .............................................................. 171 
Use of Proceeds ........................................................................................................................... 173 
Taxation Warning ......................................................................................................................... 175 
Selling Restrictions ....................................................................................................................... 176 
General Information ...................................................................................................................... 182 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer ............................................. 182 
Authorization ................................................................................................................................. 182 
Listing and Admission to Trading ................................................................................................. 182 
Clearing Systems ......................................................................................................................... 183 
Documents Available .................................................................................................................... 183 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ....................................................................................... 184 
Cross-reference list of Documents incorporated by Reference ................................................... 184 
Availability of Documents ............................................................................................................. 187 
Names and Addresses ................................................................................................................. 188

--- Page 7 ---
7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAM 
I. General 
Under this EUR 20,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Program, BASF and BASF Finance may from time to time 
issue notes (the "Notes") to one or more of the following Dealers: Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., 
Banco Santander, S.A., Bank of China (Europe) S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA 
Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DZ BANK AG Deutsche 
Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental 
Europe, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Europe) S.A., ING Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., 
J.P. Morgan SE, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, NatWest Markets N.V., 
RBC Europe Limited, RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH, SMBC Bank EU AG, Société Générale, 
Standard Chartered Bank AG, UBS AG London Branch, UniCredit Bank GmbH and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Program from time to time by the Issuer(s), which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis (together, the "Dealers"). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Program (the "Arranger"). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Program will 
not exceed EUR 20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Issuers may increase the 
amount of the Program in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined herein) from time 
to time. 
Notes issued by BASF Finance will have the benefit of a Guarantee (the "Guarantee") given by BASF. The 
Guarantee constitutes an irrevocable, unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor ranking 
pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. Notes may be distributed by way 
of public offer or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method 
of distribution of each tranche ("Tranche") will be stated in the relevant final terms (the "Final Terms"). The 
Notes may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors, including with the restrictions specified in the 
"PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS" and "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL 
INVESTORS" legends set out on the cover page of the applicable Final Terms, if any. 
Notes will be issued in Tranches, each Tranche in itself consisting of Notes, which are identical in all 
respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a single series and 
identical in all respects, but having different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and 
dates for first interest payments may form a series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as part 
of existing Series.  
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes 
will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such other currency 
equal to at least EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in euro or any other currency. 
Notes will be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. The Notes will be freely transferable. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price, which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. If the issue 
price is known as at the date of publication of the relevant Final Terms, it will be specified therein. The issue 
price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing on the basis of a yield which will be 
determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers during the offer 
period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting 
yield will be used to determine an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the International Capital Markets 
Association ("ICMA") method, which determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account 
accrued interest on a daily basis. 
The Risk Factors included into this Prospectus are limited to risks which are (i) specific to the BASF and 
BASF Finance as Issuers and Guarantor, as the case may be, as well as the Notes, and (ii) are material for 
taking an informed investment decision. They are presented in a limited number of categories depending on 
their nature. In each category the most material risk factor is mentioned first. 
Under this Prospectus a summary will only be drawn up in relation to an issue of Notes with a denomination 
of less than EUR 100,000. Such an issue-specific summary will be annexed to the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Application has been made to the Commission, which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the 
purpose of the Prospectus Regulation for its approval of this Prospectus.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Program to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market (including the Luxembourg Green Exchange (LGX)) or on the 
professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Notes may further be issued under the Program, which will 
not be listed on any stock exchange. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. These systems will comprise those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
("CBF"), Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and CDS 
& Co., as nominee for CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc ("CDS"). Notes denominated in euro or, 
as the case may be, such other currency recognized from time to time for the purposes of eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem are intended to be held 
in a manner, which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Therefore, the Notes will be deposited initially upon 
issue with in the case of (i) a new global note either CBL or Euroclear as common safekeeper or, (ii) a 
classical global note CBF. It does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria. 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. will act as Luxembourg Listing Agent (the "Listing Agent") and Deutsche 
Bank Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent and paying agent (the "Fiscal Agent"). 
II. Issue Procedures 
General 
The relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each 
particular Tranche of Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by 
the Final Terms (the "Final Terms") as described below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms 
provide for the relevant Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
- 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates (and Option I A, Option I B, Option I 
C, Option I D, Option I E, Option I F, Option I G, Option I H, Option I I as well as Option I J as defined in 
"Documents incorporated by Reference"); and 
- 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates. 
With respect to each type of Notes, the respective Option I A, Option I B, Option I C, Option I D, Option I E, 
Option I F, Option I G, Option I H, Option I I and Option I J are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus 
for the purpose of a potential increase of Notes outstanding and originally issued prior to the date of this 
Prospectus. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The relevant Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following 
ways: 
- 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of the 
Option I or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable 
to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant 
placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus in the Final Terms. 
The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the 
Conditions, which will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. 
This type of documentation of the Conditions will be required where the Notes are publicly offered, in 
whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. 
- 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further 
options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by referring to

--- Page 9 ---
9 
the relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus only. 
The Final Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note 
representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Prospectus attached.  
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue 
of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain further 
options (characterized by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory 
notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterized by square brackets which 
include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The relevant Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating 
the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective sections of 
the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not refer to an 
alternative or optional provision or such alternative or optional provision is not replicated therein it shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Conditions.  
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions will be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information 
were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the 
Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
- 
In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of Germany, or (ii) 
initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of Germany, 
German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified 
investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German language translation of the 
Conditions will be available from the principal offices of the Fiscal Agent and BASF, as specified on the 
back cover of this Prospectus. 
- 
In other cases, the relevant Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
RISK FACTORS  
The following is a description of material risks that are specific to BASF and BASF Finance and/or 
may affect their respective ability to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes and the 
Guarantee and that are material to the Notes issued under the Program in order to assess the market 
risk associated with these Notes. Prospective investors should consider these risk factors before 
deciding whether to purchase Notes issued under the Program.  
Prospective investors should consider all information provided in this Prospectus and consult with 
their own professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax advisers) if they 
consider it necessary. In addition, investors should be aware that the risks described might combine 
and thus intensify one another. 
 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING BASF SE AND BASF GROUP 
The following descriptions of the risk factors and their occurrence within a risk category with the most 
material risk factor presented first in each category should be understood as description of residual risks, 
i.e. of the remaining risks following all counter measures taken in order to avoid such risks or limit their 
adverse effects. 
The risk factors regarding the Issuer and the Guarantor are presented in the following categories 
depending on their nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1. 
Risks related to the issuer's and guarantor's business activities and industry 
2. 
Risks related to the issuer's and guarantor's financial situation 
3. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
4. 
Internal control risks 
5. 
Environmental, social and governance risks 
1. 
Risks related to the issuer's and guarantor's business activities and industry 
Market growth risks 
BASF Group is dependent on the economic environment and cyclical trends in the world economy and may 
be adversely affected by any downturn in regional or worldwide economies, market crises as well as 
prolonged periods of instability. There is a considerable correlation between economic development and 
trade flows and, consequently, economic downturns and phases of prolonged instability often coincide with 
a decline in trade volumes. The financial position of BASF Group's segments is affected by such cyclicality 
and migration of various industries in which they operate, including the automotive, electrical, electronics 
and construction industries.  
Current developments, mainly driven by the war in Ukraine and its impact on energy and raw material prices 
and availability, especially in Europe, pose a risk to the economy. In particular, risks could arise from 
restriction of energy and raw material availability which could lead to production stoppages at major sites. 
Higher inflation rates for manufacturer and consumer prices also pose a risk to the economy and can have 
a considerable impact on global demand for intermediate goods for industrial production and demand for 
investment goods. Central banks might react to rising inflation rates with tightening of monetary policy, which 
could have a braking effect on the economy and may dampen consumption. 
Additional macroeconomic risks result from the escalation of other geopolitical conflicts and a renewed 
intensification of the trade conflict between the United States and China, and, to some extent, the European 
Union and China. With a share of more than 40%, China is already the largest chemical market and drives 
the growth of global chemical production. A slowdown of the Chinese economy would not only have a 
considerable impact on its chemical market but also on the overall demand for intermediate goods for 
industrial production as well as investment goods. This would further have an effect on emerging markets 
that export raw materials as well as on advanced economies that specialize in technological goods. BASF 
Group might be impacted not only by decreased demand in Chinese markets and in markets dependent on 
or linked to the Chinese economy but also by the general deceleration of the worldwide macroeconomic 
development. 
The development of demand in BASF Group's sales markets represents one of the most important sources 
of risks. In particular, the sales volumes of BASF Group's crop protection products are subject to the

--- Page 11 ---
11 
agricultural sector's dependency on weather conditions. Adverse weather conditions in a particular growing 
region could materially negatively affect the results of operations of BASF Group's crop protection business. 
Demand for crop protection products is further influenced by the agricultural policies of governments and 
multinational organizations. Risks to the global economy and thus adverse impacts on BASF Group's 
performance may also arise due to an escalation of geopolitical or trade conflicts, an increase of tariff and 
non-tariff trade barriers as well as an increased tendency toward protectionism. 
Furthermore, BASF Group's business is exposed to economic risks due to the international nature of its 
business. Some of the countries in which BASF Group manufactures or offers services or into which it 
exports are subject to reduced economic, political, social or legal stability. Potential risks BASF Group might 
encounter in different countries include in particular the nationalization of assets, legal risks, the prohibition 
of capital transfers, war, terrorist attacks and other unrest. There could also be an indirect negative impact 
on BASF Group's business outside of a region directly affected by the relevant crisis especially if BASF 
Group customers in other countries were to change their investment and business plans as a result of the 
relevant crisis. 
In case any of the mentioned risks materialize and observed market growth rates decline below BASF 
Group's respective assumptions, negative, material implications on BASF Group's sales volumes and 
financial position, margins, operational performance and overall operational results may arise. Depending 
on the significance and duration of deterioration, implications on the Group's overall competitive positioning 
or overall financial position might arise as well. 
Margin risks 
Margin risks for BASF Group result from a decline in margins in particular in the Chemicals and Materials 
segment. Further increases in energy and raw material prices in particular, new capacities or raw materials 
shortages could also increase margin pressure on a number of products and value chains. For example, 
some of BASF Group's divisions are exposed to strong fluctuations in raw material prices. These result 
primarily from raw materials (for example naphtha, propylene, benzene, lauric oils, cyclohexane, methanol, 
natural gas, butadiene, Liquefied Petroleum Gas condensate and ammonia) as well as from precious metals. 
This would have a negative effect on BASF Group's EBITDA. Crude oil and naphtha as the main raw 
materials form the basis for many of BASF Group's value chains. The year's average oil price for Brent crude 
was around $82 per barrel in 2023, compared with $101 per barrel in the previous year. The price of oil 
averaged $84 per barrel (Brent crude) in the first half of 2024. The current forecast for the average annual 
oil price (Brent crude) in 2024 is $80 per barrel. 
Production and Investment risks 
In the BASF Verbund, production facilities and technologies are intelligently networked, with high-output 
chemical processes that use energy and resources efficiently. The by-products of one plant serve as 
feedstock elsewhere, creating efficient value chains – from basic chemicals to high value-added solutions 
such as coatings or crop protection products. As such, plant breakdowns may harm the Verbund production. 
Guaranteeing the quality and availability of BASF Group's products can require unforeseen technical 
measures. Moreover, there is the risk that unscheduled plant shutdowns will be required for safety reasons 
or due to technical problems. For example, as a precaution BASF Group shuts down plants at the sites on 
the U.S. Gulf Coast in the event of hurricane warnings. Furthermore, appropriate precautions are taken at 
the sites in the case of a potential change in risk associated with climate change. For example, due to an 
increase in heat waves, BASF Group has implemented several measures at the Verbund site in 
Ludwigshafen, Germany, and at the Geismar site in Louisiana in recent years to increase cooling capacity, 
such as expanding and optimizing the central recooling plants and optimizing cooling water flows. These 
optimization measures are designed to prevent production outages due to extreme heat waves. 
The availability of infrastructure, production plants and supply chains can be negatively affected by system 
downtime confidentiality breaches, or manipulation of data in critical IT systems and applications. The threat 
environment has changed in recent years, as attackers have become better organized, use more 
sophisticated technology, and have far more resources available. 
Risks from investments can result from, for example, technical malfunctions or schedule and budget 
breaches. BASF Group's decisions on the type, scope and locations of its investment projects are based on 
assumptions related to the long-term development of markets, margins and costs, as well as raw material 
availability and country, currency, sustainability and technology risks. Risks arise from potential deviations 
in actual developments from BASF Group's assumptions. 
Furthermore, BASF Group is subject to operating risks associated with chemical manufacturing, including 
the risks of production, distribution, handling and storage of BASF Group's products. These operating risks 
have the potential to cause personal injury, property damage and environmental contamination, and may 
result in business interruptions, the shutdown of affected facilities and liability for compensation payments. 
Any of these events may adversely affect BASF Group's operating results.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Purchasing and supply chain risks 
Delivery bottlenecks resulting from interruptions in production, or the supply chain and raw material as well 
as energy shortages may adversely affect BASF Group's operating results and revenues. 
A continuous supply of natural gas according to demand is essential to chemical production. An interruption 
to or significant restriction of the supply of natural gas would have a significant impact on BASF's European 
activities and could, for example, lead to production shutdowns. The consequences would vary depending 
on the duration and extent of supply restrictions, the existence of alternative supply sources and possible 
substitutions, as well as any optimization of production to reduce the use of natural gas. A further escalation 
of current geopolitical conflicts such as the war in Ukraine and the conflict in the Middle East could lead to 
disruptions in global supply chains and greater restrictions on the supply of energy, industry raw materials 
and intermediates. 
Supply security for raw materials, energy and services is increasingly affected by trade disputes, 
protectionism and geopolitical conflict. In addition, supply chains are increasingly threatened by disruptions 
such as suppliers' production bottlenecks, interrupted logistics chains, extreme weather events, and longer-
lasting effects from the coronavirus pandemic. Climate change and extreme weather events are impacting 
the availability of renewable resources. These risks, as well as the introduction of new environmental 
regulations (for example, carbon fees), can have an impact on purchasing prices. Transportation costs are 
significantly affected by capacity constraints (for example, a lack of truck drivers, traffic jams due to 
inadequate logistics infrastructure). The ongoing expansion of the regulatory framework affects BASF and 
its suppliers. Potential non-compliance by BASF's suppliers may lead to a reduced supplier base. Moreover, 
the availability of renewable energies depends largely on favourable prices and framework conditions. 
Additionally, risks regarding increasing, unexpected extreme weather conditions such as heavy rain events, 
flooding, hurricanes, storms, and low or high-water levels might further impose challenges on BASF Group's 
global supply chain and production abilities and impact all Operating Divisions' performance negatively. For 
example, BASF can no longer rule out extreme low-water situations or heat waves caused by climate change 
at its Verbund site in Ludwigshafen, Germany. 
Competition risks 
Increasing competition, in particular from emerging markets, may pose a risk to BASF Group's earnings and 
market shares. Overcapacities, for example due to new market entrances by competitors or other market 
participants, might intensify the competitive environment increasing risks on BASF Group's respective 
pricing and volume strategies, as for example observed in the cracker product markets. In addition, BASF 
Group may face competition from raw material suppliers expanding their value chains. 
BASF expects a continuous rise in customer demand for sustainable solutions, for example, products with 
a low carbon footprint, made from recycled, circular, or bio-based raw materials that are biodegradeable, or 
products with other measurable sustainability benefits. However, an increase in customer demand for 
sustainable solutions is also highly dependent on regulation. Companies with a proven track record of 
providing more sustainable solutions will be able to achieve higher growth and profitability as a result. The 
expansion of sharing economy business models could have a long-term impact on demand in individual 
customer industries. BASF is addressing these topics in research and investment programs for the 
sustainable transformation of BASF. However, there are technical and commercial risks of failure associated 
with every single research and development project. More generally, BASF Group's operating results 
depend on the development of commercially viable new products and production technologies. Due to the 
high degree of complexity and uncertainty involved in chemical and biological research, there is a risk that 
projects might be discontinued for technical or economic reasons, budgets/cost management or schedules 
may be exceeded or developed products will not receive regulatory approval for sale or will not achieve the 
expected commercial success. 
Additional competition risks might arise from digitalization. Digital business models could potentially disrupt 
conventional business models in the chemical industry. The rapid development in the digitalization of 
chemical plants and the resulting increased efficiency impose risks with regard to operational competition. 
Further, the expansion of sharing economy business models could have a long-term impact on demand in 
individual customer industries. 
Personnel risks 
As a leading chemical company, BASF Group's future success depends in part on its continued ability to 
hire, integrate and retain highly skilled employees. This includes for example complex fields as research 
and development, operations (e.g., chemical technicians), engineering and digitalization and information 
technology. At the same time the number of positions will decrease in other fields due to digitalization effects 
and a lean organization. BASF anticipates growing challenges in attracting and retaining qualified 
employees in the medium and long term due to demographic changes, especially in North America and

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Europe and depending on future growth rates. In addition, the chemical industry, which is heavily dependent 
on fossil raw materials, is increasingly viewed critically by the public. As a result, there is an increased risk 
that job vacancies may not be filled with suitable applicants, or only after a delay. 
Risks arising from acquisitions/divestitures/cooperations 
BASF Group is constantly watching its environment in order to identify possible targets and develop its 
portfolio appropriately. In addition, BASF Group works together in collaborations with customers and 
partners to jointly develop new, competitive products and applications.  
Risks arise in connection with acquisitions and divestitures from the conclusion of a transaction, or it being 
completed earlier or later than expected. They relate to the regular earnings contributions gained or lost as 
well as the realization of gains or losses from divestitures if these deviate from BASF Group's planning 
assumptions. Following acquisition and investment activities, regular goodwill impairment tests are 
performed, which ultimately lead to the potential risk of goodwill impairments and consequently negative 
financial impact, including investments accounted for using the equity method. 
Acquisitions and other financial investment decisions are associated with complex risks due to the high level 
of capital involved and the long-term capital commitment. They also come along with potentially increased 
staff turnover, unexpected high integration costs, delayed realization of synergies and the assumption of 
obligations that were not precisely quantifiable in advance. In addition, risks could arise from divestitures as 
a result of potential warranty claims or other contractual obligations, such as long-term supply agreements, 
which may reduce BASF Group’s profitability. 
Information technology risks 
BASF Group employs a large number of IT systems. Their non-availability, violation of confidentiality or the 
manipulation of critical IT systems and applications can all have a direct impact on all business processes 
run at BASF Group. The threat environment has changed in recent years, as cyber attackers have become 
better organized, use more sophisticated technology, and have far more resources available. This 
development reflects the fact that internet-based cyberattacks are extremely lucrative: a variety of 
vulnerabilities in software and hardware products constantly provide new incentives to develop malware, 
and anonymization technologies make it almost impossible to trace and punish attacks. 
A successful attack can, for example, negatively affect plant availability, process safety and the accuracy of 
its ﬁnancial reporting. Unauthorized access to sensitive data, such as personnel records and customer data, 
competition-related information or research results, can result in legal consequences or jeopardize BASF 
Group's competitive position or overall financial position. This could also be accompanied by a loss of 
reputation and even a loss of customers' and partners' confidence in the security of BASF Group's products 
and services. 
2. 
Risks related to the issuer's and guarantor's financial situation 
Exchange rate volatility risks 
BASF Group has companies in more than 90 countries and supplies products and services to around 78,000 
customers in almost every country in the world. BASF Group works with over 70,000 suppliers worldwide. 
Therefore, BASF Group's competitiveness on global markets is influenced by fluctuations in exchange rates. 
Financial currency risks result from the translation of receivables, liabilities and other monetary items in 
accordance with IAS 21 at the closing rate into the functional currency of the respective Group company. 
For BASF Group's sales, risks arise in particular when the U.S. dollar exchange rate ﬂuctuates. Assuming 
other conditions remain the same, a full-year rise in the value of the U.S. dollar/euro exchange rate by $0.01 
would result in an increase of around €40 million in BASF Group's EBITDA. Vice versa, a full-year decrease 
in the value of the U.S. dollar/euro exchange rate by $0.01 would result in a decrease of BASF Group's 
EBITDA to a similar extent. 
Liquidity and credit risks 
BASF Group's ability to finance its business depends on future developments of financial markets. Access 
to extensive liquidity is substantial to balance risks from fluctuating cash flows from cyclical businesses. This 
access to liquid funds may be limited during a financial crisis. A rating downgrade may increase BASF 
Group's financing costs and negatively impact the market values of the Notes. Credit ratings assigned to 
BASF Group or any of the Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market 
and other factors. Rating agencies may also change their methodologies for rating issuers or securities in 
the future. An actual or anticipated downgrade of ratings could result in increased interest and other financial 
expenses. It could also have a material negative impact on the market values of the Notes 
Although BASF Group only engages in transactions with banks with good credit ratings and by adhering to 
fixed limits for exposures, any counterparty might not be able to fulfil its obligations and BASF Group might

--- Page 14 ---
14 
not be able to close open positions in advance. Customers might also not fulfil their obligations from 
purchase agreements, resulting in an impairment of receivables BASF Group might suffer from losses of 
assets in individual countries. In particular, BASF Group's crop protection products are typically sold 
pursuant to contracts with long payment terms. These extended payment periods make BASF Group's crop 
protection business susceptible to losses on receivables during local or regional economic crises, which 
may adversely affect BASF Group's operating results and liquidity. 
Interest rates risks 
Interest rate risks result from potential changes in prevailing market interest rates. These can cause a 
change in the fair value of ﬁxed-rate instruments and fluctuations in the interest payments for variable-rate 
financial instruments, which would positively or negatively affect earnings. In addition to market interest rates, 
BASF Group's financing costs are determined by the credit risk premiums to be paid. These are mainly 
influenced by the credit rating and the market conditions at the time of issue. The variable interest risk 
exposure, which also includes fixed rate bonds maturing in the following year, amounted to minus €427 
million as of December 31, 2023 (2022: minus €2,441 million). An increase in all relevant interest rates by 
one percentage point of BASF Group's outstanding debt instruments would have raised income before 
income taxes by €3 million as of December 31, 2023, and by €15 million as of December 31, 2022.  
Metal and raw materials trading risks 
Some of BASF’s divisions are exposed to strong fluctuations in raw materials prices. BASF uses commodity 
derivatives to hedge these market price risks. In addition, BASF holds limited unhedged precious metal and 
oil product positions for trading on its own account. The value of these positions is exposed to market price 
volatility. Although trading is conducted within predetermined limits and exposure constraints, adverse 
market developments could lead to significant losses or changes in market values of employed instruments, 
which may require significant liquidity. 
Impairment risks 
Asset impairment risk arises if the assumed interest rate in an impairment test increases, the predicted cash 
flows decline, or investment projects are suspended. The current market circumstances are being influenced 
by uncertainties mainly related to geopolitical developments like the war in Ukraine. These uncertainties 
about future economic developments will be closely monitored to establish countermeasures to mitigate or 
minimize the impact on BASF in a timely manner. Despite these increased risks and the observable increase 
in the risk-free interest rate, BASF currently has no indication for material impairments. The same applies to 
investments accounted for using the equity method. Since the current situation continues to be dominated 
by high uncertainty, future developments, such as changes in market dynamics remaining at a high level in 
the longer term or developments and measures relating to sustainability leading to fundamentally changed 
expectations with regard to useful lives or recoverability of BASF’s assets, may have a significant and 
adverse effect on the performance of the assets and may lead to impairments. 
Risks related to personnel costs 
Most employees are granted company pension benefits from either defined contribution or defined benefit 
plans. BASF Group predominantly finances company pension obligations externally through separate plan 
assets. This particularly includes BASF Pensionskasse VVaG and BASF Pensionstreuhand e.V. in Germany, 
in addition to the large pension plans of BASF Group companies in North America, the United Kingdom and 
Switzerland. 
The fund assets required to cover future pension obligations are actuarially determined using, among others, 
assumptions concerning the expected return on plan assets. The plan assets are partially comprised of 
equity and other risky investments. Declining or even negative returns on these investments and a lack of 
diversification between different asset classes may adversely affect the future fair value of plan assets and 
could trigger an additional contribution to the pension plan to cover future pension obligations. Additional 
contributions to pension plans may also be triggered by declining interest rates leading to higher present 
values of future pension liabilities. As some of the defined contribution plans include minimum interest 
guarantees, a return to a low interest rate environment could make it necessary to recognize pension 
obligations and plan assets for these plans as well. 
BASF Group's senior executives have the opportunity to participate in a share price-based long-term 
incentive (LTI) compensation program. The development of the BASF SE share price and the MSCI World 
Chemicals Index may lead to a corresponding increase in personnel costs due to that program. The previous 
LTI program for senior executives was offered for the last time in 2020 and replaced by a new program 
called 'Strive!' in the same year. The program will incentivize the development of the total shareholder return, 
as well as the achievement of strategic growth, profitability and sustainability targets. The development of 
these targets may lead to a corresponding increase in personnel costs.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Furthermore, changes to the legal environment of a particular country can have an impact on the 
development of personnel expenses for BASF Group. 
3. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Regulation/policy risks 
BASF expects continued regulatory and societal pressure to achieve environmentally friendly energy 
production, emission-free energy consumption, and a climate-neutral resource and raw materials base. The 
political approaches to address these issues will vary greatly from region to region. However, particularly in 
Europe, BASF expects measures with a continuously high level of detailed regulation, including changes to 
chemical and industry-related regulations that have the potential to significantly impact the competitiveness 
of BASF's operations and product portfolio as well as that of BASF's customers. Furthermore, there is a risk 
of the current geopolitical shifts leading to the establishment of uncoordinated or divergent global legislative 
standards and regulatory systems, not just in relation to chemicals, but also to environmental, social and 
corporate governance criteria and the regulatory framework for digitalization. 
As a globally operating company, BASF Group conducts business and is involved in projects with customers 
and business partners in countries that are subject of export control regulations, embargoes, sanctions or 
other forms of trade restrictions imposed by the United States, the European Union or other countries or 
organizations. Risks for BASF Group can, in particular, arise from intensified geopolitical tensions, which 
could result in the broadening of existing or enactment of new embargoes and sanctions laws, the 
destabilization of political systems or the introduction of new trade barriers (which could, in each case, have 
retroactive effect). Consequently, there might be a significant negative impact on the overall market growth, 
customer demand in key industries or on important chemical markets in form of shifted supply and demand 
balances. Considering BASF Group's global business, BASF Group encounters risks associated with 
existing, new or amended sanctions and trade laws. Depending on the content, scope and applicability of 
these sanctions, there can be no assurance that certain BASF Group's business activities or projects will 
not be affected by such sanctions, embargoes or similar laws or regulations. 
Risks for BASF Group can also arise from new regulations, including a lack of global coordination for stricter 
emission limits for plants, energy, and climate laws as well as a lack of acceptance of new technologies in 
the EU. Changes in this regard might potentially restrict BASF Group's production output and, depending 
on the extent of changes, impose risks on the company's future growth. Furthermore, additional cost burdens 
might arise as well, impacting financial position negatively. In addition, risks to BASF Group can be posed 
by further laws in key customer industries or on the use or registration of agricultural and other chemicals 
and thus limiting the company's sales and impose further cost burdens to adapt products or registrations to 
revised regulations. Further risks may arise from increasing state protectionism and the demand for 
localization of intellectual property in order to achieve technological independence. 
Legal disputes and proceedings risks 
With its international operations, BASF Group is exposed to numerous legal risks. These may include risks 
relating to product liability, competition and antitrust law, export control, data protection, patent law, 
procurement law, tax legislation and environmental protection in the countries where BASF Group operates, 
including countries such as the United States, where legal risks – in particular legal risks stemming from 
class action product liability - have historically been more significant than in other countries. BASF Group is 
involved in legal, regulatory, governmental and arbitration proceedings and may become involved in 
additional proceedings. These proceedings involve claims by and against BASF Group which arise in the 
ordinary course of its businesses, including in connection with its business activities or its role as employer, 
investor and taxpayer. Any proceeding might negatively impact BASF Group. The outcome of current 
pending or future proceedings and investigations can often not be predicted with certainty. Legal or 
regulatory judgements or agreed settlements may give rise to significant losses, costs and expenses which 
are not covered, or not fully covered, by insurance benefits or provisions. Such losses, costs and expenses 
may have a material adverse impact on the business and financial position of BASF Group. 
Investigations of possible legal or regulatory violations, such as potential infringements of antitrust law or 
certain marketing or distribution methods, may result in civil or criminal penalties – including substantial 
monetary fines – or other adverse financial consequences, and may harm BASF Group's reputation and 
ultimately hamper its commercial success. 
Risks from changes in taxation 
BASF Group and BASF Finance are governed by the tax rules and regulations applicable in the country of 
their residence. A change in such rules and regulations may result in a higher tax rates or expenses. In 
addition, changes in tax legislation (including as a result of, e.g., the EU Commission's proposal to introduce 
rules for a new global minimum tax framework (Pillar Two)) may have a significant impact on BASF Group's 
and BASF Finance's tax receivables and tax liabilities as well as on its deferred tax assets and deferred tax

--- Page 16 ---
16 
liabilities. Future interpretations of these regulations and/or changes in the tax system might have an impact 
on BASF's and BASF Finance's tax liabilities, profitability and business operations. BASF Group and BASF 
Finance are regularly audited by the tax authorities and it cannot be excluded that such tax audits will lead 
to additional tax claims that could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, financial 
position and results of operations. 
BASF falls within the scope of the Pillar Two Model Rules for a new global minimum tax framework (Pillar 
Two) issued by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). Several jurisdictions 
announced the intention to bring these into effect. In December 2022, EU member states agreed to a 
correspondent directive. The relevant Pillar Two legislation was enacted in Germany and became applicable 
in the fiscal year beginning January 1, 2024. BASF expects the application of the OECD Pillar Two Model 
Rules to result in an increase in taxes on income and earnings by a low to mid double-digit million euro 
amount since the relevant tax rate is under 15% in a small number of jurisdictions. 
4. 
Internal control risks 
Internal control risks 
BASF Group has companies in more than 90 countries and operates six Verbund sites and over 200 
additional production sites worldwide. It has eleven divisions grouped into six segments. These divisions 
manage 49 global and regional business units and develop strategies for 70 strategic business units. All 
these business units are active on several markets in countries all around the world and their respective 
businesses are, individually and taken as a whole, exposed to varying degrees of risk and respective 
uncertainty on a global and or a local level where these businesses are being operated. Their assessment 
is dependent on a number of factors and based on assumptions which may prove not to be accurate. 
Although BASF Group has an extensive and global enterprise risk management system in place, including 
a "Three Lines of Defense" model (employees, Corporate Center and corporate audit), the mere size of 
BASF Group and the aforementioned complexity causes a residual internal control risk. Potentially, material 
risks might not be recognized appropriately within the enterprise risk management framework or might be 
assessed to be immaterial, remote or unlikely at source, although they might have a material adverse effect 
on BASF Group's business operations and financial position and results of operations after aggregation or 
when occurring simultaneously. 
5. 
Environmental, Social and Governance Risks 
Environmental risks 
For BASF Group as an energy-intensive company, environmental and sustainability risks arise especially 
from regulatory changes, such as in carbon prices through emissions trading systems, taxes or energy 
legislation. In particular, there is a risk of an increase in pricing of greenhouse gas emissions, which may 
impose cost burdens from the EU emissions trading system compared to other global competitors which do 
not have comparable additional costs. In addition, BASF's emissions footprint and intensity could lead to a 
negative perception and reduced appeal among external stakeholders such as customers or investors. 
Additionally, as a chemical company, BASF Group operates with hazardous and toxic materials, which 
require adequate handling and processing. Any non-compliance with BASF Group's high safety standards 
may result in severe damages to the environment and, consequently, adversely affect BASF Group's 
reputation, business and/or financial position. 
Social risks 
As BASF Group operates globally and despite extensive measures taken to ensure the adherence to social 
standards, such as due diligence obligations or audits, BASF Group is exposed to risks from non-compliance 
with these standards by its employees, suppliers or other partners, for example in the procurement of mineral 
raw materials, which can ultimately lead to adverse effects on BASF Group's reputation, business or financial 
position. 
Governance risks 
As per year-end 2023, BASF Group recorded around 112,000 employees worldwide. Due to the high 
number of employees, BASF Group is especially exposed to any kind of unlawful or unethical behavior or 
other kind of misconduct by individuals. Unethical behavior and non-compliance with BASF Group's integrity 
standards due to intentional and fraudulent behavior of employees could materially harm BASF Group's 
business, financial position, profit, and reputation. BASF Group may encounter unethical behavior and non-
compliance with applicable laws, regulations and BASF Group's guidelines and integrity standards due to 
intentional and fraudulent behavior of individual employees, possibly in collusion with external third parties. 
In addition to intentional behavior, problems could also arise due to negligence in the adherence to 
applicable laws, regulations and internal or external guidelines. Unethical behavior and misconduct

--- Page 17 ---
17 
attributable to BASF Group could not only lead to criminal charges, fines and claims by injured parties, but 
also to financial loss, and severe reputational damage. This could have a material adverse effect on BASF 
Group's business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING BASF FINANCE EUROPE N.V.  
BASF Finance continued operations depend on the ability of BASF SE and other members of BASF Group 
to meet their payment obligations under intra-group loans provided to them by BASF Finance. In the event 
that a member of the BASF Group fails to make a payment under an intra-group loan, BASF Finance may 
not be able to meet its payment obligations under the Notes issued by it. 
All debt securities of BASF Finance (such as the Notes) are wholly and unconditionally guaranteed by BASF 
SE in respect of principal and interest payments. This Guarantee is enforceable under the laws of Germany. 
For the risk factors regarding BASF SE and BASF Group please see the separate section above. 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE NOTES 
The risk factors regarding the Notes are presented in the following categories depending on their nature 
with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
2. 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
3. 
Risks related to the Guarantor and the Guarantee 
4. 
Other related Risks 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
Market price risk, in particular with regard to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market 
interest rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack 
of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The holders of Notes ("Holders") are therefore exposed 
to the risk of an unfavorable development of market prices of their Notes, which materializes if the Holders 
sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Holder of Notes decides to hold the Notes until 
final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Different Rates of Interest may apply to the Notes which will result in a step-up or step-down of the applicable 
rate of interest (Step-up Fixed Rate Notes or Step-Down Fixed Rate Notes). The holder of such Notes is 
exposed to an increased risk that the nominal interest rate falls below the initially set interest rate and no 
assurance can be given that the respective investment will constitute an appropriate market return. 
In particular, a Holder of Fixed Rate Notes (including Step-up Fixed Rate Notes or Step-Down Fixed Rate 
Notes) is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of changes in the market interest 
rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market ("market interest rate") 
typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate Notes also 
changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of Fixed Rate Notes 
typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable 
issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, until the yield of 
such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. The same risk applies 
to Step-up Fixed Rate Notes or Step-Down Fixed Rate Notes if the market interest rates in respect of 
comparable Notes are higher than the rates applicable to such Notes. If the Holder of Fixed Rate Notes 
holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such Holder as 
the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Notes. 
A Holder of Floating Rate Notes is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability of 
Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate 
should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Liquidity risk 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Prospectus to 
be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In 
addition, the Program provides that Notes may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are 
listed or not, there is a risk that no liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, 
that it will not continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity 
as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes 
may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid 
market, an investor is subject to the risk that he will not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market 
prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. 
2. 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of early redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether an Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to 
maturity (optional call right) on one or several dates determined beforehand or whether the Notes will be 
subject to early redemption upon the occurrence of an event specified in the applicable Final Terms (early 
redemption event). Furthermore, the relevant Issuer has a right for termination in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes if a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Replacement Rate Adjustments cannot 
be determined following a Rate Replacement Event as set out in the Terms and Conditions. In addition, 
each Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the relevant Issuer is required to pay additional 
amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and Conditions. 
If the relevant Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due 
to an early redemption event, a Holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such early redemption 
his investment will have a lower than expected yield. The relevant Issuer can be expected to exercise his 
optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen which means that the 
investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower yield. On 
the other hand, the relevant Issuer can be expected not to exercise its optional call right if the yield on 
comparable Notes in the capital market has increased. In this event, an investor will not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the 
relevant Issuer may exercise any optional call right irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
Specific risks regarding Floating Rate Notes linked to EURIBOR 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to reference rates such as the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate ("EURIBOR") which is deemed to be a "benchmark" (a "Benchmark") and which is the subject of 
recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective while others are still to be implemented. 
Following the implementation of such potential reforms, the manner of administration of a Benchmark may 
change, with the result that they perform differently than in the past, or a Benchmark could be eliminated 
entirely, or there could be consequences which cannot be predicted. Any changes to a Benchmark as a 
result of the BMR or other initiatives could have a material adverse effect on the costs of obtaining exposure 
to a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in a certain Benchmark, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in a certain Benchmark or lead to the disappearance of a certain 
Benchmark.  
As regards EURIBOR, the new hybrid calculation of EURIBOR has already been adapted to the 
requirements of the BMR that takes into account current transaction data, historical transaction data and 
modelled data based on expert opinions. However, since reference rates relying on expert opinion and 
modelled data are widely regarded as potentially less representative than reference rates determined in a 
fully transaction-based approach and because central banks, supervisory authorities, expert groups and 
relevant markets thus are developing towards preferred use of risk-free overnight interest rates with a broad 
and active underlying market as reference rates, there is a risk that the use or provision of EURIBOR may 
come to an end in the medium or long term. In this respect it is to be noted that the European Money Markets 
Institute, as administrator of EURIBOR has launched a forward-looking term rate EFTERM as alternative to 
and as a new fallback rate for EURIBOR. It is therefore currently not foreseeable whether EURIBOR will 
continue to exist permanently. 
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be determined 
for the relevant interest period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. The Terms and Conditions

--- Page 19 ---
19 
of the Notes distinguish between fallback arrangements in the event that a published Benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR (including any screen page on which such Benchmark may be published (or any successor 
page)) becomes temporarily or permanently unavailable (so-called Rate Replacement Event). In certain 
circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a particular interest period, may 
result in the rate of interest for the last preceding interest period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the relevant 
screen page for the purposes of determining the rate of interest in respect of an interest period.  
If, in accordance with the provisions contained in the Terms and Conditions, a Rate Replacement Event 
(which, amongst other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of the Benchmark) occurs, fallback 
arrangements will include the possibility that:  
(i) 
the relevant rate of interest could be determined by reference to a Replacement Rate determined by 
(i) the relevant Issuer if in its opinion the Replacement Rate is obvious and as such without any 
reasonable doubt determinable by an investor that is knowledgeable in the respective type of bonds, 
such as the Notes, or (ii) failing which, an independent advisor (each the "Relevant Determining 
Party"); and  
(ii) 
such Replacement Rate may be adjusted (if required) by an Adjustment Spread (as defined in § 3 of 
the Terms and Conditions in Option II) to be applied to the Replacement Rate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value between the relevant 
Issuer and the Holders that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Benchmark 
against the Replacement Rate. 
However, the relevant Issuer may be unable to appoint an independent advisor at commercially reasonable 
terms, using reasonable endeavors or the Relevant Determining Party may not be able to determine a 
Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Rate Replacement Adjustments (as defined in § 3 
of the Terms and Conditions in Option II) in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate 
Notes. If a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Rate Replacement Adjustments cannot 
be determined, the rate of interest for the relevant interest period will be the rate of interest applicable as at 
the last preceding interest determination date before the occurrence of the Rate Replacement Event, or, 
where the Rate Replacement Event occurs before the first interest determination date, the rate of interest 
will be the initial rate of interest. Applying the initial rate of interest, or the rate of interest applicable as at the 
last preceding interest determination date before the occurrence of the Rate Replacement Event could result 
in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant Benchmark performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower rate of interest) than they would do if the relevant Benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a 
Replacement Rate could be determined.  
Ultimately, a failure to determine the Replacement Rate and Adjustment Spread, if any, for the interest 
period immediately following a Rate Replacement Event will result either in the same Benchmark being 
applied for the determination of the relevant rates of interest until maturity of the Floating Rate Notes, 
effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest (which will be the case if any attempt 
to determine a Replacement Rate and Adjustment Spread, if any, prior to each interest determination date 
fails), or that the Notes will be called by the Issuer at its sole discretion pursuant to § 3 of the Terms and 
Conditions in Option II. In the case that the same Benchmark will be applied for the determination of the 
relevant rates of interest until maturity of the Floating Rate Notes, a Holder would no longer participate in 
any favourable movements of market interest rates. 
Also, even if a Replacement Rate was determined and an Adjustment Spread, if any, was applied to that 
Replacement Rate, such an Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic 
prejudice to Holders. The application of an Adjustment Spread, if any, to a Replacement Rate may still result 
in Floating Rate Notes originally linked to or referencing a Benchmark to perform differently (which may 
include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the Benchmark were to continue to apply in 
its current form. 
In addition, the Relevant Determining Party may also establish that, consequentially, other amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes are necessary to enable the operation of the 
Replacement Rate (which may include, without limitation, adjustments to the applicable business day 
convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any 
methodology or definition for obtaining or calculating the Replacement Rate). No consent of the Holders 
shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Replacement Rate or any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments described above.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should note that, in the case of a replacement of a Benchmark the Relevant Determining Party will 
have discretion to adjust the Replacement Rate in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment 
could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no assurance that, due to the particular

--- Page 20 ---
20 
circumstances of each Holder, any such adjustment will be favorable to each Holder. 
Investors should be aware that they face the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may have a 
material adverse effect on the value or the liquidity of, and the amounts payable under Notes whose rate of 
interest is linked to a Benchmark. 
Finally, the BMR confers implementing powers on the European Commission to designate a replacement 
rate to critical benchmarks such as EURIBOR which are referenced in financial instruments such as the 
Notes. Even though such designation power in principle only applies to financial instruments which do not – 
unlike the Notes – contain a respective fallback provision, there can be no assurance that the fallback 
provisions of the Notes would be considered suitable. Accordingly, there is a risk that any Notes linked to or 
referencing to a Benchmark would be transitioned to a replacement rate designated by the European 
Commission. Furthermore, the Relevant Determining Party could nevertheless take into consideration a 
legally designated replacement rate by the European Commission in accordance with the fallback provisions 
of the Notes. However, there is no guarantee that the European Commission will use its designation power 
and accordingly, a replacement rate designated by the European Commission may not even be available. 
Currency risk 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e. a currency which is different from the official 
currency where the investor is domiciled) is particularly exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange 
rates, which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from various 
factors such as macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central banks and 
governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding 
change in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding change 
in the euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than euro in accordance with 
the terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the euro correspondingly 
rises, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder expressed 
in euro falls. 
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
Risks related to Renminbi ("RMB")-denominated Notes 
RMB is not freely convertible at present. This may adversely affect the liquidity of the RMB denominated 
Notes ("RMB Notes"); the availability of RMB funds for servicing the RMB Notes may be subject to future 
limitations imposed by the PRC government. 
The PRC government continues to regulate conversion between RMB and foreign currencies, including the 
euro, despite the significant reduction over the years by the PRC government of control over routine foreign 
exchange transactions under current accounts. Currently participating banks in, inter alia, Frankfurt, London, 
Singapore, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan have been permitted to engage in the settlement of RMB trade 
transactions. This represents a current account activity.  
While there have been several reforms to further reduce governmental control over foreign exchange 
transactions in recent years, there is no assurance that the PRC government will continue to liberalize a 
control over cross-border RMB remittances in the future or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated 
in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of RMB into or outside the PRC. 
In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in RMB, this may affect the overall availability 
of RMB outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source RMB to perform its obligations under RMB 
Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross-border RMB fund flows, the 
availability of RMB outside of the PRC is limited. Currently, licensed banks in Singapore, Hong Kong and 
Taiwan may offer limited RMB-denominated banking services to Singapore residents, Hong Kong residents, 
Taiwan residents and specified business customers. The People's Bank of China ("PBOC") has also 
established a RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, 
London, Frankfurt and Seoul. Each of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Singapore Branch, Bank 
of China (Hong Kong) Limited, Bank of China, Taipei Branch, China Construction Bank (London) Limited, 
Bank of China, Frankfurt Branch and Bank of Communications, Seoul Branch (each an "RMB Clearing 
Bank") has entered into settlement agreements with the PBOC to act as the RMB clearing bank in 
Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan, London, Frankfurt and Seoul, respectively.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
However, the current size of RMB-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. RMB business 
participating banks do not have direct RMB liquidity support from the PBOC. They are only allowed to square 
their open positions with the relevant RMB Clearing Bank after consolidating the RMB trade position of 
banks outside Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan, London, Frankfurt and Seoul that are in the same bank group 
of the participating bank concerned with their own trade position and the relevant RMB Clearing Bank only 
has access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC for the purposes of squaring open positions of 
participating banks for limited types of transactions, including open positions resulting from conversion 
services for corporations relating to cross-border trade settlement. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank is not 
obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange 
transactions or conversion services and the participating banks will need to source RMB from the offshore 
market to square such open positions.  
Although it is expected that the offshore RMB market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no 
assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the settlement agreements will not be 
terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of RMB offshore. The 
limited availability of RMB outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes. To the extent the 
Issuer is required to source RMB in the offshore market to service its RMB Notes, there is no assurance that 
the Issuer will be able to source such RMB on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
The value of the RMB against the euro and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other 
factors. Except in the limited circumstances as described in the Conditions, the Issuer will make all payments 
of interest and principal with respect to the RMB Notes in RMB. As a result, the value of these RMB payments 
in euro or other applicable foreign currency terms may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the 
marketplace. If the value of RMB depreciates against the euro or other applicable foreign currency, the value 
of a noteholder's investment in euro or other applicable foreign currency terms will decline. 
If the Issuer cannot obtain RMB and is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay 
interest and principal on the RMB Notes when due, in whole or in part, in RMB in the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre as a result of Inconvertibility, Non transferability or Illiquidity (each, as defined in § 4(7)(d) 
in the Terms and Conditions of Option I), the Issuer shall be entitled to postpone any such payment or, on 
giving not less than five or more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the noteholders prior to the due date for 
payment, to settle any such payment, in whole or in part, in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Option I) of any such interest or principal amount 
otherwise payable in RMB, as the case may be. The Issuer may early terminate the RMB Notes if it decides 
to settle payments at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent due to Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity. 
Resolutions of Holders 
Since the Notes provide for meetings of Holders or the taking of votes without a meeting, a Holder is subject 
to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Holders. As such majority resolution is binding 
on all Holders, certain rights of such Holder against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions may be 
amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
Holders' Representative 
Since the Notes provide for the appointment of a Holders' Representative, either in the Terms and Conditions 
or by a majority resolution of the Holders, it is possible that a Holder may be deprived of its individual right 
to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right passing to 
the Holders' Representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the 
Holders. 
The Guarantee, if applicable, may also be amended with the consent of a majority resolution of the Holders 
in accordance with the German Act on Issues of Debt Securities (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz). Therefore, 
the same risks apply to changes of the Guarantee; if applicable. 
3. 
Risks related to the Guarantor and the Guarantee 
All debt securities of BASF Finance (such as the Notes) are wholly and unconditionally guaranteed by BASF 
SE in respect of principal and interest payments. This Guarantee is enforceable under the laws of Germany. 
For the risk factors regarding BASF SE and BASF Group please see the separate section above.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
4. 
Other related Risks 
Risks associated with Notes with a specific use of proceeds, such as green bonds 
The Final Terms relating to any series of Notes issued under the Program may provide that it will be the 
relevant Issuer's intention to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds from an offer of such Notes 
("Green Bonds") specifically to finance and/or refinance in whole or in part new or existing projects and 
activities that promote climate-friendly, other environmental, sustainable and social purposes ("Eligible 
Projects"). BASF Group has established a framework for such issuances which further specifies the 
eligibility criteria for such Eligible Projects (the "Green Finance Framework"). The Green Finance 
Framework is accessible on the website of BASF (https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/creditor-
relations/basf-bonds/green-finance.html). For the avoidance of doubt, the Green Finance Framework, the 
content of the website and any other document related thereto including the Second-Party Opinion (as 
defined below), any footnotes, links to the relevant Issuer's website and/or progress and impact assessment 
reports are not, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the applicable Final Terms and the 
Green Finance Framework regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information (in particular, regarding the reasons for the offer and the use of proceeds) for 
the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. Investors should also note that the Green Finance Framework may be updated at any time, and 
that such updated Green Finance Framework will then apply to any green bonds, newly issued or 
outstanding. 
Due to the envisaged use of proceeds from the issuance of such Notes, the relevant Issuer may refer to 
such Notes as, e.g., "green bonds". It should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, 
and market consensus as to what constitutes, or may be classified as "green" or "sustainable" or "social" or 
an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as "green" or "sustainable" or "social" or such other equivalent label is currently under development 
and no assurance can be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. As of the 
date of this Prospectus, green bond issues are subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory 
initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies and objectives, including but not limited to the 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council ("EU Taxonomy") (which 
established a list of environmentally sustainability activities by defining technical screening criteria for each 
environmental objective) and any related technical screening criteria, and the Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 
on European green bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and 
for sustainability-linked bonds which will apply from December 21, 2024 (the "EU Green Bond Regulation") 
(which aims to provide a more extensive and uniform framework based on the EU Taxonomy by introducing 
a standard for companies and public authorities issuing European green bonds). Currently the green bond 
market is mainly organized through market-based and industry group standards. These include the ICMA's 
Green Bond Principles and the Climate Bond Initiative's Climate Bond Standard which are voluntary 
standards that significantly supported the growth of the green bond market to date. In any event, even if 
such voluntary or regulatory initiatives should arrive at a definition of "green" (or any equivalent label), e.g., 
following the entering into force of the EU Green Bond Regulation, they are not necessarily meant to apply 
to the Notes, nor will the relevant Issuer necessarily seek compliance for any of the Notes with all or some 
of such rules, guidelines, standards, taxonomies or objectives. 
Against this background, and while the green bond standards appear to develop at a higher pace now and 
should become more precise and more uniform in the near future, in particular following the entering into 
force of the EU Green Bond Regulation, none of the Issuers, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Arranger or 
the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any environmental or sustainability assessment of any Notes 
issued as green bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet 
any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable" or similar labels, including 
in relation to the EU Taxonomy, the EU Green Bond Regulation, Regulation (EU) 2019/2088, as amended, 
on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector and any implementing legislation and 
guidelines or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. 
Furthermore, no assurance or representation is given that any Notes issued as described in the Green 
Finance Framework will, at any time, be compliant with the EU Green Bond Regulation and/or the EU 
Taxonomy nor is the relevant Issuer under any obligation to take steps to have any such green bonds or 
any other Notes become eligible for a designation of "European Green Bond" or "EuGB". It can also not be 
excluded that the establishment of the EU Green Bond Regulation might have a negative effect on the 
trading and market value of green bonds issued by the relevant Issuer, if they do not conform with the 
requirements of such standard. 
Due to the still pending legislative initiatives, in particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable), the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Projects

--- Page 23 ---
23 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible 
Projects. No assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses which are the subject of, or 
are related to, any Eligible Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental 
and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses which are the subject 
of, or are related to, any Eligible Projects. Also, the criteria for what constitutes an Eligible Project may be 
changed from time to time and cannot be predicted. 
The performance of any Green Bond is not linked to the performance of the relevant portfolio of Eligible 
Projects or the performance of the relevant Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There 
will be no segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of any Green Bond and the portfolio of Eligible 
Projects. Consequently, neither payments of principal and/or interest on any Green Bond nor any rights of 
Holders of any Green Bond shall depend on the performance of the relevant portfolio of Eligible Projects or 
the performance of the relevant Issuer in respect of any such environmental or similar targets. Holders of 
any Green Bond shall have no preferential rights or priority against the assets of any portfolio of Eligible 
Projects nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance the performance of any Green Bond. 
Application of an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of such Green Bonds for Eligible Projects will not 
result in any security, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance of such assets for the benefit of the holders 
of any such Notes, nor will the performance of such projects or assets give rise to any specific claims under 
the Notes or attribution of losses in respect of the Notes. 
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds, the relevant Issuer may also annually provide information on 
the allocation of the net proceeds from the Green Bonds until full allocation, or until maturity. Further, the 
relevant Issuer may report on the related environmental impact of the (re-)financed Eligible Projects. Such 
reports are not incorporated in, and do not form part of, this Prospectus. Such reports are not a 
recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any 
reports for the purpose of any investment in Green Bonds. In particular, no assurance or representation is 
made or given by the Issuers, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person 
that any such reports reflect any present or future requirements, investment criteria or guidelines which may 
apply to any investor or its investments. In addition, it would not constitute an event of default under the 
terms of the Green Bonds if the relevant Issuer was to fail to observe the provisions in the Final Terms for 
the Green Bonds relating to the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds or the Issuer's intentions as regards 
reporting. 
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria, opinions or certifications of third parties (whether 
or not solicited by the Issuers), including but not limited to the second-party opinion issued by ISS Corporate 
Solutions, Inc., (the "Second-Party Opinion") may be made available to the Issuers (any such opinion or 
certification a "Third-Party Opinion"). For the avoidance of doubt, any such Third-Party Opinion is not, nor 
shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. Such Third-Party Opinion 
provides an opinion on certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any 
credit, market or other aspects of an investment in green bonds including without limitation market price, 
marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. Such Third-Party Opinion is a statement of 
opinion, not a statement of fact. Any such Third-Party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Arranger, the Dealer or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such Third-Party Opinion is only current as of the date that Third-
Party Opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of 
any such Third-Party Opinion and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such Third-
Party Opinion for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such Third-Party 
Opinions are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Neither the Issuers nor the 
Guarantor (if applicable) nor any of the Dealers are responsible for any Third-Party Opinion or other third-
party assessment of the Green Bonds. Nor is any Dealer responsible for any assessment of the Green 
Bonds, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. No assurance or representation is given by the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any such Third-Party Opinion. In particular, no assurance or representation is made 
or given that any such Third-Party Opinion reflects any present or future requirements, investment criteria 
or guidelines which may apply to any investor or its investments. Holders of Green Bonds will have no 
recourse against the provider(s) of any Third-Party Opinion.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
In the event that any of the Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other similarly labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), or are included in any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled index including without limitation the Luxembourg Green Exchange ("LGX"), no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuers, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Dealers or any other 
person that such listing or admission, or inclusion in such index, satisfies any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by 
its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or 
related to, any Eligible Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listing or 
admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another and also the criteria 
for inclusion in such index may vary from one index to another. No representation or assurance is given or 
made by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Dealers or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in any such index, will be obtained in respect of Green Bonds or, 
if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in such index, will be maintained during 
the life of Green Bonds.  
While it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Notes 
so specified for Eligible Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, 
Final Terms, the Green Finance Framework and the section "Use of Proceeds", there can be no assurance 
by the Issuers, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that the relevant 
project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects will be capable of being implemented 
in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such 
proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Projects. Nor can there be any assurance by 
the Issuers, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any other person that such Eligible Projects will be completed 
within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) 
as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer or that no adverse environmental, social and/or other 
events will occur during the implementation of any Eligible Projects.  
Under its terms and conditions Green Bonds may provide for the right of the relevant Issuer to redeem the 
Green Bonds early. If such redemption occurs prior to the full allocation of the proceeds of such Green Bond, 
such allocation may not take place in full or not at all and, in that case, the Green Bond may no longer be 
able to contribute to any Eligible Projects.  
Any such event or failure of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) to observe the provisions set out in 
the Final Terms for the Green Bonds relating to the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds or the Issuer's 
intentions as regards reporting, any negative change to, or withdrawal or suspension of, any Third-Party 
Opinion, the issuance of a new Third-Party Opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying 
in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or 
any green bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market 
as aforesaid will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes but may have a material adverse effect 
on the value of the Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to 
finance Eligible Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE PROSPECTUS 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes issued 
under the Program is entitled to use the Prospectus in Germany, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the 
Republic of Austria, the Republic of Ireland and The Netherlands or such other Member State whose 
competent authorities have been notified of the approval of this Prospectus for the subsequent resale or 
final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (as determined in the applicable 
Final Terms) during which subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes can be made, provided 
however, that the Prospectus is still valid in accordance with Article 12 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of BASF and BASF Finance accepts responsibility for the information given in this Prospectus also 
with respect to such subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes. 
The Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before 
such delivery. Any supplement to the Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of BASF Group (www.basf.com). 
When using the Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain 
that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions, including with 
the restrictions specified in the "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS" and the 
"PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS" legends set out on the cover page of the 
applicable Final Terms, if any. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer 
and/or the further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and 
conditions of the Notes at the time of that offer. 
Any Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary using the Prospectus shall state on its website 
that it uses the Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this 
consent.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
BASF SE AS ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
The following selected financial data for the years 2023 and 2022 are excerpted from the Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
of 
BASF 
Group, 
which 
have 
been 
audited 
by 
KPMG 
AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft ("KPMG"), THE SQUAIRE, Am Flughafen, 60549 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany, as the independent registered public accounting firm for BASF and for which unqualified auditor's 
reports have been issued in each case. Financial data for the nine-month period ended on September 30, 
2024 has been extracted from the condensed interim consolidated financial information as of and for the 
nine-months period ended September 30, 2024, consisting of a statement of income, a balance sheet, a 
statement of cash flows and selected key figures excluding precious metals (together, the "Unaudited 
Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Information") as presented in the Quarterly Statement Q3 of 
BASF Group and has neither been audited nor reviewed. 
The statutory auditors of BASF Group as of and for the financial year ended December 31, 2022, and 2023 
were KPMG. The statutory auditors of BASF Group as of January 1, 2024, are Deloitte GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft ("Deloitte"), Europa-Allee 91, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany.  
KPMG and Deloitte are both members of the Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer, 
Körperschaft des öffentlichen Rechts). The accounting and reporting of the BASF Group is performed 
according to International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), as adopted in the European Union. 
For further information, please see Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements 2023 and 2022 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.  
The financial information marked as "audited" in tables in this Prospectus is extracted from the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of BASF Group for the years 2023 and 2022. Financial information marked as 
"unaudited" in tables in this Prospectus is not extracted from the Consolidated Financial Statements of BASF 
Group for the years 2023 and 2022 and is either extracted from the Unaudited Condensed Interim 
Consolidated Financial Information as of and for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, its 
internal accounting records or reporting systems or is based on calculations of financial information of the 
abovementioned sources. 
Investors should read the information below together with the consolidated financial statements of BASF 
Group, including the notes and restatement remarks thereto, and the other financial information that is 
included elsewhere in, or incorporated by reference into, this Prospectus. 
The financial year of BASF Group is the calendar year. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
BASF GROUP 
 
 
 
January 1, 2023 – 
December 31, 2023 
January 1, 2022 – 
December 31, 2022 
 
million EUR 
audited 
Sales revenue 
68,902 
87,327 
Income from operations (EBIT) 
2,240 
6,548 
Net income 
225 
(627) 
Cash flows from operating activities 
8,111 
7,709 
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
December 31, 2022 
 
million EUR 
audited 
Total assets 
77,395 
84,472 
Equity 
36,646 
40,923 
Noncurrent liabilities 
24,879 
23,110 
Current liabilities 
15,871 
20,440

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
January 1, 2024 -  
September 30, 2024 
January 1, 2023 - 
September 30, 2023 
 
million EUR 
(unaudited) 
Sales revenue 
49,403 
53,031 
Income from operations (EBIT)1 
2,455 
3,235 
Net income 
2,084 
1,812 
Cash flows from operating activities 
3,489 
3,848 
 
 
September 30, 2024 
September 30, 2023 
 
million EUR 
(unaudited) 
Total assets 
79,359 
82,603 
Equity 
36,045 
40,270 
Noncurrent liabilities 
26,326 
25,035 
Current liabilities 
16,988 
17,298 
 
1 
"EBIT" is defined as income from operations. 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES ("APM") 
The Prospectus also uses the following alternative performance measures, not defined by IFRS, to describe 
the BASF Group's results of operations. These should not be viewed in isolation but treated as 
supplementary information. 
BASF has further developed its financial steering concept for the financial years from 2024 onward and will 
differentiate between short-term and medium-term steering more clearly than before. The two new most 
important financial key performance indicators for BASF's Group steering are now income from operations 
before depreciation, amortization and special items (EBITDA before special items) as well as free cash flow. 
Return on capital employed ("ROCE"), the most important financial key performance indicator up to and 
including the 2023 business year, is significantly influenced by strategic decisions such as acquisitions and 
divestitures as well as investments. Short-term influencing factors, such as the development of earnings or 
current operating assets, can be better controlled directly via earnings or cash flow figures. ROCE remains 
a medium-term key financial target for the BASF Group as it emphasizes the importance of managing 
BASF's return on capital employed over time. 
The special items used below to calculate some alternative performance measures arise from the integration 
of acquired businesses, restructuring measures, impairments, gains or losses resulting from divestitures 
and sales of shareholdings, and other material expenses and income that generally do not arise in 
conjunction with ordinary business activities. 
Adjusting for special items makes EBIT before special items an especially suitable figure for illustrating the 
development of operating business over time as well as for forecasts. It is therefore among the most 
important performance measures for managing the BASF Group. 
Income from operations before depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) describes operational performance 
independently of age-related amortization and depreciation of assets and any valuation allowances 
(impairments or write-ups). 
The values for the respective APM for the third quarters of 2024 and 2023 are shown on page 4 of the 
Quarterly Statement Q3 2024. The values for the respective APM's for the fiscal years 2023 and 2022 as 
well as for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 are shown below. 
 
 
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items (million EUR)* 
 
 
January 1, 2023 – 
December 31, 2023 
(audited) 
January 1, 2022 –  
December 31, 2022 
(audited) 
Income from operations (EBIT) 
2,240 
6,548 
Special items 
(1,566) 
(330) 
EBIT before special items 
3,806 
6,878

--- Page 28 ---
28 
Income from operations before depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) (million EUR) 
 
 
January 1, 2023 – 
December 31, 2023 
(audited) 
January 1, 2022 –  
December 31, 2022 
(audited) 
Income from operations (EBIT) 
2,240 
6,548 
Depreciation, amortization, impairments and 
reversals of impairments on property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets 
4,941 
4,200 
EBITDA 
7,180 
10,748 
 
 
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items (million EUR) 
 
 
January 1, 2024 – 
September 30, 2024 
(unaudited) 
January 1, 2023 – 
September 30, 2023 
(unaudited) 
Income from operations (EBIT) 
2,455 
3,235 
Special items 
(902) 
(279) 
  EBIT before special items 
3,357 
3,514 
 
 
Income from operations before depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) (million EUR) 
 
 
January 1, 2024 – 
September 30, 2024 
(unaudited) 
January 1, 2023 – 
September 30, 2023 
(unaudited) 
Income from operations (EBIT) 
2,455 
3,235 
Depreciation and amortization on, impairments 
and reversals of impairments on property, plant 
and equipment and intangible assets 
3,039 
2,846 
  EBITDA 
5,494 
6,081 
 
 
Return on capital employed (ROCE) (million EUR) 
 
 
 
January 1, 2023 –  
December 31, 2023 
(audited) 
January 1, 2022 –  
December 31, 2022 
(audited) 
EBIT of BASF Group 
2,240 
6,548 
EBIT of Other 
(778) 
(523) 
EBIT of Segments 
3,018 
7,070 
Cost of capital basis of segments, average of 
month-end figures 
66,687 
70,982 
ROCE in % 
4.5 
10.0 
 
 
Capital employed (million EUR) 
 
 
January 1, 2023 – 
December 31, 2023 
(audited) 
January 1, 2022 –  
December 31, 2022 
(audited) 
Intangible assets 
12,733 
13,576 
Property, plant and equipment 
22,425 
21,374 
Integral Investments accounted for using the 
equity method 
1,753 
2,052 
Inventories 
14,961 
15,608 
Accounts receivables, trade 
11,989 
13,919 
Current and noncurrent other receivables and 
other assets* 
2,827 
4,309 
Assets of disposal groups 
- 
144 
Cost of capital basis of segments, average 
of month-end figures 
66,687 
70,982

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
January 1, 2023 – 
December 31, 2023 
(audited) 
January 1, 2022 –  
December 31, 2022 
(audited) 
Deviation from cost of capital basis at closing 
rates as of December 31 
(3,959) 
(3,300) 
Assets not included in the cost of capital  
14,667 
16,791 
Assets of the BASF Group as of Dec 31 
77,395 
84,472 
 
* Including customer/supplier financing and other adjustments 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The audited consolidated financial statements of BASF Group for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 
2022, and the auditors' report thereon, together contained in the BASF Report 2022 on pages 195-290, are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of BASF Group for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 
2023, and the auditors' report thereon, together contained in the BASF Report 2023 on pages 219-315, are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
The unaudited interim consolidated financial information of BASF Group as of September 30, 2024, 
consisting of the Unaudited Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Information as presented in the 
Quarterly Statement Q3 2024 of BASF Group on pages 27-29, are incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT BASF SE 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE ISSUER 
On April 6, 1865, the Badische Anilin- & Sodafabrik ("Baden Aniline and Soda Factory") was founded in 
Mannheim, Germany. BASF was incorporated as a stock corporation under the laws of Germany on January 
30, 1952 under the name "Badische Anilin- und Soda-Fabrik AG". In 1973, BASF changed its name to BASF 
Aktiengesellschaft. BASF Aktiengesellschaft was registered until January 14, 2008, in the commercial 
register (Handelsregister) of the local court (Amtsgericht) Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany, under the 
entry number HRB 3000. 
The Annual Shareholders' Meeting of BASF shareholders on April 26, 2007, approved the proposal of the 
Board of Executive Directors and the Supervisory Board to convert BASF Aktiengesellschaft into a European 
Company (Societas Europaea, SE) with the name BASF SE. BASF SE is registered as of January 14, 2008, 
in the new legal form of a European Company (Societas Europaea, SE) in the commercial register 
(Handelsregister) of the local court (Amtsgericht) of Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany, under the entry 
number HRB 6000. As set forth in Art. 37 para. 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 2157/2001 of October 8, 
2001, on the Statute for a European Company (SE) this conversion neither resulted in the dissolution of the 
company nor in the establishment of a new legal person. Therefore, through such conversion BASF SE is 
the same legal person as BASF Aktiengesellschaft. 
The legal foundations of BASF SE's corporate constitution are primarily the SE Council Regulation of the 
European Union, the German SE Implementation Act and the German Stock Corporation Act. Despite these 
new legal foundations, the previous fundamental elements of BASF Aktiengesellschaft's corporate 
constitution remain unchanged in BASF SE: these are the two-tier system consisting of BASF's Board of 
Executive Directors and the Supervisory Board, the equal representation of shareholders and employees in 
the Supervisory Board and the shareholders' rights of co-administration and supervision at the Annual 
Shareholders' Meeting. 
BASF's headquarter is located in Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany; its registered office is located at Carl-
Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany, telephone 0049-621-60-0. It operates under 
German law. Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of BASF is 529900PM64WH8AF1E917. The website of BASF is 
www.basf.com. The information on this website does not form part of the Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the Commission, unless specifically incorporated by reference into the 
Prospectus. 
Corporate purpose 
Pursuant to Article 2 of its Articles of Association: 
1. 
The purpose of BASF is to engage in the following areas of activity:

--- Page 30 ---
30 
• chemistry and related areas, 
• agriculture and nutrition,  
• extraction and production of and dealing in oil, natural gas, mineral oil products and energies,  
• development and production of and dealing in products and the provision of services in the area of 
environmental technology,  
as well as the carrying out of any other activities incidental to the activity in said areas or conducive to 
promoting the same.  
2. 
BASF is authorized to establish branches both in Germany and abroad, and to establish and acquire 
business undertakings whose purposes are consistent with, related to or conducive to promoting the 
ones stipulated in No. 1, both in Germany and abroad, or to acquire interests therein.  
Term and dissolution 
BASF has been established for an indefinite period of time. BASF may be dissolved upon a resolution of the 
Shareholders' Meeting requiring a majority of at least three quarters of the share capital represented during 
the resolution. The assets of BASF remaining after servicing all liabilities are distributed among the 
shareholders pro rata to their shareholding in BASF pursuant to the provisions of the German Stock 
Corporation Act. 
Share capital 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the fully paid share capital of BASF amounts to EUR 1,142,428,369.92 
divided into 892,522,164 registered shares with no par value (Namensaktien) ("BASF Share(s)"). BASF SE 
no longer holds treasury shares as all have been redeemed. 
All of the BASF Shares are ordinary registered shares. Shareholders are obliged to have themselves 
registered with their shares into the company share register and to provide the information necessary for 
registration in the share register according to the German Stock Corporation Act. Only the persons listed in 
the share register are entitled to participate in the Annual Shareholders' Meetings and to vote as 
shareholders. Each BASF Share represents one vote. 
At the Annual Shareholders' Meeting of April 29, 2022, shareholders authorized the Board of Executive 
Directors, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to issue, on a one-off basis or in portions on more 
than one occasion, bearer or registered convertible bonds and/or bonds with warrants, or combinations of 
these instruments, with or without maturity limitations up to a nominal value of EUR 10,000,000,000 through 
April 28, 2027. The calculated portion of the share capital represented by the BASF shares to be issued in 
connection with the debt instruments issued under this authorization may not exceed 10% of share capital. 
Taking into account the recent change in share capital, this means the share capital was increased 
conditionally by up to EUR 114,242,836 by issuing a maximum of 89,252,216 new registered BASF shares. 
The conditional capital increase will only be carried out to the extent to which holders of convertible bonds, 
or warrants attached to bonds with warrants issued, exercise their conversion or option rights. Until now, 
this authorization has not been exercised. 
At the Annual Shareholders' Meeting of April 29, 2022, The Board of Executive Directors was authorized to 
buy back shares up to April 28, 2027, in an amount of up to 10% of BASF's share capital at the time that the 
resolution was passed, or – in the event this amount is lower – of the share capital at the time that the 
authorization is exercised. The acquired shares in combination with other shares BASF previously acquired 
and still holds or shares attributable to the company in accordance with Sections 71a et seq. of the German 
Stock Corporation Act may at no point exceed 10% of the share capital. 
The shares are to be bought back at the discretion of the Board of Executive Directors (i) via the stock 
exchange, (ii) via a public purchase offer addressed to all shareholders, (iii) via a public request to the 
shareholders to submit sales offers or (iv) by other means in accordance with Section 53a of the German 
Stock Corporation Act ((ii) and (iii) hereinafter referred to as "public acquisition offer"). 
On January 4, 2022, the Board of Executive Directors of BASF SE resolved on a share buyback program 
with a volume of up to €3 billion which started on January 11, 2022, and is to be completed by December 
2023. The share buyback program was initially based on the authorization by the Annual Shareholders' 
Meeting on May 12, 2017. The program was continued after the renewed authorization to purchase own 
shares had been granted by the Annual Shareholders' Meeting of BASF SE on April 29, 2022.  
On February 24, 2023, in line with the company's priorities for the use of cash and in view of the profound 
changes in the global economy in the course of 2022, the Board of Executive Directors of BASF SE decided

--- Page 31 ---
31 
to terminate the share buyback program ahead of schedule. The volume of shares which have been bought 
back within the framework of the share buyback program in the period from January 11, 2022, until and 
including February 17, 2023, amounts to a number of 25,804,062 shares; this corresponds to 2.8% of the 
share capital on announcement of the program. The purchase price for these own shares totaled around 
€1.4 billion. 
The authorization granted to the Board of Executive Directors by the Annual Shareholders' Meeting on May 3, 
2019, to increase, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, on a one-off basis or in portions on a number 
of occasions, the company's subscribed capital by €470,000,000 by issuing new shares against 
contributions in cash or in kind and hereby to also exclude the statutory subscription rights of shareholders 
in certain instances (Authorized Capital 2019) expired on May 2, 2024. The authorization has not been 
exercised. 
At the Annual Shareholders' Meeting of April 25, 2024, the shareholders authorized the Board of Executive 
Directors, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, to increase up to April 24, 2029, on a one-off basis or 
in portions on a number of occasions, the company's subscribed capital by a total of up to €300,000,000 by 
issuing new registered shares with no par value against contributions in cash or in kind (Authorized Capital 
2024). In principle, shareholders are entitled to a subscription right. The new shares can be taken over by a 
bank appointed by the Board of Executive Directors with instructions to offer them to the shareholders 
(indirect subscription right). However, the Board of Executive Directors is authorized, with the consent of the 
Supervisory Board, to exclude the subscription right of the shareholders. 
BASF Group continually reviews its businesses and aligns them to achieve profitable and sustainable growth. 
BASF Group's significant recent acquisitions and divestitures are listed below: 
Acquisitions / Divestitures 
As of the date of this Prospectus, BASF Group acquired/formed joint ventures with the following businesses:  
• On September 3, 2024, the sale of Wintershall Dea's exploration and production business (the "E&P 
business") excluding Russia-related activities to Harbour Energy plc, London/United Kingdom, was 
completed. The E&P business consists of production and development assets, exploration rights and 
licenses from Wintershall Dea for the storage of carbon dioxide. In return, the shareholders of Wintershall 
Dea - BASF (72.7%) and LetterOne (27.3%) received a total cash payment of $1.76 billion (BASF share: 
$1.28 billion), including purchase price adjustment, and new shares issued by Harbour Energy plc 
representing a total 54.5% stake in the enlarged Harbour company (BASF share: 39.6%). With this 
divestiture, BASF took the decisive step toward achieving final separation from the oil and gas business. 
• On April 22, 2024, BASF acquired 49% of shares of a shareholding in Vattenfall's Nordlicht 1 and 2 wind 
farm projects. The transaction is not being reported as an acquisition. The acquired shares are accounted 
for using the equity method. The purchase price was €501 million and was cash-effective in full. 
• On July 31, 2023, BASF and Huntsman Corporation, together with their Chinese partner companies, 
announced the separation of their joint MDI production at the Shanghai Lianheng Isocyanate Co., Ltd. 
joint venture. BASF took over one of the two MDI plants, including production plants for the precursors 
aniline and nitrobenzene as well as the employees in production. The transaction was completed on 
January 31, 2024. The purchase price was €192 million and was cash-effective in full. It is attributable 
entirely to the two plants and, to a lesser extent, to inventories. 
• Together with Heraeus, Hanau, Germany, BASF announced on February 11, 2022, the formation of a 
joint venture (BASF: 50%; Heraeus: 50%) to recover precious metals from spent automotive catalysts. 
BASF HERAEUS (China) Metal Resource Co., Ltd., based in Pinghu, China, where a new plant for 
recovering precious metals from spent automotive catalysts will also be built by 2023. 
BASF Group divested / is in the process of divesting the following activities: 
• The divestiture of BASF's nickel-based catalysts production site in De Meern, Netherlands, to IQatalyst 
B.V., a subsidiary of ASC Investment Sarl, Luxembourg, which had been announced in July 2022, was 
closed on August 31, 2023. BASF had decided to divest the site and the related Fischer-Tropsch and 
FOCAT1 portfolio to increase the efficiency of its global chemical catalysts production network. The site 
was part of BASF's Catalysts division until the completion of the divestiture process. The transaction 
mainly covered production plants, including the associated infrastructure and inventories, as well as the 
transfer of the employees working at the site. 
• On October 31, 2022, BASF closed the divestiture of its Quincy, Florida site and corresponding 
attapulgite business to Clariant Corporation, Louisville, Kentucky. The Quincy site produces clay-based 
mineral products for a wide range of industrial applications. Until its sale, the site was part of the 
Dispersions & Resins division and employed around 75 people. The purchase price was $60 million.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
• On September 30, 2022, BASF completed the divestiture of its kaolin minerals business to KaMin 
LLC./CADAM S.A., a global performance minerals company headquartered in Macon, Georgia. The 
divestiture comprised the production hub with sites in Daveyville, Toddville, Edgar, Gordon and related 
mines, reserves, and mills in Toomsboro and Sandersville in Georgia. The refinery catalysts operations 
located at the same site were not part of the divestiture. Until the divestiture, the kaolin minerals business 
was part of the Performance Chemicals division. The purchase price on a cash and debt-free basis was 
€225 million. 
• On July 19, 2022, BASF and ASC Investment Sarl, Luxembourg, signed an agreement on the sale of 
BASF's production site in De Meern, Netherlands, to ASC. The site produces nickel-based catalysts and 
is part of the Catalysts division. The transaction mainly covers production facilities, including the 
associated infrastructure and inventories, as well as the employees working at the site. The transaction 
is expected to close in the third quarter of 2023. 
• On April 12, 2022, BASF completed the sale of a 25.2% interest in the Hollandse Kust Zuid wind farm to 
Allianz Capital Partners (on behalf of Allianz Insurance Companies). Since then, BASF's remaining 
shares in the company holding the interest in the wind farm, HKZ Investor Holding B.V., have been 
accounted for using the equity method. 
BASF financing policy remains unchanged: 
BASF's financing policy aims to ensure BASF's solvency at all times, limiting the risks associated with 
financing and optimizing its cost of capital. BASF preferably meets its external financing needs on the 
international capital markets. 
BASF strives to maintain a solid "A" rating, which ensures unrestricted access to financial and capital 
markets. BASF's financing measures are aligned with its operational business planning as well as the 
company's strategic direction and also ensure the financial flexibility to take advantage of strategic options. 
BASF has solid financing. Corporate bonds form the basis of BASF's medium to long-term debt financing. 
These are issued in euros and other currencies with different maturities as part of the €20 billion debt 
issuance program. The goal is to create a balanced maturity profile, diversify BASF's investor base and 
optimize its debt capital financing conditions. 
Capitalization and financial indebtedness 
The following table sets forth the consolidated capitalization of BASF Group as of December 31, 2023, and 
September 30, 2024: 
Equity and liabilities (million EUR) 
 
 
 
September 30, 2024 
unaudited 
December 31, 2023 
audited 
Equity 
 
 
Subscribed capital 
1,142 
1,142 
Capital reserves 
3,139 
3,139 
Retained earnings 
31,654 
32,517 
Other comprehensive income 
(1,198) 
(1,521) 
Non-controlling interests 
1,308 
1,368 
 
 
 
Noncurrent liabilities 
 
 
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 
2,525 
2,896 
Deferred tax liabilities 
885 
1,140 
Tax provisions 
337 
335 
Other provisions 
1,871 
1,684 
Financial indebtedness 
19,042 
17,085 
Other liabilities 
1,667 
1,739 
 
 
 
Current liabilities 
 
 
Accounts payable, trade 
5,854 
6,741 
Provisions 
4,013 
3,241

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Equity and liabilities (million EUR) 
 
 
 
September 30, 2024 
unaudited 
December 31, 2023 
audited 
Tax liabilities 
969 
801 
Financial indebtedness 
3,267 
2,182 
Other liabilities 
2,885 
2,931 
 
 
 
Total equity and liabilities 
79,359 
77,395 
 
The following table sets forth the consolidated capitalization, contingent liabilities and comprehensive 
income of BASF Group as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022: 
Equity and liabilities (million EUR) 
 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
 
audited 
December 31, 
2022 
audited 
Equity 
 
 
Subscribed capital 
1,142 
1,144 
Capital reserves 
3,139 
3,147 
Retained earnings 
32,517 
35,453 
Other comprehensive income 
(1,521) 
(171) 
Non-controlling interest 
1,368 
1,350 
 
 
 
Noncurrent liabilities 
 
 
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 
2,896 
2,810 
Other provisions 
1,684 
1,650 
Tax provisions and deferred tax liabilities 
1,475 
1,873 
Financial indebtedness 
17,085 
15,171 
Other liabilities 
1,739 
1,606 
 
 
 
Current liabilities 
 
 
Accounts payable, trade 
6,741 
8,434 
Provisions 
3,241 
3,799 
Tax liabilities 
801 
995 
Financial indebtedness 
2,182 
3,844 
Other liabilities 
2,931 
3,368 
 
 
 
Equity and liabilities 
77,395 
84,472 
 
Contingent liabilities (million EUR) 
December 31, 2023 
audited 
December 31, 2022 
audited 
Bills of exchange 
1 
5 
Guarantees 
30 
41 
Warranties 
30 
33 
Collateral granted on behalf of third-party liabilities 
- 
1 
Total 
61 
80 
 
Statement of comprehensive income (million EUR) 
 
 
 
January 1, 2023 – 
December 31, 2023 
audited 
January 1, 2022 – 
December 31, 2022 
audited 
Income after taxes 
379 
(391) 
 
 
 
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans 
(674) 
3,758 
Deferred taxes on non-reclassifiable gains/losses 
100 
(1,256) 
Non-reclassifiable gains/losses after taxes from equity-
accounted investments 
(196) 
83 
Non-reclassifiable gains/losses 
(771) 
2,586

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Statement of comprehensive income (million EUR) 
 
 
 
January 1, 2023 – 
December 31, 2023 
audited 
January 1, 2022 – 
December 31, 2022 
audited 
Unrealized gains/losses from debt instruments measured 
at fair value through other comprehensive income 
11 
- 
Unrealized gains/losses from cash flow hedges 
(78) 
510 
Reclassifications of realized gains/losses recognized in 
the income statement 
(13) 
(455) 
Unrealized gains/losses from currency translation 
(1,072) 
565 
Reclassification of realized gains/losses from currency 
translation recognized in the statement of income 
- 
- 
Deferred taxes for gains/losses that can be reclassified 
18 
(15) 
Reclassifiable gains/losses after taxes from equity-
accounted shareholdings 
354 
604 
Reclassifiable gains / losses 
(780) 
1,209 
Other comprehensive income after tax 
(1,551) 
3,794 
 
 
 
Comprehensive income 
(1,172) 
3,403 
Dividend policy 
The Board of Executive Directors and the Supervisory Board of BASF propose dividends based on BASF 
SE's year-end unconsolidated financial statements. The proposal is then voted on at BASF's Annual 
Shareholders' Meeting. The Annual Shareholders' Meeting is usually convened during the second quarter 
of each year. On September 26, 2024, BASF announced, together with the new strategy 'Winning Ways', 
that it aims to pay an annual dividend of at least €2.25 per share. 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
BASF SE is the largest operating company and the ultimate parent company of the BASF Group. BASF 
Group is a transnational chemical company that comprises the parent company and 260 fully consolidated 
subsidiaries including BASF SE as of December 31, 2023. In addition, nine joint operations are consolidated 
on a proportional basis, and 21 companies are accounted for using the equity method. 
BASF has twelve divisions grouped into six segments as follows: 
• Chemicals: Petrochemicals and Intermediates 
• Materials: Performance Materials and Monomers 
• Industrial Solutions: Dispersions & Resins and Performance Chemicals 
• Surface Technologies: Environmental Catalyst & Metal Solutions, Battery Materials and Coatings 
• Nutrition & Care: Care Chemicals and Nutrition & Health 
• Agricultural Solutions: Agricultural Solutions 
In line with the new strategy presented during BASF's Capital Markets Day on September 26 and 27, 2024, 
BASF will in future differentiate between core businesses (Chemicals, Materials, Industrial Solutions and 
Nutrition & Care) and standalone businesses (Environmental Catalyst and Metal Solutions, Battery 
Materials, Coatings and Agricultural Solutions) that serve distinct industries. As of January 1, 2025, 
Environmental Catalyst and Metal Solutions as well as Battery Materials will be reported as separate 
divisions in the Surface Technologies segment. Additionally, the chemical and refinery catalysts business, 
formerly part of the Catalysts division, will be reported as part of the Performance Chemicals division as of 
this date. 
The operating divisions, service units, the regions and a Corporate Center have formed the cornerstones of 
the BASF organization since January 1, 2020. BASF's divisions bear operational responsibility here and are 
organized according to sectors or products. They manage BASF's 49 global and regional business units 
and develop strategies for the 70 strategic business units. The regional and country units represent BASF 
locally and support the growth of business units with local proximity to customers. For financial reporting 
purposes, BASF organize the regional divisions into four regions: Europe; North America; Asia Pacific; South 
America / Africa / Middle East. To strengthen its innovation capabilities, BASF reorganized its global 
research activities in 2022 and aligned them even more closely with the needs of its customers. This division 
is globally positioned with research centers in Europe, North America and Asia Pacific. Together with the 
research and development units in BASF's operating divisions, it forms the core of the global Know-How

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Verbund. Five service units provide competitive services for the operating divisions and sites: Global 
Engineering Services; Global Digital Services; Global Procurement; European Site & Verbund Management; 
Global Business Services (finance and controlling, human resources, safety, intellectual property, 
communications, procurement, supply chain and in-house consulting services). 
The Corporate Center supports the Board of Executive Directors in steering the company as a whole. These 
include central tasks from the following areas: strategy, finance and controlling, law, compliance and 
insurance, tax, environmental protection, health, safety and quality, human resources, communications, 
investor relations, corporate audit and the Net Zero Accelerator unit. 
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
General 
In accordance with the maintained two-tier administrative system, BASF has a Board of Executive Directors 
(Vorstand) and a Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat). The two boards are separate, and no individual is 
simultaneously a member of both boards. 
The Board of Executive Directors is responsible for managing the business of BASF in accordance with the 
German Stock Corporation Act and BASF's Articles of Association. The Board of Executive Directors also 
represents BASF in its dealings with third parties and in court. 
The principal function of the Supervisory Board is to appoint and supervise the Board of Executive Directors. 
The Supervisory Board may not make management decisions, but BASF's Articles of Association or the 
Supervisory Board itself may require the prior consent of the Supervisory Board for certain types of 
transactions. 
Members of both the Board of Executive Directors and the Supervisory Board owe a duty of loyalty and care 
to BASF. In exercising these duties, the applicable standard of care is that of a diligent and prudent business 
person. Members of both boards must take into account a broad range of considerations when making 
decisions, foremost the interests of BASF, including its shareholders, employees and creditors and, to a 
certain extent, the interests of society. The members of the Board of Executive Directors and the Supervisory 
Board are personally liable to BASF for breaches of their duties of loyalty and care. 
None of the members of the Supervisory Board or the Board of Executive Directors of BASF have any 
conflicts of interests between any duties to BASF and their private interests or other duties. The members 
of the Supervisory Board and of the Board of Executive Directors can be contacted at the address of the 
headquarters of BASF. 
Board of Executive Directors 
The number of members of the Board of Executive Directors is determined by the Supervisory Board, subject 
to a minimum of two members. As of the date of this Prospectus, BASF's Board of Executive Directors has 
six members. 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association of BASF, any two members of the Board of Executive Directors or 
one member and the holder of a special power of attorney (Prokura) may legally bind BASF. 
The Board of Executive Directors must report regularly to the Supervisory Board on the current business of 
BASF, on its business policies and other fundamental matters regarding the future conduct of its business, 
on its profitability, particularly on its return on equity, on the risk exposure of BASF and the risk management, 
as well as on any exceptional matters that may arise from time to time. The Supervisory Board is also entitled 
to request special reports at any time. 
The Supervisory Board appoints members to the Board of Executive Directors for a maximum term of five 
years. Members of the Board of Executive Directors may be re-appointed (even prior to the expiration of her 
or his term) or have their terms extended for one or more terms. Each re-appointment or extension shall 
have a maximum term of five years. 
Under certain circumstances, such as a serious breach of duty or a bona fide vote of no confidence by a 
majority of votes at a Shareholders' Meeting, a member of the Board of Executive Directors may be removed 
by the Supervisory Board prior to the expiration of her or his term. A member of the Board of Executive 
Directors may not deal with or vote on matters relating to proposals, arrangements or contracts between 
that member and BASF. 
The Articles of Association of BASF require decisions of the Board of Executive Directors to be made by a 
simple majority unless the law requires a larger majority. In case of a tie, the chairman has the casting vote.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
The following table shows the current members of BASF's Board of Directors and a list of responsibilities of 
outside directorships: 
 
Name 
Main Area of Responsibility  
Supervisory board mandates 
within the meaning of section 
100(2) of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (AktG) 
Dr. Markus Kamieth 
Chairman of the Board of Executive 
Directors 
 
Responsibilities: 
Corporate Development; Corporate 
Legal, Compliance & Insurance; 
Senior Project Net Zero 
Accelerator; Corporate Human 
Resources; Corporate 
Communications & Government 
Relations; Corporate Investor 
Relations 
 
Dr. Dirk Elvermann 
Chief Financial Officer 
and Chief Digital Officer 
 
Responsibilities: 
Corporate Finance; Corporate 
Audit; Corporate Taxes & Duties; 
Global Business Services; Global 
Digital Services; Global 
Procurement; BASF Venture 
Capital 
Wintershall Dea 
(member of the Supervisory 
Board) 
Michael Heinz 
Responsibilities: 
Care Chemicals; Nutrition & Health; 
Agricultural Solutions; North 
America; South America 
Wintershall Dea 
(member of the Supervisory 
Board) 
Anup Kothari 
Responsibilities: 
Dispersions & Resins; Performance 
Chemicals; Catalysts; Coatings 
 
Dr. Katja Scharpwinkel 
Responsibilities: 
Corporate Environmental 
Protection, Health, Safety & 
Quality; Global Engineering 
Services; European Site & Verbund 
Management; Europe, Middle East, 
Africa 
BASF Coatings GmbH 
(member of the Supervisory 
Board) 
 
Wintershall Dea 
(member of the Supervisory 
Board since April 17, 2023) 
Dr. Stephan Kothrade 
Responsibilities: 
Petrochemicals; Intermediates; 
Performance Materials; Monomers; 
Group Research; Greater China; 
South & East Asia, ASEAN & ANZ; 
Mega Projects Asia 
 
 
Supervisory Board 
In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board of BASF SE comprises twelve 
members. Pursuant to Sec. 35 para. 1 of the German Act on the Participation of Employees in a European 
Company (Gesetz über die Beteiligung der Arbeitnehmer in einer Europäischen Gesellschaft, SEBG) and 
the Agreement Concerning the Involvement of Employees in BASF SE (Employee Participation Agreement) 
signed on November 15, 2007, by the company management and the representatives of BASF Group's 
European employees, seats on the Supervisory Board are accorded following the principle of parity. The six 
shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board of BASF SE are elected by the Shareholders' 
Meeting. By way of derogation from Sec. 40 (2) of the Council Regulation (EC) No. 2157/2001, the six

--- Page 37 ---
37 
employee representatives are not elected by the Shareholders' Meeting, but appointed by the representative 
body of the employees, the BASF Europa Betriebsrat, in accordance with the Employee Participation 
Agreement. The term of office of the Supervisory Board commenced following the Annual Shareholders' 
Meeting on April 25, 2024, in which the shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board were elected. 
It terminates upon conclusion of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting, which resolves on the discharge of 
members of the Supervisory Board for the fourth complete financial year after the term of office commenced; 
this is the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in 2029.  
Any Supervisory Board member elected by the shareholders at BASF's Shareholders' Meeting may be 
removed by a resolution of the Shareholders' Meeting. Any board member elected by the employees may 
be removed upon request of the employees. The Supervisory Board appoints a chairman and one or more 
deputy chairmen from among its members. According to Art. 42 sentence 2 SE Regulation, it is mandatory 
that the chairman of the Supervisory Board is a shareholder representative. The chairman is appointed with 
the majority of the votes of the members present or represented. In order to ensure that this principle is 
adhered to for the election of the chairman, it is stipulated in Article 11 No. 1 of the Articles of Association of 
BASF SE that during the election of the chairman of the Supervisory Board the oldest member in terms of 
age of the shareholder representative acts as the chairman and has therefore the casting vote. Pursuant to 
the agreement concerning the involvement of employees in BASF SE, one of the deputy chairmen shall be 
elected at the proposal of the employee representatives. Compensation for Supervisory Board members is 
determined by BASF's Articles of Association. 
At least half of the total required number of members of the Supervisory Board must be present or participate 
in decision-making to constitute a quorum. Unless otherwise provided for by law or BASF's Articles of 
Association, resolutions are passed by a simple majority of the votes cast. In the event of a tie, the chairman 
has a casting vote. 
The following table shows the current members of BASF's Supervisory Board at the date of this Prospectus 
and their principal occupation: 
Name 
Principal occupation 
Dr. Kurt Bock 
Chairman 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of BASF SE 
Sinischa Horvat(1) 
Vice Chairman 
Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board of BASF SE 
Chairman of the Works Council of BASF SE, Ludwigshafen Site 
Chairman of BASF's Joint Works Council and of the BASF Works 
Council Europe 
Dr. Stefan Asenkerschbaumer 
Vice Chairman 
Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board of BASF SE 
Managing partner, Robert Bosch Industrietreuhand KG 
Chairman of the supervisory board, Robert Bosch GmbH 
Prof. Dr. Thomas Carell 
Professor for Organic Chemistry at Ludwig Maximilians University 
Munich 
Tatjana Diether(1) 
Deputy Chairwoman of the Works Council of BASF SE, 
Ludwigshafen Site  
Member of the BASF Works Council Europe 
Tamara Weinert 
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Business Area Americas 
Member of the Leadership Team of Outokumpu Corporation 
Liming Chen 
Chair of the World Economic Forum Greater China 
André Matta(1) 
Member of the Works Council of BASF SE, Ludwigshafen Site 
Member of the BASF Works Council Europe 
Natalie Mühlenfeld(1) 
District Manager IGBCE, Düsseldorf District 
Alessandra Genco 
Chief Financial Officer of Leonardo SpA 
Peter Zaman(1) 
Secretary of the Works Council of BASF Antwerpen N.V. 
Michael Vassiliadis(1) 
Chairman of the IGBCE 
(1) 
Employee representative 
BASF SE's Supervisory Board established a total of four Supervisory Board Committees: The Personnel 
Committee, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Employees 
As of December 31, 2023, the number of employees increased to 111,991 employees compared with 
111,481 employees as of December 31, 2022. The rise was primarily due to staff increases in Asia Pacific, 
especially for the new Verbund site in Zhanjiang, China. This was partially offset by retirements and 
departures due to dormant employment as well as measures in connection with the cost savings program 
focusing on Europe. Expenses for wages and salaries, social security contributions and assistance, as well 
as for pensions totaled €10,950 million in 2023. In the previous year, these amounted to €11,400 million. 
The decline was mainly due to the lower additions of bonus provisions, currency effects, particularly from 
the U.S. dollar and the Argentine peso, as well as lower pension expenses. A higher wage and salary level 
as well as a higher average number of employees had an offsetting effect. 
 
The following table details BASF Group's workforce on a regional basis as of December 31, 2023, and 2022, 
respectively: 
 
2023 
2022 
Europe 
67,562 
67,958 
    Thereof Germany 
51,406 
51,703 
North America 
16,060 
16,036 
Asia Pacific 
21,193 
20,452 
South America, Africa, Middle East 
7,176 
7,035 
BASF Group 
111,991 
111,481 
Credit ratings1,2 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P")3 has assigned the long-term credit rating "A-"4 (outlook stable) 
to BASF. Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's")5, has assigned an "A3"6 rating (outlook stable). Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch")7 has assigned an "A" rating (outlook stable)8. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW – PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND PRINCIPAL MARKETS 
Introduction 
With around 112,000 employees, six Verbund sites and over 200 additional production sites worldwide 
BASF Group supports customers and partners in almost every country in the world. The portfolio ranges 
from chemicals, plastics, performance products to crop protection products. 
For the year ended December 31, 2023, BASF Group reported sales of €68,902 million and income from 
operations before special items of €3,806 million. 
Markets and sites 
BASF has companies in more than ninety countries and supplies products to a large number of business 
partners in nearly every part of the world. In 2023, BASF Group achieved 37.8% of its sales with customers 
in Europe. In addition, 27.3% of sales were generated in North America; 25.4% in Asia Pacific; and 9.5% in 
South America, Africa and Middle East. BASF Group operates six Verbund sites as well as over 200 
additional production sites worldwide. The Verbund site in Ludwigshafen is one of the largest integrated 
 
1  
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated 
within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European 
Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
2  
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the entity 
being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
3 
S&P is established in the European Community and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of September 16, 2009, on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
4  
S&P has assigned the long-term credit rating A- (outlook stable) to BASF, which indicates that the Issuer has a strong 
capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat susceptible to adverse economic conditions and change in 
circumstances. The addition of a minus (-) sign shows the relative strength within the rating category. The "stable" outlook 
reflects that the rating is not likely to change. 
5 
Moody's is established in the European Community and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
6 
Moody's has assigned an "A3" rating (outlook stable) which means that obligations of the Issuer are judged to be upper-
medium grade and are subject to low default risk and that the Issuer has a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations. 
7 
Fitch is established in the European Community and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
8 
Fitch has assigned the long-term credit rating A (outlook stable) to BASF, which indicates that the Issuer has a strong 
capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
chemical complexes in the world. This was where the concept of integrated production facilities (the 
"Verbund") was developed and continuously optimized before it was applied to other sites around the world. 
The Production Verbund, for example, intelligently links production plants and thereby creates efficient value 
chains from basic chemicals right through to high value-added products such as aroma chemicals or crop 
protection products. In addition, by-products from one plant can be used as raw materials elsewhere. With 
this closely interlinked production system, BASF Group saves raw materials and energy costs. Another 
important part of the Verbund concept is the Energy Verbund, in which steam from production processes is 
not discharged into the environment but is captured to be used as an energy source at other production 
plants, thus making a major contribution to energy efficiency. 
BASF Group strategy 
BASF wants to offer its customers the best possible solutions and help them achieve their sustainability 
goals. With BASF's products and technologies, its innovative and entrepreneurial spirit and the power of its 
Verbund integration, BASF wants to grow profitably while creating value for society and the environment. 
This is BASF's goal, which is embedded in its corporate purpose: Creating chemistry for a sustainable future. 
Humankind is facing enormous challenges in order to preserve a world worth living in for future generations. 
The climate is changing, natural resources are becoming scarcer, pressure on ecosystems is increasing 
and the growing world population needs to be fed. More and more urgently than ever, solutions are needed 
for a sustainable future. Chemistry plays a key role here. In almost all areas of life, it can pave the way to 
greater sustainability and accelerate the transformation needed to achieve this. BASF's innovative products, 
solutions and technologies help to improve quality of life and protect the environment as well as the climate. 
BASF achieves this by using raw materials more efficiently, reducing waste and enabling the production of 
healthy and affordable food as well as climate-smart mobility. 
At the same time, BASF is also undergoing profound changes. BASF is transforming and breaking new 
ground to increase its profitability and achieve climate neutrality. BASF is facing up to the challenge of 
making this change socially just. This involves managing long-term policy decisions like the European Green 
Deal, overcoming the consequences of current geopolitical conflicts and driving forward digitalization.  
At the same time, these challenges also open up numerous opportunities for new business areas and 
innovative products. All of this requires a clear vision as well as a high degree of creativity and flexibility. 
BASF wants to grow profitably and sustainably. To this end, BASF has set itself ambitious targets and 
defined concrete measures to achieve them: to increase its profitability, BASF is strengthening its 
competitiveness with a cost savings program focusing on Europe and is adapting its Verbund structures in 
Ludwigshafen, Germany, to ensure the site remains future-proof. BASF is investing in growth markets, 
particularly in Asia, with China as the largest and most important growth driver of global chemical production. 
Furthermore, BASF is undergoing a fundamental transformation in the way the company is steered. As part 
of its Differentiated Steering concept, BASF is implementing new financial steering indicators tailored to 
each business. BASF's operating divisions are also continuing to adapt their specific business models and 
processes – supported by customized process structures, IT systems and governance frameworks. 
To further embed sustainability in its business activities, BASF is driving innovations for a sustainable future, 
focusing its portfolio on growth areas, and developing products with a lower carbon footprint. BASF pioneers 
in climate-neutral production. This means BASF is gradually converting its energy supply from fossil fuels to 
renewable sources, developing new, pioneering emission-free and low-emission production processes for 
its products as well as strengthening the circular economy through the use of alternative raw materials and 
new recycling technologies. 
The success of these measures depends primarily on the ideas and commitment of BASF's employees. 
This is why BASF wants to create an environment in which it can thrive and contribute to BASF's long-term 
success. Moreover, the diverse potential of digitalization used in its processes and business models further 
contributes to the successful implementation of these measures. 
BASF Strategic Targets 
As part of the strategy communication at BASF's Capital Markets Day on September 26, 2024, the company 
announced financial targets for 2025 to 2028 and updated its dividend policy accordingly. In the mid-term, 
BASF is committed to keeping the overall distribution to shareholders on the level of the last years through 
a combination of dividends and share buybacks. In this way, BASF aims to distribute at least €12 billion to 
shareholders from 2025 to 2028. Specifically, the company will pay a dividend of at least €2.25 per share 
(2023: €3.40) or around €2 billion each year. This will already apply to the dividend for the 2024 business 
year to be paid out in 2025. The aggregate dividend payment of around €8 billion in the four-year period will 
be complemented by share buybacks, which are targeted from 2027 onward at the latest and are expected 
to amount to around €4 billion. The updated dividend policy is underpinned by the following new financial 
targets of BASF. EBITDA before special items is expected to be €10 billion to €12 billion in 2028 in mid to

--- Page 40 ---
40 
upcycle conditions. The cumulative free cash flow for 2025 to 2028 is expected to be more than €12 billion. 
The targeted return on capital employed (ROCE) for 2028 is around 10%. 
In addition to these financial targets, BASF pursues ambitious sustainability targets. For example, the BASF 
2030 goal is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from its production sites and energy purchases worldwide 
by 25% compared with 2018 while growing production volumes. BASF wants to strengthen the sustainability 
focus of its product portfolio by increasing the proportion of "Sustainable-Future Solutions" from 41% in 2023 
to more than 50% in 2030 and by increasing sales of loop solutions from €5 billion in 2023 to €10 billion in 
2030. BASF also strives to strengthen the sustainability of its supply chains and use resources responsibly. 
BASF wants to further improve safety in production. In addition, BASF aims to promote diversity within the 
company and create a working environment in which its employees feel that they can thrive and perform at 
their best. 
The objective of these targets is to steer the business into a sustainable future, and at the same time, 
contribute to the implementation of the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). BASF is 
focusing on issues where it as a company can make a significant contribution, such as climate protection, 
sustainable consumption and production, and fighting hunger. 
BASF's strategic action areas 
BASF has defined a number of strategic action areas through which it will sharpen its customer focus. 
Innovation 
Innovation is the bedrock and driver of BASF's success. BASF is a leader in the chemical industry, with 
around 10,000 employees in research and development ("R&D") and R&D expenses of around €2.1 billion 
in 2023. BASF is further strengthening this position by driving forward its research activities, especially in 
agriculture, battery materials, polymer technologies and catalytic and biotechnological methods. BASF's 
research units are organizationally aligned with the needs of its customers. Customer-focused activities are 
directly integrated into the divisions. Research activities that are relevant to several operating divisions as 
well as Group-wide relevant topics are driven by the global division Group Research. In addition, BASF is 
pursuing and expanding its cooperations with customers, universities and research institutions. 
Sustainability 
BASF believes that the economy, environment and society are inextricably linked and interdependent. In all 
three areas BASF wants to create value with its products, solutions and technologies. Already in 1994, BASF 
pledged its commitment to sustainability and, since then, has systematically aligned its actions with the 
principles of sustainability. BASF wants to further strengthen its position as a pioneer for sustainable 
solutions. BASF sees sustainability as an integral part of its strategy as well as its targets, steering processes 
and business models.  
BASF's aim is to be a responsible and attractive partner for its customers, develop new growth areas, and 
lay the foundation for the long-term success of the company. BASF's approach covers the entire value chain 
– from the responsible procurement of raw materials, to safety and resource efficiency in production, to 
sustainable solutions for its customers. 
Production 
The production and processing of chemicals is BASF's core business. BASF's comprehensive product 
portfolio ranges from basic chemicals to custom system solutions. The strength of BASF lies in the Verbund 
and its integrated value chains. The Verbund enables BASF to achieve reliable, efficient and CO2-optimized 
production and leverages synergies in the development and application of new technologies and the use of 
digital solutions. At the same time, the Verbund is the foundation for meeting the increasingly diverse needs 
of BASF's customers and markets with a differentiated offering. BASF's strategy is to produce locally for 
local markets, close to its customers. BASF plans to invest €19.5 billion worldwide between 2024 and 2027 
to expand its capacities based on market demand and to further increase the availability, efficiency and 
flexibility of its plants. 
Digitalization 
BASF wants to leverage the diverse growth potential of digitalization, seize the associated opportunities to 
the benefit of its customers and strengthen its competitiveness. To achieve this, BASF promotes digital skills 
among its employees, cooperates with partners and makes digital technologies and ways of working an 
integral part of its business. Digitalizing its plants and systematically analyzing data enables BASF to further 
automate processes. In this way, BASF steers the capacity, availability and efficiency of its plants in line 
with market conditions. The combination of products, services and digital offerings also creates new 
business models and advantages for BASF's customers, such as in the automotive and personal care 
industries as well as agriculture.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Portfolio 
BASF is steering its portfolio toward innovation-driven growth areas. Following major acquisitions in recent 
years (battery materials, engineering plastics, agricultural solutions), BASF plans to further develop its 
portfolio with smaller, bolt-on acquisitions in the future. Major divestitures (pigments, construction chemicals, 
paper and water chemicals, kaolin minerals) in previous years were followed by the carve-out of the 
emissions catalysts and precious metals services business into the new BASF Environmental Catalyst and 
Metal Solutions (ECMS) entity and the divestiture of BASF's nickel-based catalysts production site in De 
Meern, Netherlands, to IQatalyst B.V. With the new 'Winning Ways' strategy, announced on September 26 
and 27, 2024, BASF started to differentiate between core businesses (Chemicals, Materials, Industrial 
Solutions and Nutrition & Care) and standalone businesses (Surface Technologies and Agricultural 
Solutions). As communicated in this strategy announcement, BASF will continue investing in its standalone 
businesses and will pursue portfolio options where it adds value. This includes examining a divestment 
process for decorative paints in the Coatings business and targeting an IPO readiness for Agricultural 
Solutions. In addition, on September 3, 2024, the sale of Wintershall Dea's E&P business, excluding Russia-
related activities, to Harbour Energy plc, London, United Kingdom, agreed in December 2023, was 
completed. With this divestiture, BASF took the decisive step toward achieving final separation from the oil 
and gas business. At the same time, BASF is strengthening the basis for its organic growth with investments. 
The major growth project for the coming years is the new Verbund site in Zhanjiang, China. 
Employees 
BASF's employees are key to its success. That is why BASF believes in the importance of an attractive total 
offer package and an inspiring working environment that fosters and develops employees' individual talents 
and enables them and their teams to perform at their best. BASF is pursuing three action areas to make its 
high-performance organization even more so: empowerment, differentiation and simplification of structures 
and processes. At the same time, BASF encourages and promotes a leadership culture that empowers its 
employees to respond to customer needs quickly and efficiently with a solution orientation. BASF values 
diversity in people, opinions and experience as being crucial to creativity and innovation. BASF embraces 
bold ideas, helps its employees to implement them and learn from setbacks. This is founded on an open 
feedback and leadership culture based on mutual trust, respect and dedication to top performance. 
Corporate Values 
BASF maintains its four core values – creative, open, responsible, entrepreneurial. 
Creative: BASF makes great products and solutions for its customers. This is why BASF embraces bold 
ideas and give them space to grow. BASF acts with optimism and inspire one another. 
Open: BASF values diversity, in people, opinions and experience. This is why BASF fosters feedback based 
on honesty, respect and mutual trust. BASF learns from its setbacks.  
Responsible: BASF values the health and safety of people above all else. BASF makes sustainability part 
of every decision. BASF is committed to strict compliance and environmental standards.  
Entrepreneurial: BASF focuses on its customers, as individuals and as a company. BASF seizes 
opportunities and thinks ahead. BASF takes ownership and embraces personal accountability.  
Global standards 
BASF's standards fulfill and in some cases exceed existing laws and regulations and take internationally 
recognized principles into account. BASF respects and promotes:  
• The 10 principles of the U.N. Global Compact  
• The Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the two U.N. Human Rights Covenants  
• The core labor standards of the ILO and the Tripartite Declaration of Principles Concerning Multinational 
Enterprises and Social Policy (MNE Declaration)  
• The OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises  
• The Responsible Care® Global Charter  
• The German Corporate Governance Code  
BASF stipulates binding rules for its employees with its standards and guidelines that apply throughout the 
Group. The aim is to prevent compliance violations from the outset through compulsory training for all 
employees and leaders. The Corporate Audit department continuously monitors compliance with 
requirements. The head of BASF's legal and compliance organization also acts as Chief Human Rights 
Officer and oversees the overarching risk management. BASF mainly approaches its adherence to 
international labor and social standards using three elements: the Compliance Program including BASF's

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Code of Conduct and compliance hotlines, close dialog with stakeholders, and the global management 
process to respect international labor norms.  
BASF regularly assesses its performance in environmental protection, health and safety as part of its 
Responsible Care Management System. 
BASF's business partners are expected to comply with prevailing laws, regulations and internationally 
recognized principles. BASF has clearly defined its expectations in its Supplier Code of Conduct. Here, too, 
BASF has established appropriate monitoring systems. 
BASF's Steering Concept 
BASF has firmly anchored its goal of growing profitably and creating value for society in its strategy. Both 
financial and nonfinancial key figures are an integral part of BASF's steering concept. Until the end of 2023, 
ROCE and CO2 emissions were BASF's most important key performance indicators. From 2024 onward, 
BASF will pursue a Differentiated Steering concept. Industry-specific key performance indicators tailored to 
the respective business will enable BASF to increase the competitiveness of its business units and thus the 
profitability of the BASF Group. BASF uses EBITDA before special items and free cash flow as the new 
most important key performance indicators for short and medium-term steering. ROCE will continue to play 
a central role as a medium-term strategic steering indicator. 
Value-Based Management 
The target agreement process is an important part of BASF's value-based management. It aligns individual 
employee targets with BASF's targets. The most important financial indicator in the operating business has 
so far been ROCE. The other units' contribution to value is also assessed according to effectiveness and 
efficiency on the basis of quality and cost targets. To assess this, BASF uses metrics such as its internal 
service score in the service units. 
BASF is gradually adapting the target agreement process to the Differentiated Steering concept. From 2024 
onward, variable compensation for senior executives in all business units and the Service, Research and 
Corporate Center units will be based on targets derived from the new key performance indicators for the 
steering of the respective business unit or the BASF Group. 
BASF Group's segments per year-end 2023 
Chemicals 
Segment overview 
The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals and Intermediates divisions. It supplies the other 
segments with basic chemicals and intermediates, contributing to the organic growth of BASF's key value 
chains as well as to BASF's direct customer business. Alongside internal transfers, BASF's customers 
mainly come from the chemical and plastics industries. BASF aims to expand its competitiveness through 
technological leadership and operational excellence. 
Segment strategy 
The Chemicals segment is at the heart of the Verbund. It reliably supplies BASF's other segments with 
chemicals to produce higher value-added products. It also markets high-quality basic chemicals and 
intermediates to customers in downstream industries. In this way, the Chemicals segment makes a 
significant contribution to BASF's organic growth. 
BASF creates value through process and product innovation and invests in research and development to 
implement new, sustainable technologies and makes its existing technologies even more efficient. 
Technological leadership, operational excellence and a clear focus on individual value chains are among its 
most important competitive advantages. BASF concentrates on the critical success factors of the traditional 
chemicals business: leveraging economies of scale and the advantages of its Verbund, high asset reliability, 
continuous optimization of access to raw materials, lean and energy efficient processes, and reliable, cost-
effective logistics. BASF continuously improves its value chains and is expanding its market position – 
especially in Asia – with investments and collaborations in growth markets. 
Furthermore, BASF is constantly improving its global production structures and aligning these with regional 
market requirements. For example, BASF expanded its capacities for ethylene oxide and ethylene oxide 
derivatives at the Verbund Site in Antwerp, Belgium to support the continuous growth of its customers and 
to enhance its market position in Europe. 
Business review full-year 2023 
In the Chemicals segment, sales to third parties amounted to €10,369 million in the 2023 business year; this 
corresponds to a decrease of €4,526 million compared with the prior-year figure. In the Petrochemicals

--- Page 43 ---
43 
division sales declined by €3,127 million to €7,418 million, while sales in the Intermediates division 
decreased by €1,398 million to €2,951 million. 
Sales performance was mainly driven by considerably lower prices and volumes in both divisions as a result 
of weak demand coupled with high product availability and lower raw materials prices. As a result, prices in 
the Petrochemicals division fell significantly in all business areas. In the Intermediates division, increased 
capacities of Chinese competitors led to additional price pressure, which meant that price levels declined in 
the butanediol and derivatives business in particular. 
Weak demand weighed down the segment's volume development significantly. Compared with the previous 
year, volumes in the Petrochemicals division decreased, particularly for steam cracker products, styrene 
monomers and in the propylene value chain. In the Intermediates division, volumes decreased considerably 
in all business areas. 
Currency effects, largely relating to the Chinese renminbi and the U.S. dollar, also had a negative impact on 
sales. 
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items of the segment was €361 million, €1,596 million below 
the figure of the very strong previous year. The decline in EBIT before special items in both operating 
divisions was primarily attributable to the lower margins and volumes, and lower contributions from 
shareholdings accounted for using the equity method. Reduced fixed costs and lower raw materials and 
energy prices had an offsetting effect in both divisions. 
At €364 million, EBIT decreased by €1,394 million compared to 2022. 
Materials 
Segment overview 
The Materials segment is composed of the Performance Materials division and the Monomers division. The 
Materials segment's portfolio comprises advanced materials and their precursors for new applications and 
systems. These include isocyanates and polyamides as well as inorganic basic products and specialties for 
the plastics and plastics processing industries. BASF differentiates itself through specific technological 
expertise, industry knowledge and customer proximity, and aims to create maximum value in the isocyanate 
and polyamide value chains. 
Strategy 
The Materials segment supplies high-quality plastics precursors and develops new plastics applications, 
high-performance materials, systems and digital solutions along the Isocyanate and polyamide value chains. 
BASF's product portfolio is unique in the industry. BASF aims to grow mainly organically by differentiating 
itself from its competitors with its systems-oriented application expertise and industry knowledge and 
creating maximum value in its isocyanate and polyamide value chains. Comprehensive knowledge in the 
field of material simulation is BASF's unique selling point in the industry and enables it to meet customer 
requirements individually. 
BASF is active along the value chain for important durable plastics, from monomers to polymers and their 
formulated specialties. With specific technology knowledge, BASF is working on forming and closing loops 
and converting plastics back into primary products for the chemical industry. This is how BASF helps to 
minimize plastic waste, save fossil resources and avoid carbon emissions in plastics production. Examples 
include Ultramid® Ccycled®, based on end-of-life tires, products with a significantly reduced carbon footprint 
and certified compostable bioplastics. With these solutions, BASF aims to meet growing needs in all key 
markets and help its customers to meet their sustainability goals. 
BASF is continuously expanding the range of applications in its portfolio with tailor-made services and 
product offerings. A global production network enables BASF to provide its solutions wherever its customers 
are. At the same time, BASF is constantly reviewing the efficiency of its production network and streamlines 
it where necessary, for example as part of its adaptation of the Verbund structures in Ludwigshafen, 
Germany. 
Business review full-year 2023 
Compared with the previous year, sales to third parties in the Materials segment declined by €4,294 million 
to €14,149 million. Sales in the Monomers division decreased by €2,971 million to €6,905 million. In the 
Performance Materials division, sales were €1,323 million lower at €7,244 million. 
Significantly lower prices due to very weak demand and lower raw materials prices were the main reasons 
for the decline in sales in both divisions. In the Monomers division, prices fell in all business areas, especially 
in the ammonia and polyamide value chains. In the Performance Materials division, prices decreased in all 
business areas.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Declining demand over the course of the year led to significantly lower volumes, especially in Europe. 
Volume growth in the Monomers division in Asia Pacific, mainly as a result of considerably higher isocyanate 
volumes, had an offsetting effect. 
Negative currency effects, mainly relating to the Chinese Renminbi, also weighed down the sales 
performance of the segment. 
At €826 million, income from operations (EBIT) before special items of the segment was €1,013 million 
below the figure of 2022. EBIT before special items declined considerably in the Monomers division due to 
lower polyamide and ammonia margins. The slight decline in earnings in the Performance Materials division 
was driven by lower margins and volumes. Considerably reduced fixed costs in both divisions, primarily as 
a result of lower production costs, were unable to compensate for this. 
EBIT decreased by €1,399 million to €378 million. This included special charges amounting to €464 million, 
mainly for impairments on intangible assets and production plants in Europe, for costs in connection with 
adaptations to the production structures at the Verbund site in Ludwigshafen, Germany, and for measures 
in the context of the cost savings program focusing on Europe. 
Industrial Solutions 
Segment overview 
The Industrial Solutions segment consists of the Dispersions & Resins and the Performance Chemicals 
divisions. The segment develops and markets ingredients and additives for industrial applications, such as 
polymer dispersions, resins, additives, electronic materials, and antioxidants. BASF aims to drive organic 
growth in key industries such as automotive, plastics, paints and coatings, electronics, and energy and 
resources, and expand its position by leveraging its comprehensive industry expertise and application know-
how. 
Strategy 
The Industrial Solutions segment, which consists of the Dispersions & Resins and the Performance 
Chemicals divisions, markets and develops ingredients and additives for industrial applications. These 
include fuel and lubricant solutions, dispersions, resins, additives, electronic materials and plastic additives. 
BASF concentrates on research and development with the aim of enabling more efficient resource use and 
developing high-performance and more sustainable products and processes, for example, in polymer 
dispersions, resins and plastic additives. At the same time, this also enables BASF's customers to contribute 
to sustainability through their applications and processes. Other focus areas are efficient production setups, 
backward integration in BASF's Production Verbund's value chains, capacity management, and technology 
and cost leadership. 
BASF's global presence enables it to operate close to its customers and their industries. As a reliable 
partner, BASF offers high-quality products with high value added for its customers. BASF works on new 
solutions together with its customers and strives for long-term partnerships that create profitable growth 
opportunities for both parties. To achieve this, BASF draws on its innovative strength and its many years of 
experience and in-depth industry expertise. Through its in-depth application knowledge and technological 
innovations, BASF strengthens customer relationships in key industries such as the automotive, plastics, 
electronics, and coatings industries. 
Business review full-year 2023 
Sales to third parties in the Industrial Solutions segment declined by €1,983 million compared with 2022 to 
€8,010 million in 2023. Sales in the Dispersions & Resins division decreased by €1,098 million to €4,921 
million, while they declined by €885 million to €3,088 million in the Performance Chemicals division. 
Sales growth was mainly due to higher prices in all business areas and regions, passing on increased prices 
for raw materials. The positive sales development was also supported by currency effects, largely from the 
U.S. dollar and the Chinese renminbi. 
The main reason for this was considerably lower sales volumes in almost all business areas and all regions 
due to lower demand. Lower raw materials prices in particular led to considerably lower prices overall. Price 
levels in the Dispersions & Resins division decreased in almost all business areas. In the Performance 
Chemicals division, prices decreased mainly for plastic additives. 
In addition, slightly negative currency effects, largely relating to the Chinese renminbi and the U.S. dollar, 
burdened sales performance. Portfolio effects also dampened sales performance slightly, mainly as a result 
of the divestiture of the kaolin minerals business in the Performance Chemicals division as of September 30, 
2022.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
At €625 million, income from operations (EBIT) before special items of the segment was €466 million below 
the prior-year figure. Earnings in the Performance Chemicals division decreased in particular due to lower 
volumes and margins, negative currency effects and the missing earnings contributions from the divested 
kaolin minerals business. In the Dispersions & Resins division, the decline in earnings was mainly a result 
of volume-related lower margins. 
Reduced fixed costs, primarily due to lower personnel costs had a positive effect in both operating divisions. 
EBIT declined by €436 million compared with 2022 to €660 million. In 2023, this included special income, 
mainly due to a payment in connection with a plant closure in China in 2019, as well as special charges, 
primarily for measures in the context of the cost savings program focusing on Europe. 
Surface Technologies 
Segment overview 
The Surface Technologies segment comprises the Catalysts and Coatings divisions, which offer chemical 
solutions for surfaces. Its portfolio serves industries such as the automotive and chemical sectors and 
includes automotive OEM and refinish coatings, surface treatment, catalysts, battery materials, and precious 
and base metal services. BASF improves its customers' applications and processes with tailored products, 
technologies and solutions, and supports them through geographical proximity across all regions. The aim 
is to drive BASF's growth by leveraging its portfolio of technologies and expanding BASF's position as a 
leading and innovative provider of battery materials and surface coatings solutions. 
Strategy 
In the Surface Technologies segment, BASF's focus is on the protection, modification and development of 
surfaces. BASF develops novel products and technologies for catalysts, coatings, and battery materials. 
BASF also offers base metal as well as surface treatment services. BASF's aim is to drive growth by 
leveraging its portfolio of technologies to find the best solution for its customers in terms of functionality and 
cost. This helps its customers to drive forward innovation in their industries and contribute to sustainable 
development. 
Key growth drivers for BASF are the positive medium-term development of the automotive market, especially 
in Asia, the trend toward sustainable, low-emission mobility in the automotive industry, and the associated 
rise in demand for battery materials for electromobility. Together with its customers, BASF is developing 
customized, sustainable solutions in these growth areas for battery materials, emission control, recycling 
and innovative coatings. BASF's specialties and system solutions in these areas enable customers to stand 
out from their competition. 
The automotive industry is currently undergoing a fundamental transformation. BASF has established a new 
entity (BASF Environmental Catalyst and Metal Solutions) within the Catalysts division for mobile emissions 
catalysts, automotive catalysts recycling and associated precious metal services. The carve-out process 
was completed in July 2023 as planned. The new organizational structure prepares the business for the 
upcoming changes in the internal combustion engine market and creates strategic options. 
Business review full-year 2023 
Sales to third parties in the Surface Technologies segment declined by €5,079 million compared with the 
previous year to €16,204 million. The Catalysts division recorded a sales decrease of €5,245 million to 
€11,818 million. The increase in sales in the Coatings division, by €166 million to €4,387 million, could not 
compensate for this. 
Lower sales were mainly driven by lower prices and volumes in precious metal trading, mobile emissions 
catalysts and in battery materials in the Catalysts division. At €7,578 million, sales in precious metal trading 
and precious metal sales in the mobile emissions catalysts business were below the previous year (€12,336 
million). Considerable price increases and a slight volume growth in the Coatings division only partially 
compensated for this. The Coatings division raised prices in all business areas, while sales volumes 
increased particularly in the automotive OEM coatings and surface treatment businesses. This was mainly 
driven by the higher level of automotive production as a result of resolved supply chain problems and an 
increase in inventories at car manufacturers. 
Negative currency effects, largely relating to the Chinese renminbi, dampened the segment's sales 
performance. 
Portfolio effects, particularly in the Catalysts division as a result of the divestiture of the production site in 
De Meern, Netherlands, as of August 31, 2023, had a slightly negative impact on sales. 
The segment increased income from operations (EBIT) before special items by €36 million to €938 million. 
The considerable earnings growth in the Coatings division, which resulted mainly from price and volume-

--- Page 46 ---
46 
related margin increases, more than compensated for a considerable decrease in EBIT before special items 
in the Catalysts division. This was mainly a result of a sharp fall in lithium prices. In addition, lower 
contributions from precious metal trading reduced earnings in the division. Higher margins in the automotive 
and refining catalysts businesses could only partially offset this. 
EBIT declined by €247 million compared with the previous year to €366 million. This included special 
charges amounting to €576 million. In the Catalysts division, these comprised impairments on property, plant 
and equipment, in particular in the battery materials business, as well as charges resulting from the carve-
out of the BASF Environmental Catalyst and Metal Solutions unit. In the Coatings division, special charges 
arose in particular from measures to increase efficiency. 
Nutrition & Care 
Segment overview 
The Nutrition & Care segment, consisting of the Care Chemicals and Nutrition & Health divisions, serves 
the growing needs of food and feed producers as well as the pharmaceutical, cosmetics, detergents and 
cleaners' industries as well as the increasingly sophisticated demands of fast-moving consumer goods. 
BASF also offers solutions for technical applications, for example. BASF strives to expand its position as a 
leading provider of ingredients for consumer goods in the areas of nutrition, home and personal care through 
organic growth. BASF focuses on growth markets, with a special focus on more sustainable products and 
digital business models in consumer markets. 
Strategy 
In the Nutrition & Care segment, which comprises the operating divisions Care Chemicals and Nutrition & 
Health, BASF strives to expand its position as a leading provider for nutrition and care ingredients for 
consumer applications. Future growth in BASF's markets will be driven by trends such as growing consumer 
awareness and the resulting demand for sustainable product solutions, natural and organic ingredients and 
their traceability. Moreover, digitalization, a focused technology and product portfolio, and close cooperation 
with BASF's customers is crucial to meeting these dynamic market requirements both now and in the future. 
BASF will therefore continue to develop its capabilities in areas such as biotechnology and broaden its 
portfolio with bio-based and biodegradable products. BASF supports its customers globally with innovative 
and sustainable products, solutions and concepts, especially for the cosmetic industry as well as for cleaning 
and washing. In the Nutrition & Health division, BASF has sharpened its focus to be a supplier for nutrition 
and aroma ingredients, so it can best serve its customers with reliable and high-quality products. 
BASF is also pursuing a targeted, accelerated marketing strategy and expanding its portfolio for natural and 
biotechnological products. 
From pharma solutions, BASF supplies excipients for human therapeutic drug formulation. BASF's 
biopharma ingredients serve a variety of areas, from bioprocessing and formulation of proteins to vaccines 
and antibodies. 
Business review full-year 2023 
Sales to third parties in the Nutrition & Care segment declined by €1,208 million compared with the prior-
year figure to €6,858 million. The Care Chemicals division recorded a decline in sales of €898 million to 
€4,721 million. In the Nutrition & Health division, sales declined by €310 million to €2,137 million. 
Lower demand was the main reason for the sales performance. This resulted in lower sales volumes in all 
business areas of the Care Chemicals division. In the Nutrition & Health division, a considerable increase in 
sales volumes in the aroma business could not offset the decrease in volumes in the other business areas. 
Reduced prices due to lower raw materials prices and high product availability on the market also dampened 
the segment's sales performance. In the Care Chemicals division, prices decreased in the oleo surfactants 
and alcohols business, as well as in the home care, industrial and institutional cleaning and industrial 
formulators business. In the Nutrition & Health division, prices mainly declined for vitamins. 
Furthermore, currency effects, largely relating to the Chinese renminbi, had a slightly negative impact on 
sales performance. 
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items declined by €511 million to €107 million. The Nutrition 
& Health division recorded an overall negative EBIT before special items, mainly as a result of lower margins 
in vitamins. Reduced fixed costs resulting from efficiency measures had an offsetting effect. The Care 
Chemicals division made a significant earnings contribution; however, this was considerably below the figure 
of the previous year as a result of lower margins due to lower volumes in all business areas. 
Compared with 2022, EBIT declined by €486 million to €119 million. This included special income from the 
sale of an office building in Europe in the second quarter of 2023.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Agricultural Solutions 
Segment overview 
In the Agricultural Solutions segment, BASF aims to further strengthen its market position as an integrated 
solutions provider. BASF's offer comprises seeds, traits and seed treatment products and biological and 
chemical crop protection solutions, complemented by digital farming products to help farmers achieve a 
better yield. BASF's strategy is based on innovation-driven organic growth and targeted portfolio expansion 
through acquisitions and collaborations. Customer needs, societal expectations and reducing environmental 
impacts are what motivate BASF to innovate. 
Strategy 
In the Agricultural Solutions segment, BASF is working to achieve the balance between economic, 
environmental and social value creation for a sustainable and efficient agricultural sector. While natural 
resources are limited, the demand for food, feed, fiber and energy is increasing, given the constant growth 
of the world's population1. Accordingly, even more efficient farming is essential. Balanced agriculture is a 
key enabler in producing enough healthy, affordable food and responding to changing consumer behavior 
while reducing the impact on the environment. 
As one of the world's leading agricultural solutions companies, BASF is making a positive impact on 
sustainably transforming agriculture and food systems. The innovation-driven strategy for agriculture 
focuses on selected crops and their appropriate cultivation systems in specific regions: soy, corn (maize) 
and cotton in the Americas; wheat, canola (oilseed rape) and sunflower in North America and Europe; rice 
in Asia; and fruit and vegetables globally. BASF integrates sustainability criteria into all business and 
portfolio decisions. In doing so, BASF helps farmers achieve better yield, protect the planet and produce 
economically. 
BASF leverages its expertise in research and development and its deep understanding of the way individual 
growers manage their farms to provide crop-specific offers across technologies. These include novel 
solutions for seeds, traits, fungicides, herbicides, insecticides, biological solutions and digital products 
tailored to the farming needs of their region and crop systems. 
Investments 
The investment in a formulation hub for crop protection products in Singapore, which started up in 2022, 
ensures that multiple formulation technologies are produced close to farmers in Asia Pacific. In North 
America, BASF continued to modernize site infrastructure and completed this on schedule. BASF is also 
investing in the traceability of agrochemicals based on digital identification in Europe. Further investments 
are being made to reduce CO2 emissions and organic waste in its plants. Between 2023 and 2027, BASF 
plans to invest around €1 billion in developing and expanding its plants and infrastructure, including state-
of-the-art R&D facilities, and in its production and formulation capacities for active ingredients as well as for 
seed solutions to meet its continuing high demand for innovative solutions in the future. 
Business review full-year 2023 
At €10,092 million, sales to third parties in the Agricultural Solutions segment in 2023 were slightly below 
the figure of the previous year. Considerably higher prices in almost all regions and indications were not fully 
able to compensate for lower volumes and negative currency effects.  
The decline in volumes was mainly driven by a change in market dynamics over the course of the year, 
primarily due to the significant channel destocking at distributors. 
In Europe, sales rose to €2,600 million due to considerably higher prices and were therefore €170 million 
higher than the prior-year figure. Considerably lower sales volumes for crop protection products and 
negative currency effects, mainly from the Turkish Lira, had a negative impact on sales. 
Sales in North America amounted to €4,002 million and were almost at prior-year level. This was mainly 
driven by both lower sales volumes, particularly of herbicides, and negative currency effects due to the 
Canadian dollar and U.S. dollar. Considerably higher price levels had an offsetting effect. 
In Asia, sales of €1,072 million were €58 million lower than in the previous year. Considerably higher prices 
were unable to compensate for considerable negative currency effects, mainly from the Indian rupee and 
the Chinese renminbi, and significantly lower volumes, particularly for herbicides. 
Non-integral Oil and Gas Business 
Following the approval by all relevant authorities, Wintershall Dea's E&P business excluding Russia-related 
 
1 
Compared with 2022, the world's population is expected to grow by around 2 billion people by 2050; source: U.N. World 
Population Prospects 2022

--- Page 48 ---
48 
activities was transferred to Harbour Energy plc on September 3, 2024; it consists of producing and 
development assets as well as exploration rights in Norway, Argentina, Germany, Mexico, Algeria, Libya 
(excluding Wintershall AG), Egypt and Denmark (excluding Ravn) as well as Wintershall Dea's carbon 
storage (CCS) licenses. In exchange, the shareholders of Wintershall Dea – BASF (72.7%) and LetterOne 
(27.3%) – received total cash consideration of $1.76 billion (BASF share: $1.28 billion), including purchase 
price adjustment, and new shares issued by Harbour Energy plc representing a total 54.5% stake in the 
enlarged Harbour company (BASF share on total equity: 39.6%). The agreed enterprise value for the 
Wintershall Dea assets amounts to $11.2 billion. This amount includes the outstanding bonds of Wintershall 
Dea with a nominal value of around $4.9 billion that were also transferred to Harbour Energy plc at closing. 
With the closing of this transaction agreed in December 2023, BASF has taken the decisive step towards 
achieving the final separation from the oil and gas business. The closing creates the opportunity for 
monetization of BASF's stake in the combined company without further intermediate steps, as Harbour 
Energy plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange. 
Wintershall Dea's headquarters and the related staff are not part of the transaction. In June 2024, Wintershall 
Dea and the employee representatives reached agreement on the reconciliation of interests and social plan 
for the restructuring and closure of the headquarters in Hamburg and Kassel. Around 800 employees are 
affected by the closure of the sites. With the agreed social plan, the redundancies are being implemented 
in a socially responsible manner. Furthermore, in addition to the around 1,200 employees who are part of 
the transaction, Harbour Energy plc will take over a certain number of employees from the former Wintershall 
Dea headquarters. 
With completion of the sale to Harbour Energy plc, the international E&P business of Wintershall Dea was 
also legally separated from the Russia-related business. BASF and LetterOne remain the owners of 
Wintershall Dea, which holds the Russia-related business, for which significant federal German investment 
guarantees are in place. The management of Wintershall Dea had announced its withdrawal from activities 
in Russia in January 2023; the remaining shareholdings will be wound up step by step. 
In March 2024, Wintershall Dea concluded an agreement on the sale of its 50.02% stake in WIGA Transport 
Beteiligungs-GmbH & Co. KG and WIGA Verwaltungs-GmbH (together WIGA) to SEFE Securing Energy 
for Europe GmbH (SEFE), based in Berlin. SEFE previously held a 49.98% stake in WIGA and is the sole 
shareholder of the gas transport holding company after completion of the transaction on August 30, 2024. 
WIGA is active in the German gas transport business. 
Equity-accounted income of the oil and gas business 
Wintershall Dea contributed -€130 million to net income from shareholdings in 2023 (2022: -€4,853 million). 
This included special items in the amount of -€164 million associated in particular with the planned 
adjustment of the corporate structure. Impairment losses and reversals on the part of Wintershall Dea almost 
balanced each other out in 2023. 
In 2022, net income from shareholdings in Wintershall Dea including special items amounted to around  
-€6.3 billion. Those primarily resulted from impairments and reversals of impairments on Wintershall Dea's 
Russian assets and on its gas transportation business. 
BASF received dividend payments of €291 million from Wintershall Dea in 2023. In the previous year, 
dividend payments from Wintershall Dea amounted to approximately €1 billion. 
BASF's Group Segments as per Q3 2024 
Chemicals 
Q3 2024 
Sales in the Chemicals segment increased considerably compared with the prior-year quarter. This was 
attributable to strong sales growth in the Petrochemicals division. In contrast, sales in the Intermediates 
division declined slightly. 
Both divisions recorded volume growth, especially in Europe, resulting mainly from a slight improvement in 
demand as well as higher product availability following the steam cracker turnarounds in the prior-year 
period. Volumes in the Petrochemicals division rose in particular for steam cracker products and styrene 
monomers. Volumes in the Intermediates division increased primarily in the amines business as well as in 
the acids and polyalcohols business. 
Higher prices overall supported the segment's sales performance. These were mainly driven by price 
increases in the propylene value chain compared with the weak prior-year quarter, as well as, among other 
things, raw materials price-related price increases for steam cracker products in the Petrochemicals division.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
Lower prices in all business areas of the Intermediates division, resulting from competition, had an offsetting 
effect, especially in the butanediol and derivatives business. 
Negative currency effects, largely relating to the Brazilian real, reduced sales slightly. 
The segment's EBITDA before special items grew considerably. Compared with the prior-year period, the 
Petrochemicals division increased earnings sharply, mainly due to a volume-related rise in the contribution 
margin for steam cracker products. Higher fixed costs, relating to the construction of the Verbund site in 
Zhanjiang, China, among other things, dampened earnings growth in the division. Although the 
Intermediates division also increased its contribution margin, EBITDA before special items declined 
considerably in this division. This decrease was attributable to higher fixed costs, mainly resulting from 
scheduled turnarounds. 
Segment cash flow in the Chemicals segment was considerably below the figure of the third quarter of 2023. 
This was mainly driven by higher capital expenditures, especially for the construction of the Verbund site in 
China. Furthermore, in the Intermediates division, inventories were built up in connection with preparations 
for scheduled turnarounds. The earnings increase in the Petrochemicals division was unable to compensate 
for these developments. 
Materials 
Q3 2024 
Sales in the Materials segment increased compared with the prior-year period. Sales growth in the 
Monomers division more than compensated for the mainly price-related decline in sales in the Performance 
Materials division. 
The segment's sales growth was mainly due to increased volumes in the Monomers division as a result of 
a slight improvement in demand, particularly in the MDI, propylene oxide and ammonia value chains. In the 
Performance Materials division, volumes remained stable. 
Overall, prices declined slightly. This was mainly driven by lower price levels in the Performance Materials 
division, primarily in Europe and North America. Price increases in the Monomers division in nearly all 
regions and value chains partially compensated for this decrease. 
Negative currency effects, mainly relating to the Brazilian real, dampened sales performance slightly. 
The segment's EBITDA before special items was considerably above the level of the prior-year quarter. 
Earnings in the Monomers division increased significantly due to higher volumes and prices. The growth 
was contrasted by a slight decline in EBITDA before special items in the Performance Materials division, 
mainly because of higher fixed costs. 
The Materials segment's EBITDA included special charges totalling €34 million, which were primarily 
expenses related to adaptations to the production structure at the Verbund site in Ludwigshafen, Germany. 
Compared with the third quarter of 2023, segment cash flow declined considerably in the Materials segment. 
This resulted primarily from cash tied up in inventories in the Monomers division as well as a lower reduction 
in inventories in the Performance Materials division. By contrast, increased earnings in the Monomers 
division as well as a higher release of cash from trade accounts receivable in both divisions had a positive 
impact on the segment's cash flow development. 
Industrial Solutions 
Q3 2024 
Sales in the Industrial Solutions segment rose in both operating divisions compared with the prior-year 
period. 
The positive sales performance was mainly driven by higher volumes in all regions and nearly all business 
areas due to heightened demand. 
Lower prices in the Performance Chemicals division, which enabled it to defend its market share, had a 
slightly offsetting effect. The slight price increases resulting from the passing on of higher raw materials 
prices in the Dispersions & Resins division partially offset this. 
Compared with the prior-year quarter, both divisions considerably increased EBITDA before special items. 
This rise was predominantly attributable to higher contribution margins, largely as a result of volume growth. 
In line with earnings performance, the segment's EBITDA margin before special items also improved from 
10.6% in the prior-year period to 14.4%. 
Segment cash flow declined considerably compared with the third quarter of 2023, mainly due to cash tied

--- Page 50 ---
50 
up in inventories. Higher earnings in both divisions and an increased release of cash from trade accounts 
receivables were unable to compensate for this. 
Surface Technologies 
Q3 2024 
The Surface Technologies segment recorded a decrease in sales compared with the prior-year quarter, 
which mainly resulted from the decline in the Catalysts division. 
Lower precious and base metal prices in the Catalysts division were the main reason for the segment's sales 
performance. The Coatings division also recorded lower prices, mainly in the automotive refinish coatings 
business. 
Furthermore, lower volumes resulting from the weak automotive market contributed to the decline in sales. 
In the Catalysts division, this especially affected the mobile emissions catalysts business. In contrast, 
volumes increased in the Coatings division, mainly in the decorative paints business. 
Negative currency effects arose from the Brazilian real and the Argentine peso, which primarily had an 
impact on the Coatings division. Portfolio effects in the Catalysts division resulted from the divestiture of the 
production site in De Meern, Netherlands, as of August 31, 2023. 
EBITDA before special items declined considerably in both divisions. Compared with the prior-year quarter, 
EBITDA before special items in the Catalysts division decreased, due primarily to the sharp decline in 
precious metal prices as well as lower sales volumes. In the Coatings division, earnings decreased 
particularly due to the inflation-related rise in fixed costs. The Surface Technologies segment's EBITDA 
margin before special items was 10.9%, following 10.4% in the third quarter of 2023. 
Special items in EBITDA were -€36 million in the third quarter of 2024, which mainly resulted from special 
charges in connection with the conversion of the ERP system for a differentiated steering of the business. 
In line with sales and earnings performance, segment cash flow also declined considerably compared with 
the prior-year quarter. Cash flow in the Coatings division was mainly burdened by the decline in earnings 
and higher capital expenditures. In the Catalysts division, cash flow decreased primarily as a result of a 
lower reduction in inventories as well as earnings performance. Cash released from trade accounts 
receivable as well as lower capital expenditures had a positive impact on the division's cash flow 
development. 
Nutrition & Care 
Q3 2024 
Sales in the Nutrition & Care segment improved compared with the prior-year period. The sales growth in 
the Care Chemicals division more than offset the decline in the Nutrition & Health division. 
The Care Chemicals division raised volumes in all business areas. Volume development in the Nutrition & 
Health division was slightly negative overall, mainly due to lower volumes in the nutrition business in 
connection with the fire at the isophytol plant at the end of July 2024. The strong volume growth of the aroma 
business was unable to compensate for this. 
Prices decreased in nearly all business areas of the segment, primarily as a result of competition. 
Negative currency effects relating to the Argentine peso, the Brazilian real and the Turkish lira dampened 
sales slightly. 
EBITDA before special items improved considerably in both divisions. In the Care Chemicals division, the 
increase was mainly a result of a volume-related rise in the contribution margin and lower variable costs, 
while earnings in the Nutrition & Health division improved, primarily due to lower variable costs. Higher fixed 
costs burdened earnings performance in both divisions. Fixed costs in the Care Chemicals division 
increased, mainly due to positive one-off effects in the prior-year quarter. The Nutrition & Health division 
recorded a rise in fixed costs due largely to the abovementioned plant fire. The segment's EBITDA margin 
before special items increased to 11.7% (prior-year quarter: 6.2%). 
Segment cash flow decreased considerably. Overall, the Nutrition & Health division recorded negative cash 
flow, particularly as a result of higher expenditures for the investments in the aroma business in Zhanjiang, 
China, and Ludwigshafen, Germany. In addition, the reduction in inventories was not as strong as in the 
prior-year quarter. Higher earnings and an increased release of cash from trade accounts receivable 
improved cash flow. The Care Chemicals division recorded positive cash flow overall, although it was 
considerably below the figure of the prior-year period. Here, the earnings increase was unable to 
compensate for a considerably lower reduction in inventories.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Agricultural Solutions 
Q3 2024 
Sales in the Agricultural Solutions segment rose in the third quarter of 2024 due to higher volumes in all 
regions. This performance was partly due to the weak baseline in the prior-year quarter, in which the market 
environment was characterized by cautious purchasing behavior. The volume growth more than 
compensated for negative currency effects and lower prices. 
Sales in Europe increased due to higher prices and volumes, particularly in the fungicides business. This 
more than compensated for lower volumes in the herbicides business and slightly negative currency effects, 
especially relating to the Turkish lira. 
In North America, sales increased considerably due to higher volumes, primarily in seeds and traits. 
Negative currency effects, mainly relating to the Mexican peso, had a dampening impact. 
In Asia, sales were above the prior-year quarter due to higher volumes, predominantly in insecticides and 
fungicides. Lower prices and negative currency effects, mainly from the Indian rupee, reduced the positive 
sales performance. 
Sales in South America, Africa and the Middle East declined due to negative currency effects, mainly from 
the Argentine peso and the Brazilian real, as well as lower prices. Higher volumes in almost all indications 
were unable to fully offset this. 
Compared with the prior-year quarter, EBITDA before special items and the EBITDA margin before special 
items declined considerably. This was mainly attributable to lower prices, negative currency effects and a 
positive one-off effect from an insurance payment in the third quarter of 2023. 
EBITDA in the third quarter of 2024 included special charges totalling €239 million. These related in 
particular to provisions, which were recognized due to the announced closure of the production and 
formulation plants for glufosinate-ammonium in Knapsack and Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
Segment cash flow was considerably below the level of the prior-year period, mainly due to lower EBITDA 
as well as the lower reduction in receivables. A reduction in inventories, compared with an inventories 
buildup in the prior-year period, was unable to fully compensate for this. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Under the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz, WpHG) shareholders and individuals 
having access to voting rights are obliged to notify the issuer and the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) immediately when reaching, exceeding or falling 
below the thresholds of 3, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 50 or 75% of the voting rights in a publicly listed company 
either through the acquisition or disposal of shares or other financial instruments or by any other means 
(Sections 33, 38 and 39 WpHG). 
For details of the history of notifications received by BASF where holders exceeded or fell below any of the 
statutory notification thresholds mentioned above refer to: 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/share-and-adrs/shareholder-structure/notification-of-voting-
rights.html 
The information on this website does not form part of the Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the Commission. 
Based on notifications received by BASF pursuant to Section 33 Paragraph 1 of the WpHG BASF is, as of 
the date of this Prospectus, not aware of any shareholder owning 10% or more of BASF's outstanding 
shares. 
To BASF's knowledge, BASF is not directly or indirectly controlled or owned by another cooperation, by any 
government, or by any other natural or legal person, acting severally or jointly, and there are no 
arrangements which may result in a change of control.  
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
BASF Group did not enter into any contracts in the ordinary course of business, which could result in any 
member of the BASF Group being under an obligation or an entitlement that is material to BASF's ability to 
meet its obligations to the Holders in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
General 
BASF Group companies are involved in legal, regulatory, governmental and arbitration proceedings in 
Germany and a number of foreign jurisdictions, including the United States, involving claims by and against 
them, which arise in the ordinary course of their businesses, including in connection with their business 
activities, employers, investors and taxpayers. It is not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome 
of the ending or threatened proceedings. The management does not believe that the outcome of these 
proceedings, including those discussed below, will have or have had in the 12 months preceding the date 
of this Prospectus significant effects on the financial position or profitability of BASF and/or BASF Group 
after consideration of any applicable reserves. 
Specific proceedings 
Since 2019, numerous lawsuits filed by individuals claiming personal injury or by municipalities or states 
claiming property or natural resource damages for alleged contamination of public and private water supplies 
through per-fluorinated and polyfluorinated alkyl compounds (PFAS) have been pending against members 
of BASF Group, primarily BASF Corporation (a U.S. subsidiary of BASF) in the United States and, since 
2024, also in Canada. Defendants are primarily manufacturers /distributors of water film-forming firefighting 
foam (AFFF) and their suppliers. BASF is a defendant as the legal successor to Ciba, which until 2003 
produced and distributed surfactants for the firefighting foam industry (trade name "Lodyne").  
Overall, members of BASF Group are defendants in over 4,400 of such lawsuits as of September 2024 and 
are defending against these claims. At this time, BASF cannot predict the outcome of resolving these matters 
or what potential actions may be taken by regulatory agencies. An adverse outcome could be material to 
BASF's financial results. 
On May 20, 2024, BASF Corporation agreed to a class settlement with U.S. public water systems that 
detected PFAS in their drinking water sources, which they allege to be associated with the use of AFFF 
products. BASF Corporation agreed to contribute $316.5 million in total ($312.5 million to resolve the PFAS 
claims, plus $4 million toward settlement administration costs). BASF Corporation has already paid the $4 
million for costs of settlement administration on July 18, 2024, and will pay the $312.5 million to resolve the 
PFAS claims on March 1, 2025, if the settlement is approved by court which is expected to happen in 
November 2024. BASF Corporation has a significant amount of insurance through a number of insurers and 
is pursuing recovery of its settlement payment under those policies. The settlement releases these claims 
against BASF Corporation, Ciba, and other related corporate entities. It does not constitute an admission of 
liability or wrongdoing by BASF Corporation or Ciba. BASF and its relevant affiliates also intend to continue 
to defend itself in all remaining AFFF matters. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGES/TREND INFORMATION 
There have been no significant changes in the financial position of BASF Group since September 30, 2024. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of BASF Group since the date of the last 
published audited financial statements as of December 31, 2023. There has not been any significant change 
in the financial performance of BASF Group since September 30, 2024, the end of the last financial period 
for which financial information has been published, to the date of the Prospectus. 
ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT AND OUTLOOK 
According to the most recent estimates, global gross domestic product ("GDP") grew by around 2.7% in the 
third quarter of 2024 compared with the prior-year quarter. 
In the European Union ("E.U."), GDP grew by around 1% compared with the prior-year quarter, which was 
considerably below the global average. According to current expectations, Germany is in a recession, as 
GDP is expected to have decreased for the second time quarter-on-quarter. Germany's economy is also 
estimated to have contracted compared with the third quarter of 2023. Italy's economy grew slightly 
compared with the previous year, however at a rate expected to be less than 1%. Growth in France 
accelerated temporarily to more than 1%, due in part to the positive economic stimulus generated by the 
Olympics. GDP growth in Spain was considerably higher at around 3%. 
According to current estimates, the U.S. economy's momentum in the third quarter slowed just slightly. At 
nearly 2.5%, GDP growth is expected to be considerably stronger than in the E.U. However, this growth 
continued to be heavily driven by services; the industrial economy in the United States remained weak.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
In China, GDP growth weakened to just under 5% in the third quarter. Industry was a key driver of this 
economic development. From a demand perspective, domestic consumption nevertheless remained weak 
and growth was driven primarily by the solid export economy. 
Based on preliminary, partly estimated data, global industrial production in the third quarter expanded by a 
total of 1.5% compared with the previous year. Developments varied by region: In the E.U., production in 
the manufacturing sector continued to decline, while in the United States it largely stagnated. By contrast, 
production in Asia's large emerging markets expanded. Production in the manufacturing sector is estimated 
to have increased by around 5% in China and by some 3% in India. Together, the two countries account for 
around 40% of value creation in the global manufacturing sector. 
By contrast, production in the automotive industry declined sharply overall: According to recent forecasts, 
around 1.2 million fewer vehicles were produced in the third quarter of 2024 than in the third quarter of the 
previous year, which reflects a decrease of more than 5%. This affected all major markets: In the E.U. and 
North America, production decreased by between 5% and 6%, in China by around 4%, in Japan by nearly 
6% and by about 8% in South Korea. 
In the consumer goods sector, demand for durables was particularly weak. By contrast, global food 
production increased moderately. According to recent estimates, production of care chemicals trended 
sideways. 
Although long-term interest rates have now declined slightly, demand in the construction sector remained 
weak, especially for new construction in the private housing segment. In the E.U., construction activity 
declined. In the United States, real construction spending increased, while construction starts for private 
housing decreased by 6% compared with the prior-year quarter. In China, the crisis in the real estate market 
continued to have a negative impact on the construction sector. 
The agricultural sector presented a mixed scenario: Lower prices for agricultural goods dampened demand 
for agrochemicals. Conversely, lower customer inventories in Europe and North America bolstered the 
market. 
Global chemical production rose by around 4% in the third quarter of 2024 compared with the previous year. 
China drove global production with growth of around 6% and widely varying growth rates for individual 
products and segments. Outside China, by contrast, production increased on average by only around 1.5%. 
In the E.U., chemical production is estimated to have grown at an above-average rate of 3%. By contrast, 
chemical production in the United States stagnated. 
The oil price averaged $80 per barrel (Brent crude) in the third quarter, below the level of the prior-year 
quarter ($86 per barrel). The fluctuation range was comparatively high with daily prices of around $70 to 
around $90 per barrel. While weak demand and Saudi Arabia's announced production increase dampened 
oil prices, the conflicts in the Middle East temporarily boosted oil prices. 
For the full year 2024, BASF's assumptions for global chemical growth may prove to be too conservative. 
This will largely depend on whether chemical production in China can continue to grow at a high level. With 
respect to the industrial economy, however, leading economic indicators signal a global deceleration for the 
fourth quarter of 2024. Against this backdrop, BASF's assumptions remain unchanged: 
- 
Growth in gross domestic product: +2.3% 
- 
Growth in industrial production: +2.2% 
- 
Growth in chemical production: +2.7% 
- 
Average euro/dollar exchange rate of $1.10 per euro 
- 
Average annual oil price (Brent crude) of $80 per barrel 
The BASF Group's forecast for the 2024 business year published in the BASF Report 2023 also remains 
unchanged. 
For the fourth quarter of 2024, there are risks from potential declines in prices and lower volume growth than 
expected. Opportunities may arise from a positive development in demand and margins.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
RECENT EVENTS 
• 
At its 2024 Capital Markets Day on September 26 and 27, 2024, BASF presented its new strategy 
'Winning Ways'. The new corporate strategy is aimed at more speed in value creation, simplified internal 
organization, more streamlined and more differentiated steering of the BASF Group as well as driving 
forward the green transformation. The four strategic levers are: Focus, Accelerate, Transform and Win. 
In the context of the strategic lever Focus, in the future, BASF will differentiate between core businesses 
(Chemicals, Materials, Industrial Solutions and Nutrition & Care) and standalone businesses 
(Environmental Catalyst and Metal Solutions, Battery Materials, Coatings and Agricultural Solutions) 
that serve distinct industries. As of January 1, 2025, Environmental Catalyst and Metal Solutions as well 
as Battery Materials will be reported as separate divisions in the Surface Technologies segment. 
Additionally, the chemical and refinery catalysts business, formerly part of the Catalysts division, will be 
reported as part of the Performance Chemicals division as of this date. 
As part of its strategy communication, BASF also announced new financial targets and an updated 
dividend policy. EBITDA before special items is expected to be between €10 billion and €12 billion in 
2028 in moderate to good economic conditions. For the cumulative free cash flow for 2025 to 2028, a 
figure of more than €12 billion is the target. The targeted return on capital employed (ROCE) for 2028 
is around 10%. BASF is committed to keeping the overall distribution to shareholders at prior-year levels 
through a combination of dividends and share buybacks. In this way, the company aims to distribute at 
least €12 billion to shareholders from 2025 to 2028. Specifically, the company will pay a dividend of at 
least €2.25 per share or around €2 billion each year. This will already apply to the dividend for the 2024 
business year to be paid out in 2025. The aggregate dividend payment of around €8 billion in the four-
year period will be complemented by share buybacks, which are targeted from 2027 onward at the latest 
and expected to amount to around €4 billion. 
• 
On September 3, 2024, the sale of Wintershall Dea's E&P business excluding Russia-related activities 
to Harbour Energy plc, London/United Kingdom, was completed. The E&P business consists of 
production and development assets, exploration rights and licenses from Wintershall Dea for the storage 
of carbon dioxide. In return, the shareholders of Wintershall Dea - BASF (72.7%) and LetterOne (27.3%) 
received a total cash payment of $1.76 billion (BASF share: €1.28 billion), including a purchase price 
adjustment, and new shares issued by Harbour Energy plc representing a total 54.5% stake in the 
enlarged Harbour company (BASF share on total equity: 39.6%). With this divestiture, BASF took the 
decisive step toward achieving final separation from the oil and gas business. 
• 
On August 29, 2024, BASF announced further plant closures implemented as part of the cost savings 
program for the Ludwigshafen site in Germany: The production plants for cyclododecanon and 
cyclopentanon will be shut down in the first half of 2025 and adipic acid production, which has already 
been significantly reduced since February 2023, will be discontinued in the course of 2025. These 
structural adjustments affect approximately 180 positions. BASF will support the employees in finding 
new employment opportunities within the BASF Group. 
• 
On July 29, 2024, a fire occurred in the isophytol plant at the BASF site in Ludwigshafen, Germany. The 
incident caused damage to the plant, which has been shut down and is now in a safe condition. As a 
result, BASF SE declared with immediate effect and until further notice force majeure on deliveries of 
selected vitamin A, vitamin E and carotenoid products as well as certain aroma ingredients. 
• 
On July 10, 2024, BASF announced that it would cease production of the active ingredient glufosinate-
ammonium (GA) at the Knapsack and Frankfurt am Main sites in Germany by the end of 2024. GA 
formulation in Frankfurt will end in 2025. Subsequently, both production facilities will be shut down. The 
active ingredient GA remains a key component of BASF's global herbicide portfolio and will be sourced 
from third-party suppliers in the future. This measure involves approximately 300 positions. The closure 
led to special charges in the low triple-digit million-euro range in the third quarter of 2024, which had a 
negative impact on the Agricultural Solutions segment's earnings. 
• 
On April 25, 2024, at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting, the shareholders approved a dividend of 3.40 
per share as proposed by the Board of Executive Directors. 
• 
In accordance with the resolution of the Supervisory Board as of December 20, 2023, Dr. Katja 
Scharpwinkel succeeded Dr. Melanie Maas-Brunner, effective as of February 1, 2024. Anup Kothari 
was appointed to the Board of Executive Directors, effective as of March 1, 2024. In addition, Michael 
Heinz's contract was extended until the 2026 Annual Shareholders' Meeting. Furthermore, Dr. Markus 
Kamieth took over as Chairman of the Board of Executive Directors of BASF SE on conclusion of the 
Annual Shareholders' Meeting on April 25, 2024. He succeeded Dr. Martin Brudermüller, whose 
mandate ended with the Annual Shareholders' Meeting. These personnel changes also led to a 
redistribution of divisional responsibilities: Dr. Stephan Kothrade took over responsibility for research

--- Page 55 ---
55 
and development and assumed the role of Chief Technology Officer as of January 1, 2024. He has also 
been responsible for the Asia Pacific region since March 1, 2024. Dr. Katja Scharpwinkel was named 
Industrial Relations Director and took over responsibility for the Europe region. In addition, Tamara 
Weinert was elected shareholder representative on the Supervisory Board at the Annual Shareholders' 
Meeting of BASF SE. She succeeded Dame Alison Carnwath. 
• 
At the end of February, BASF introduced an additional cost savings program to counteract the declining 
earnings trend of the Ludwigshafen site in Germany. The program aims to reduce costs at the site by 
€1 billion per year by the end of 2026. It is set to save costs in both production and nonproduction areas. 
Fixed costs will be reduced considerably through increased efficiency, adapted production capacities 
and improved processes. This cost savings program is an addition to the package of measures focusing 
on Europe and particularly on Germany from February 2023, with which BASF also aims to achieve 
around €1.1 billion in cost savings by the end of 2026. Total annual savings of more than €2 billion are 
expected from the end of 2026. 
• 
In April 2024, Vattenfall and BASF contractually agreed on the purchase of 49% of shares in Vattenfall's 
Nordlicht 1 and 2 wind farm projects by BASF. The Nordlicht wind farm projects are being built in the 
German North Sea without government subsidies and will have a total installed capacity of 1.6 
gigawatts. BASF will use just under half of the electricity generated to supply its chemical production 
sites in Europe, particularly Ludwigshafen. Subject to the final investment decision, which is expected 
in 2025, construction of Nordlicht 1 and 2 is scheduled to begin in 2026. The wind farms are expected 
to become fully operational in 2028. 
• Since the beginning of the 2024 business year, BASF has been pursuing a Differentiated Steering 
concept. Industry-specific key performance indicators tailored to the respective business will enable 
BASF to increase the competitiveness of its business units and thus the profitability of the BASF Group. 
BASF has established two new most important financial key performance indicators for the BASF 
Group's short and medium-term steering: EBITDA before special items and free cash flow. Scope 1 and 
2 CO2 emissions remain the most important nonfinancial key performance indicator at Group level.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
BASF FINANCE EUROPE N.V. AS ISSUER 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
The independent auditors of BASF Finance as of and for the financial years ended December 31, 2022, and 
December 31, 2023, were BDO Audit & Assurance B.V., P.O. Box 71730, 1008 DE Amsterdam, Krijgsman 
9, 1186 DM Amstelveen, The Netherlands. The auditor signing on behalf of BDO Audit & Assurance B.V. is 
a member of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). BDO Audit & Assurance B.V. have audited the financial statements 
of BASF Finance for the years 2023 and 2022 which were prepared in accordance with Dutch GAAP and 
have issued an unqualified opinion.  
The independent auditors of BASF Finance for the financial year starting January 1, 2024, will be Deloitte 
Accountants B.V. ("Deloitte Netherlands"), Wilhelminakade 1, 3072 AP, Rotterdam, The Netherlands. 
Deloitte Netherlands is a member of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke 
Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
Investors should read the information below together with the financial statements of BASF Finance, 
including the notes thereto, and the other financial information that is included elsewhere in, or incorporated 
by reference into, this Prospectus. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial information below was extracted from the audited financial statements of BASF Finance for 
the years ended December 31, 2023, and 2022 and from the unaudited half-year reports 2024 and 2023. 
All statements have been prepared in accordance with Dutch GAAP.  
 
 
January 1, 2024 - 
June 30, 2024 
January 1, 2023 - 
June 30, 2023 
 
thousand EUR 
Sales 
- 
- 
Financial result 
497 
309 
Other operating expenses 
97 
114 
Net result 
306 
135 
 
 
 
 
June 30, 2024 
June 30, 2023 
 
thousand EUR 
Total assets 
696,290 
695,551 
Stockholders' equity 
6,668 
6,332 
Noncurrent liabilities 
498,442 
681,615 
Current liabilities 
191,180 
7,604 
 
 
 
January 1, 2023 – 
December 31, 2023 
January 1, 2022 – 
December 31, 2022 
 
thousand EUR 
Sales 
- 
- 
Financial result 
518 
319 
Other operating expenses 
280 
214 
Tax on result from ordinary activities 
(73) 
(31) 
Net income 
165 
74

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
December 31, 2023 
December 31, 2022 
 
thousand EUR 
Total assets 
691,421 
698,091 
Stockholders' equity 
6,362 
6,197 
Provisions 
- 
- 
Noncurrent liabilities 
678,939 
684,684 
Current liabilities 
6,120 
7,210 
 
 
for the Financial Year ended  
December 31 
for the first half year ended 
June 30 
 
EUR thousand 
2023 
2022 
2024 
2023 
Cash flows (used in) / from operating 
activities 
308 
45 
948 
993 
Cash flows (used in) / from financing 
activities 
(1,000) 
(8,600) 
(2,000) 
- 
Cash flows (used in) / from investing 
activities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The audited financial statements of BASF Finance for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2022, and 
the auditor's report thereon, contained in the Financial Report on pages 10-28, are incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus. 
The audited financial statements of BASF Finance for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2023, and 
the auditor's report thereon, contained in the Financial Report on pages 10-28, are incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus. 
The unaudited interim financial statements of BASF Finance as of June 30, 2024, contained in the Semi-
Annual Report 2024 on pages 9-25, are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT BASF FINANCE 
BASF Finance Europe N.V. was incorporated on April 22, 1976, under the laws of The Netherlands as a 
public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap). It is operating under the laws of The Netherlands. 
The company has its corporate seat in Arnhem, The Netherlands and is registered with the trade register of 
the Dutch chamber of commerce (Handelsregister van de Kamer van Koophandel) under number 09041351. 
Its registered office is: Velperplein 23, 6811 AH Arnhem, The Netherlands (telephone: 0031-26371 7171). 
BASF Finance acts solely to facilitate the financing of BASF Group. All debt securities of BASF Finance 
(such as the Notes) are wholly and unconditionally guaranteed by BASF in respect of principal and interest 
payments. Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of BASF Finance is 724500670HAI5ERPDA03. The website of BASF 
Finance is www.basf.com. The information on this website does not form part of the Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the Commission. 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
BASF Finance is a wholly owned subsidiary of BASF and has no subsidiaries of its own. 
Management Bodies 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors consists of the following members: 
• Frank Wilhelmi, Eppelheim, Germany, Vice President Corporate Finance of BASF SE. 
• R.J. Holtermann, Arnhem, The Netherlands, Director of BASF Nederland B.V.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
• I.J. Hoekstra, Arnhem, The Netherlands, General Manager of BASF Nederland B.V. 
None of the above members of the Board of Directors have any conflict of interests between any duties to 
BASF Finance and their private interests or other duties. 
The members of the Board of Directors may be contacted at BASF Finance's business address: 
Velperplein 23, 6811 AH Arnhem, The Netherlands. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board consists of the following members: 
• Oliver Nussbaum, Wachenheim, Germany, Senior Vice President Tax of BASF SE 
• Birka Benecke, Mannheim, Germany, Senior Vice President Corporate Treasury of BASF SE 
• Cornelis Maria Becx, Nijmegen, The Netherlands, Head of Legal & Insurances, BASF Nederland B.V. 
None of the above members of the Supervisory Board have any potential conflict of interests between any 
duties to BASF Finance and their private interests or other duties. 
The members of the Supervisory Board may be contacted at BASF Finance's business address: Velperplein 
23, 6811 AH Arnhem, The Netherlands. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW – PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND PRINCIPAL MARKETS 
According to Article (2) of its Articles of Association, BASF Finance acts to facilitate the financing of BASF 
Group by taking loans from and issuing notes to the market and on-lending the funds to companies within 
BASF Group. The business of BASF Finance is directly related to the extent BASF SE utilizes BASF Finance 
for future funding needs. The extent future funding needs arise depends on the development of the operating 
business and investment projects of BASF SE and its subsidiaries. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
There are no, nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings and BASF Finance is 
not aware of any such proceedings pending or threatened which may have or have had in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Prospectus a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of BASF 
Finance or BASF Group. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGES/TREND INFORMATION 
There have been no significant changes in the financial position of BASF Finance since June 30, 2024. There 
has been no material adverse change in the prospects of BASF Finance since the date of the last published 
audited financial statements as of December 31, 2023. No developments are currently foreseen that are 
reasonably likely to have a material negative effect on BASF Finance's prospects. There has not been any 
significant change in the financial performance of BASF Group since September 30, 2024, the end of the last 
financial period for which financial information has been published, to the date of the Prospectus. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Share capital 
The authorized share capital of BASF Finance amounts to €2,086,875. It is divided into 46,375 ordinary 
registered shares with a nominal value of €45 each. Each share represents one vote. All issued shares have 
fully been paid up. All shares are registered shares. No share certificates have been nor will be issued. 
Credit rating 
BASF Finance itself is not rated by any rating agency. BASF guarantees the payment of interest on and 
principal of the Notes issued by BASF Finance. For detailed information about the BASF rating please refer 
to chapter "BASF SE as Issuer and Guarantor – Organizational Structure – Credit ratings".

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
Introduction 
 The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth 
below for two options: 
 
 Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes 
with fixed interest rates.  
 
 Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes 
with floating interest rates. 
 
 The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains certain further 
options, which are characterized accordingly by indicating the respective optional 
provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in 
square brackets within the set of Terms and Conditions.  
 
 In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of Option I or Option II including 
certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall apply with respect to an 
individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the relevant provisions or by referring to 
the relevant options. 
 
 To the extent that upon the approval of the Prospectus neither any Issuer nor the 
Guarantor had knowledge of certain items which are applicable to an individual issue of 
Notes, this Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square brackets which include 
the relevant items that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
In the case the 
Final Terms 
applicable to an 
individual issue 
only refer to the 
further options 
contained in the 
set of Terms and 
Conditions for 
Option I or Option 
II, the following 
applies  
 [The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by the 
terms of the final terms which are attached hereto the "Final Terms"). The blanks in the 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such 
information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or optional 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to which the corresponding provisions of 
the Final Terms are not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from 
these Terms and Conditions; and all provisions of these Terms and Conditions which 
are inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and text set out 
in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions, 
as required to give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms 
may be obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the 
principal office of the Issuer provided that, in the case of Notes which are not listed on 
any stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available to Holders 
of such Notes.] 
 
 OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed interest rates  
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 (1) Currency; Denomination. This series (the "Series") of notes (the "Notes") of [BASF 
SE] [BASF Finance Europe N.V.] (["BASF"]["BASF Finance"] or the "Issuer") is being 
issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal 
amount [in the case the global note is an NGN the following applies: , subject to § 
1(4),] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount in 
words]) in the denomination of [specified denomination] (the "Specified 
Denomination"). 
 
 (2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
represented 
 [(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note 
(the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be

--- Page 60 ---
60 
by a Permanent 
Global Note the 
following applies 
(for Notes issued 
in compliance with 
the C Rules and/or 
Notes kept in 
custody by or on 
behalf of CDS) 
signed by authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
initially 
represented by a 
Temporary  
Global Note the 
following applies 
(for Notes issued 
in compliance with 
the D Rules) 
 [(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange.  
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable 
for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented by a permanent global note 
(the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by authorized signatories of the 
Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive 
Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
 
 (b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global Note 
from a date 40 days after the date of issue of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions) as required by U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on Notes represented 
by a Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. 
A separate certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. 
Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to 
exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to this subparagraph (b) of this 
§ 1(3). Any securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States (as defined in § 6(2)).] 
 
 (4) Clearing System. The global note representing the Notes will be kept in custody by 
[or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [If more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Neue Börsenstr. 1, 60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, 
("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgium, ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and 
together the "ICSDs")] and any successor in such capacity.] [CDS & Co., as nominee 
for CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. ("CDS", or the "Clearing System").] 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and 
the global note is 
an NGN the 
following applies 
 [The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
 The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the global note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records 
of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the 
global note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD stating the amount 
of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
 On any redemption or payment of interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the global note the Issuer shall procure 
that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may 
be) in respect of the global note shall be entered accordingly in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the global note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
 
 [In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN the following applies: On an 
exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered accordingly in the 
records of the ICSDs.]] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and 
the global note is a 
CGN the following 
applies 
 [The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody by 
a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes which are 
represented 
by a Permanent 
Global Note kept in 
custody by or on 
behalf of CDS the 
following applies 
 [Beneficial interests in the Permanent Global Note will be represented through book-
entry accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct 
and indirect participants in CDS. Interests in the Permanent Global Note may be held 
by participants of such systems directly through any of CDS, 85, Richmond Street West, 
Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 2C9 (in Canada), Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, ("CBL") and Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium, ("Euroclear") (CBL 
and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs") (in Europe), or indirectly 
through organizations which are participants in such systems. Euroclear and CBL will 
hold interests on behalf of their participants through customers' securities accounts in 
their respective names on the books of their respective Canadian subcustodians, each 
of which is a Canadian Schedule I chartered bank ("Canadian Subcustodians"), which 
in turn will hold such interests in customers' securities accounts in the names of the 
Canadian Subcustodians on the books of CDS. 
 
 For so long as any of the Notes are represented by the Permanent Global Note, the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any other paying agents shall treat CDS & Co., or any other 
nominee appointed by CDS, as the sole holder of such Permanent Global Note for all 
purposes. The Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note will be transferable 
only in accordance with the rules and procedures of CDS. Direct rights can only be 
exercised in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the rules and procedures 
of CDS. 
 
 No beneficial owner of the Notes will be entitled to receive physical delivery of Notes in 
definitive form except in the limited circumstances described below. If the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note are held by or on behalf of CDS and (i) CDS 
has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as a depository for 
the Notes and a successor depository is not appointed by the Issuer within 90 Payment 
Business Days (as defined in § 4(4)) after receiving such notice; or (ii) CDS ceases to 
be a recognized clearing agency under the Securities Act (Ontario) or a self-regulatory 
organization under the Securities Act (Québec) or other applicable Canadian securities 
legislation and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Issuer is available within 
90 Payment Business Days of the Issuer becoming aware that CDS is no longer so 
recognized, the Issuer will issue, or cause to be issued, definitive Notes in exchange for 
the Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 (5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or [In 
the case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note kept in 
custody by or on behalf of CDS the following applies: (except as otherwise provided 
in § 1(4) above and § 4(1) below)] other beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
  
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE ISSUER[, GUARANTEE AND NEGATIVE 
PLEDGE OF THE GUARANTOR] 
 
 (1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations 
are accorded priority under mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
 
 (2) Negative Pledge. The Issuer undertakes, as long as any Notes are outstanding, but 
only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal 
of the Fiscal Agent, not to provide security upon any of its assets for any present or

--- Page 62 ---
62 
future Capital Market Indebtedness or any guarantees or other indemnities resulting 
therefrom, without at the same time having the Holders share equally and ratably in 
such security or such other security as shall be approved by an independent accounting 
firm of internationally recognized standing as being equivalent security. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any obligation for the repayment of borrowed 
money which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes or other 
securities, with an original maturity of more than one year, which are, or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other recognized 
securities market. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(3) Guarantee and Negative Pledge of the Guarantor. BASF (the "Guarantor") has 
given its unconditional and irrevocable guarantee (the "Guarantee") for the due and 
punctual payment of principal of, and interest on, and any other amounts payable under 
any Note. The Guarantor has further undertaken in a negative pledge (the "Negative 
Pledge"), so long as any of the Notes are outstanding, but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, 
not to provide security upon any of its assets for any present or future Capital Market 
Indebtedness (as defined above) or any guarantees or other indemnities resulting 
therefrom, without at the same time having the Holders share equally and ratably in 
such security as shall be approved by an independent accounting firm of internationally 
recognized standing as being equivalent security. The Guarantee and Negative Pledge 
constitute a contract for the benefit of the Holders from time to time as third party 
beneficiaries in accordance with § 328 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch, 
BGB), giving rise to the right of each Holder to require performance of the Guarantee 
and the Negative Pledge directly from the Guarantor and to enforce the Guarantee and 
the Negative Pledge directly against the Guarantor.] 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST 
 
 (1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
If the Notes are 
endowed with a 
constant interest 
rate the following 
applies 
 [The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate principal amount at the rate of [Rate 
of Interest]% per annum from (and including) [Interest Commencement Date] (the 
"Interest Commencement Date" to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in 
§ 5(1)). Interest shall be payable in arrear on [Fixed Interest Date or Dates] in each 
year (each such date, an "Interest Payment Date").] 
 
  
If the Notes are 
endowed with 
different interest 
rates the following 
applies 
 [The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate principal amount as follows which shall 
be payable in arrear on the relevant Interest Payment Date: 
 
 
From 
(and including) 
 
[specified dates] 
To 
(but excluding) 
 
[specified dates] 
(each such date, an 
"Interest Payment Date") 
 
 
per cent. per annum 
 
[specified rates]] 
 
 The first payment of interest shall be made on [First Interest Payment Date] [If First 
Interest Payment Date is not first anniversary of Interest Commencement Date 
the following applies: and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination].] [If Maturity Date is not a Fixed Interest Date the following applies: 
Interest in respect of the period from (and including) [Fixed Interest Date preceding 
the Maturity Date] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date will amount to [Final Broken 
Amount per Specified Denomination].]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 (2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when due, interest 
shall continue to accrue beyond the due date until the actual redemption of the Notes 
at the statutory default rate of interest.(1) 
 
 (3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for 
a period of other than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below). 
 
 (4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means with regard to the calculation of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest payments 
(excluding the case 
of short or long 
coupons) the 
following applies 
 [the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the actual number of 
days in the respective Interest Period.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest payments 
(including the case 
of short coupons) 
the following 
applies 
 [the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the number of days in the 
Reference Period (as defined below) in which the Calculation Period falls.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with two or more 
constant interest 
periods within an 
interest year 
(including in the 
case of short 
coupons) the 
following applies 
 [the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period falls and (2) the number 
of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur in one 
calendar year if interest were payable in respect of the whole of such year.]  
 
  
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) is 
applicable and if 
the Calculation 
Period is longer 
than one Reference 
Period (long 
coupon) the 
following applies 
 [the sum of:  
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Reference Period in 
which the Calculation Period begins divided by [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year the following applies: the product of (x)] the 
number of days in such Reference Period [In the case of Reference Periods of 
less than one year the following applies: and (y) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur in one 
calendar year if interest were payable in respect of the whole of such year]; and 
 
 (b) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Reference Period 
divided by [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one year the 
following applies: the product of (x)] the number of days in such Reference 
Period [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one year the following 
applies: and (y) the number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one calendar 
year or that would occur in one calendar year if interest were payable in respect 
of the whole of such year].] 
 
 
The following 
applies for all 
options of Actual/ 
Actual (ICMA Rule 
 ["Reference Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date or from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to, but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. 
 
(1) 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time; §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch, BGB).

--- Page 64 ---
64 
251) except for 
option 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest payments 
(excluding the case 
of short or long 
coupons) 
[In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period the following applies: For the 
purposes of determining the relevant Reference Period only, [deemed Interest 
Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.] [In the case of a 
long first or last Calculation Period the following applies: For the purposes of 
determining the relevant Reference Period only, [deemed Interest Payment Dates] 
shall each be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date].] 
 
  
In the case of 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
the following 
applies 
 [the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
 
  
In the case of 
30/360, 360/360 or 
Bond Basis the 
following applies 
 [the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated pursuant to the 
following formula: 
𝐷𝐶𝐹= [360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
Where: 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30.] 
 
  
In the case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis 
the following 
applies 
 [the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated pursuant to the 
following formula: 
𝐷𝐶𝐹= [360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
Where: 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 65 ---
65 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes denominated 
in CAD and kept in 
custody by or on 
behalf of CDS the 
following applies 
 [(5) Interest Act (Canada). For purposes of the disclosure required under the Interest 
Act (Canada), whenever any interest is calculated on the basis of a period of time other 
than a calendar year, the annual rate of interest to which each implied rate of interest 
applicable to such calculation is equivalent for the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada) 
is such implied rate multiplied by the actual number of days in the calendar year in which 
the same is to be ascertained and divided by the number of days used in the basis of 
such determination. The foregoing sentence is a disclosure statement required by 
Canadian law and, for greater certainty, nothing in this subparagraph (5) modifies in 
any way how interest is calculated on the Notes for any period.] 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 (1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, 
subject to § 4(2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts 
of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System outside the United States. 
 
 (b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2), 
to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System outside the United States. Payment of interest on Notes represented 
by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to § 4(2), to the Clearing System 
or to its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon 
due certification as provided in § 1(3)(b). 
In the case of 
principal and 
interest payable on 
a Permanent 
Global Note kept in 
custody by or on 
behalf of CDS the 
following applies 
 [Payment of Principal and Interest, Discharge. Principal and interest payments in 
respect of the Notes will be made to CDS & Co., or any other nominee appointed by 
CDS, and CDS will distribute the payment received to the relevant securities accounts. 
CDS & Co., or any other nominee appointed by CDS, which shall be treated as the sole 
holder of the Permanent Global Note, shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of the Notes represented by such Permanent Global Note and the 
Issuer shall be discharged by payment to or to the order of, the sole holder of such 
Permanent Global Note for each amount so paid. Each person shown in the records of 
CDS as the beneficial owner of a particular principal amount of the Notes represented 
by the Permanent Global Note must look solely to CDS for his, her or its share of each 
payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the sole holder of the Permanent 
Global Note. No person other than the holder of the Permanent Global Note shall have 
any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on such Permanent Global 
Note.] 
 
 (2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, [In the case of Notes denominated in 
Renminbi, the following applies: and subject to a settlement at the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent due to Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity in accordance with 
subparagraph (7)], payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in 
the Specified Currency. 
In the case of 
principal and 
interest payable on 
a global note kept 
in custody by CBF 
or on behalf of the 
ICSDs the 
following applies 
 [(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System.] 
 
 [(4)] Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note is not a Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment

--- Page 66 ---
66 
until the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any day which is 
In the case of 
Notes not 
denominated in 
EUR the following 
applies 
 [a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in [relevant financial centre(s)] and on which the 
Clearing System is open to effect payments.] 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes denominated 
in EUR, the 
following applies 
 [a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System as well as all 
relevant parts of the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or 
any successor or replacement system ("T2") are open to effect payments]. 
 
 [(5)] References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions 
to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes; the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; [If 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer for other than tax reasons the following 
applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [If redeemable at the option of 
the Holder the following applies: the Put Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [If 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer upon publication of a Transaction Trigger 
Notice the following applies: the Trigger Call Redemption Amount;] and any premium 
and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable under 
§ 7. 
 
 [(6)] Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by 
BASF FINANCE, the following applies: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] may 
deposit with the local court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany, principal or interest not claimed by Holders within twelve months after the 
Maturity Date, even though such Holders may not be in default of acceptance of 
payment. If and to the extent that the deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal is 
waived, the respective claims of such Holders against the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by BASF FINANCE the following applies: or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor] shall cease. 
In the case of 
Notes denominated 
in Renminbi, the 
following applies 
 [(7) (a) Payment Postponement or U.S. Dollar Equivalent Settlement. 
Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in the Terms and Conditions, if by 
reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each an "RMB Currency 
Event"), the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor] determines (in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) that it is not able to satisfy in full payments in respect of the Notes [In the case 
of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, in respect of the 
Guarantee] when due in RMB in Hong Kong, the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued 
by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] may [If early redemption 
at the option of the Issuer for Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity is 
applicable, the following applies:, subject to an early redemption pursuant to 
§ 5([7]),] at its sole discretion (i) postpone the relevant payment to two Business Days 
after the date on which the RMB Currency Event ceases to exist unless the RMB 
Currency Event continues to exist 14 consecutive days after the relevant due date, or 
(ii) settle any such payment in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
of any such RMB amount. If the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF 
Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] decides to postpone the relevant 
payment and the RMB Currency Event continues to exist for more than 14 consecutive 
days after the relevant due date, the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF 
Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] will settle the relevant payment in 
U.S. dollars on the Business Day following the 14th consecutive day after the relevant 
due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such RMB amount. Upon the 
determination that an RMB Currency Event has occurred, the Issuer [In the case of 
Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] shall by no 
later than 14:00 (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date, (i) notify the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in § 6), and (ii) instruct the Calculation Agent to notify the 
Holders in accordance with § 13, of the occurrence of an RMB Currency Event and the

--- Page 67 ---
67 
decision of the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor] to postpone payments or to settle payments in U.S. dollars, as 
the case may be. In such circumstances, the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by 
BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] shall procure the giving of such 
notice to the Holders as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with § 13. In the 
case of payments made under this § 4[(7)](a), no interest shall accrue from and 
including the relevant due date of the Notes to and including the day of actual 
redemption of the Notes. 
 
 (b) U.S. Dollar Payments. If the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF 
Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] decides to settle payments in U.S. 
dollars, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant RMB amount will be 
made to the person(s) in accordance with this § 4. Payment made in accordance 
therewith shall discharge the obligations of the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by 
BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] in respect of that payment 
under the Notes [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may 
be, in respect of the Guarantee]. 
 
 (c) Unavailability of Spot Rate. If (a) the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF 
Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] decides to settle payments in U.S. 
dollars, and (b) it becomes impossible to obtain the Spot Rate on the Rate Calculation 
Date, the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor] may at its sole discretion postpone the Rate Calculation Date to the 
next Business Day on which the Spot Rate can be obtained unless the unavailability of 
the Spot Rate continues for up to 15 consecutive days after the day that, but for the 
unavailability of the Spot Rate, would have been the Rate Calculation Date (the "Initial 
Rate Calculation Date"). If the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF 
Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] decides to postpone the Rate 
Calculation Date and the Spot Rate does not become available until the 15th 
consecutive day after the Initial Rate Calculation Date, the Business Day first 
succeeding the 15th consecutive day after the Initial Rate Calculation Date shall be the 
Rate Calculation Date. If the Rate Calculation Date is postponed the relevant due date 
for payments will be postponed to the second Business Day after the Rate Calculation 
Date. The Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor] shall without undue delay after it has determined that it becomes 
impossible to obtain the Spot Rate on the Rate Calculation Date (i) notify the 
Calculation Agent, and (ii) instruct the Calculation Agent to notify the Holders in 
accordance with § 13, of the unavailability of the Spot Rate and the decision of the 
Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor] to postpone the Rate Calculation Date or to instruct the Calculation Agent 
to determine the Spot Rate. In such circumstances, the Issuer [In the case of Notes 
issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] shall procure the 
giving of such notice to the Holders as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance 
with § 13. In the case of payments made under this § 4[(7)](c), no interest shall accrue 
from and including the relevant due date of the Notes to and including the day of actual 
redemption of the Notes. 
 
 (d) Definitions. For the purposes of this subparagraph (7), the following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
 
 "Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency 
or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental 
authority of Hong Kong or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation 
of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
 
 "Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's 
Republic of China. 
 
 "Illiquidity" means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, 
other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-transferability, as a result of 
which the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor] cannot, having used its reasonable endeavours, obtain sufficient 
RMB in order to fully satisfy its obligation to make payments in respect of the Notes [In 
the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, in respect of 
the Guarantee].

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 "Inconvertibility" means that it is impossible or, where reasonable endeavours have 
been made, impracticable, to convert any amount due in respect of the Notes [In the 
case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, in respect of the 
Guarantee] in the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such 
impossibility or impracticability is due solely to the failure of the Issuer [In the case of 
Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such 
law, rule or regulation is enacted after the relevant Issue Date of the Notes and it is 
impossible or, having used its reasonable endeavours, impracticable for the Issuer [In 
the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor], 
due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
 
 "Non-transferability" means that it is impossible or, where reasonable endeavours 
have been made, impracticable, to deliver RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong 
or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than 
where such impossibility or impracticability is due solely to the failure of the Issuer [In 
the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] 
to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the relevant Issue Date of the Notes 
and it is impossible or, having used its reasonable endeavours, impracticable for the 
Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor], due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation). 
 
 "Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two Business Days before the due 
date of the relevant payment under these Terms and Conditions subject to an 
adjustment in accordance with subparagraph (7)(c) above. 
 
 "Spot Rate" means the arithmetic mean of the offer and the bid U.S. Dollar/RMB spot 
exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. Dollars with RMB in the over-the-counter RMB 
exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Business Days, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation 
Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3 under 
the column USD/CNH, or if no such rates are available, on a non-deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF or the respective successor pages. If 
neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent will determine the Spot Rate at or around 
11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date as the most recently 
available U.S. Dollar/RMB official fixing rate for settlement in two Business Days 
reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the People's Republic of 
China, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a 
page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter 
Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may 
replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
 
 "U.S. Dollar Equivalent" of an RMB amount means the relevant RMB amount 
converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date 
as determined by the Calculation Agent and promptly notified to the Issuer [In the case 
of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor]. 
 
 "Business Day" means for the purposes of this § 4(7) a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange) in [Hong Kong, Beijing]. 
 
 (e) References. References to "RMB" are to the lawful currency of the mainland 
People's Republic of China, excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan. 
 
 (f) Determinations Binding. All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of these provisions by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer [In the case of Notes 
issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor], the Agents and all 
Holders.]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 (1) Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased 
and cancelled [In the case of Notes denominated in Renminbi, the following 
applies: or, as the case may be, subject to a Payment Postponement pursuant to 
§ 4(7)], the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [Maturity 
Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note 
shall be its principal amount. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies  
 [(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change 
is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was 
issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation 
cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer, the Notes 
may be redeemed, in whole, but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not more 
than 60 days', but not less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Early Redemption Amount 
(as defined below), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
 
 However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts 
were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is 
given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in effect.]  
 
 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or The 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting 
taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, 
an official interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or 
change is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes 
was issued, the Issuer or the Guarantor is required to pay Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in 
§ 3(1)), and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures 
available to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 
days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined 
below), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
 
 However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the 
time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not 
remain in effect.] 
 
 Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 13. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form 
of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption for 
Reasons of a 
Change of Control 
the following 
applies 
 [(3) Change of Control. If there occurs a Change of Control and within the Change of 
Control Period a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs 
(together called a "Put Event"), each Holder will have the option (unless, prior to the 
giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with § 5(2)) to require the Issuer to redeem that Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date at its principal amount together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Optional Redemption Date. 
For the purposes of such option:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
"Rating Agency" means each of the rating agencies of S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"), Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited ("Fitch") or any of their respective successors or any other rating agency of 
equivalent international standing specified from time to time by BASF; 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of 
Control if within the Change of Control Period any rating previously assigned to BASF 
or the Notes by any Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn or (ii) changed from an investment 
grade rating (BBB- by S&P and Fitch/Baa3 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the time 
being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+ by S&P and Fitch/Ba1 by 
Moody's, or its equivalent for the time being, or worse); 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not 
approved by the Board of Executive Directors or Supervisory Board of BASF) that any 
person or persons ("Relevant Person(s)") acting in concert (as defined in § 30 (2) of 
the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und 
Übernahmegesetz)) or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such Relevant 
Person(s), at any time directly or indirectly acquire(s) or come(s) to own such number 
of the shares in the capital of BASF carrying more than 50% of the voting rights; 
"Change of Control Period" means the period ending 120 days after the occurrence 
of the Change of Control; and 
The "Optional Redemption Date" is the fifteenth day after the last day of the Put 
Period. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the Holders in accordance with § 13 
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the 
procedure for exercising the option set out in this § 5(3). 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must send to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in text format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in 
written form ("Put Notice") within the period of 45 days after a Put Event Notice (the 
"Put Period") has been given. In the event that the Put Notice is received after 5:00 
p.m. Frankfurt am Main time on the 45th after the Put Event Notice has been given, the 
option shall not have been validly exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised and (ii) the 
securities identification numbers of such Notes, if any. The Put Notice may be in the 
form available from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent in the German and English 
language and includes further information. No option so exercised may be revoked or 
withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in respect of which such 
option is exercised against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
 
  
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer at specified 
Call Redemption 
Amounts the 
following applies 
 [[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes on the Call Redemption Date(s) or at any time thereafter until the 
respective subsequent Call Redemption Date at the respective Call Redemption 
Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
respective redemption date. 
 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call Redemption Date(s)] 
[Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                      ] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                      ] 
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require 
the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(6)] of this § 5.] 
 
 (b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
  
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
  
(iii) the redemption date, which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 60 
days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; and 
 
  
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 (c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. [In 
the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial redemption 
shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
 
 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer at Early 
Redemption 
Amount the 
following applies 
 [[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), at any time redeem 
all or some only of the Notes (each an "Early Call Redemption Date") at the Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
respective Early Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require 
the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(6)] of this § 5.] 
 
 (b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
  
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
and 
 
  
(iii) the Early Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than 30 days nor more 
than 60 days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders.  
 
 (c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. [In 
the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial redemption 
shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
 
 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Holder at specified 
Put Redemption 
Amounts the 
following applies 
 [[(6)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder.  
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the 
Put Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together 
with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption Date. 
 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Put Redemption Date(s)] 
[Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                      ] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                      ] 
 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the subject 
of the prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem such Note under 
this § 5. 
 
 (b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 30 days nor more 
than 60 days before the Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is required 
to be made as specified in the Put Notice (as defined below), send to the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in text format (Textform, e.g., 
email or fax) or in written form ("Put Notice"). In the event that the Put Notice is

--- Page 72 ---
72 
received after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt am Main time on the 30th day before the Put 
Redemption Date, the option shall not have been validly exercised. The Put Notice 
must specify (i) the total principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such 
option is exercised and (ii) the securities identification numbers of such Notes, if 
any. The Put Notice may be in the form available from the specified offices of the 
Fiscal Agent in the German and English language and includes further information. 
No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be 
required to redeem Notes in respect of which such option is exercised against 
delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes 
denominated in 
Renminbi and if 
such Notes are 
subject to early 
redemption at the 
option of the 
Issuer for 
Inconvertibility, 
Non-transferability 
or Illiquidity, the 
following applies 
 [[(7)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Inconvertibility, Non-
transferability or Illiquidity. If by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity 
(each as defined in § 4(7)) the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] is not able to satisfy in full payments in respect 
of the Notes [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, 
in respect of the Guarantee] when due in RMB in Hong Kong, the Issuer [In the case 
of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] having 
given not less than 10 nor more than thirty days' notice to the Holders in accordance 
with § 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice, redeem the 
Notes, in whole, but not in part, at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in § 4(7)) of 
the Early Redemption Amount (as defined below) together (if applicable) with the U.S. 
Dollar Equivalent of the interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption.] 
 
 
If the case Early 
Redemption 
for 
Reason of Minimal 
Outstanding 
Amount 
is 
applicable, 
the 
following applies 
 [[(8)] Purchase; Early Redemption for Reason of Minimal Outstanding Amount. The 
Issuer may at any time purchase (which for the avoidance of doubt shall exclude any 
(early) redemption as set out in these Terms and Conditions) Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price. Such acquired Notes may be cancelled, held or resold. 
In the event that the Issuer has purchased Notes equal to or in excess of 75% of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes initially issued and the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes is reduced by this percentage in the global note accordingly, the 
Issuer, having given not less than thirty nor more than sixty days' notice to the Holders 
in accordance with § 13, may call and redeem the remaining Notes (in whole but not in 
part) at the Final Redemption Amount plus accrued interest until the date of redemption 
(exclusive).] 
 
 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer upon 
publication of a 
Transaction 
Trigger Notice at 
the Trigger Call 
Redemption 
Amount the 
following applies 
 [[(9)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon publication of a Transaction 
Trigger Notice. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon a Transaction Trigger Notice given in accordance with clause 
(b), redeem all or some only of the Notes at any time at the Trigger Call Redemption 
Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the respective 
redemption date. "Trigger Call Redemption Amount" means [Trigger Call 
Redemption Amount]. 
 
 
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means a notice that the Transaction Trigger Event 
has occurred. The Transaction Trigger Notice can only be given within 30 days after 
the Transaction Trigger Event has occurred and only if the Transaction Trigger 
Event has occurred within the Transaction Trigger Event Period. 
 
 
"Transaction Trigger Event Period" means the period from [issue date] to [end 
of period date]. 
"Transaction" means [description of transaction in respect of which the Notes 
are issued for refinancing purposes or in relation to which the occurrence of 
a Transaction Trigger Event shall give rise to the redemption right]. 
"Transaction Trigger Event" means [Transaction has been terminated prior to 
completion or that the Transaction will not be settled for any reason whatsoever or 
that the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Transaction.] [description of the event in the context of the Transaction the 
occurrence of which shall give rise to a redemption right] 
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to require 
the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(6)] of this § 5.] 
 
 (b) The Transaction Trigger Notice shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the 
Notes in accordance with § 13. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; and 
 
 
(iii) the respective redemption date, which shall be not less than 30 days nor more 
than 60 days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders. 
 
 (c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing System. [In the case of Notes 
in NGN form the following applies: Such partial redemption shall be reflected in 
the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool factor or a reduction in the 
aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
 
 
 
 [(10)] Early Redemption Amount. [(a)] For purposes of subparagraph (2) [and [(7)]] of 
this § 5, the Early Redemption Amount of a Note shall be its Final Redemption Amount. 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer at Early 
Redemption 
Amount the 
following applies 
 [(b) For purposes of subparagraph [(5)] of this § 5, the Early Redemption Amount of a 
Note shall be the higher of (i) its Final Redemption Amount and (ii) the Present Value. 
The Present Value will be calculated by the Calculation Agent by discounting the sum 
of the principal amount of a Note and the remaining interest payments to [Maturity 
Date] on an annual basis, assuming a 365-day year or a 366-day year, as the case 
may be, and the actual number of days elapsed in such year and using the Comparable 
Benchmark Yield plus [percentage]%. "Comparable Benchmark Yield" means the 
yield at the Redemption Calculation Date on the corresponding [euro denominated 
benchmark debt security of the Federal Republic of Germany] [UK government Sterling 
denominated benchmark debt security issued by H.M. Treasury] [Swiss franc 
denominated benchmark federal bond of the Swiss Confederation] [U.S. dollar 
denominated benchmark U.S. Treasury debt security], as having a maturity comparable 
to the remaining term of the Note to [Maturity Date], that would be used at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to [Maturity Date]. "Redemption 
Calculation Date" means the third Payment Business Day prior to the Call Redemption 
Date.] 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] THE PAYING AGENT  
[AND THE CALCULATION AGENT] 
 
 (1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the initial Paying 
Agent [and the initial Calculation Agent] and their initial specified office[s] shall be: 
The following 
applies except for 
a Permanent 
Global Note kept in 
custody by or on 
behalf of CDS 
 [Fiscal Agent 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 and Paying Agent: 
Trust & Agency Services 
  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany] 
 
 
In the case of a 
Permanent Global 
Note kept in 
custody by or on 
behalf of CDS the 
following applies 
 [Fiscal Agent and 
Paying Agent: 
[name and specified office of Canadian Fiscal Agent and 
Paying Agent]]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer at Early 
Redemption 
Amount or in the 
case of Notes 
denominated in 
Renminbi the 
following applies 
 [Calculation Agent: 
[name and specified office]] 
 
 The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and the Calculation Agent] reserve the right 
at any time to change their specified office[s] to some other specified office in the same 
country. 
 
 (2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent [or the 
Calculation Agent] and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Paying 
Agents [or another Calculation Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a Fiscal 
Agent [In the case of payments in U.S. dollar the following applies: ,(ii) if payments 
at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as defined 
below) become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition of 
exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts 
in U.S. dollar, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City] [In the case of 
a Permanent Global Note kept in custody by CDS the following applies: , (iii) a 
Canadian Fiscal and Paying Agent having a specified office in Toronto, Ontario, 
Canada] [If any Calculation Agent is to be appointed the following applies: and 
[(iv)] a Calculation Agent]. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 days nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been 
given to the Holders in accordance with § 13. For purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions, "United States" means the United States of America (including the States 
thereof and the District of Columbia) and its territories and possessions (including 
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 (3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and the Calculation 
Agent] act solely as the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by or on behalf of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. If such 
withholding is required by law, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the 
"Additional Amounts") as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the Holders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any 
taxes or duties which: 
 
 (a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of 
a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it, or 
 
 (b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the Federal 
Republic of Germany, or 
 
 (c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or

--- Page 75 ---
75 
understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal Republic of 
Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law implementing, 
or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty 
or understanding, or 
 
 (d) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days 
after the relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof 
is published in accordance with § 13, whichever occurs later. 
 
 The flat tax (Abgeltungssteuer) which has been in effect in the Federal Republic of 
Germany since January 1, 2009, and the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) 
imposed thereon do not constitute a tax as described above in respect of which 
Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [All amounts payable in respect of the Notes or under the Guarantee shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by or 
on behalf of The Netherlands or the Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. If such withholding is required by law, the 
Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders, after such withholding 
or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been 
receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any taxes or duties which: 
 
 (a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of 
a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it, or 
 
 (b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with The Netherlands or the Federal Republic of Germany and 
not merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for 
purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, 
The Netherlands or the Federal Republic of Germany, or 
 
 (c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to the application of the Dutch Withholding Tax 
Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021), or 
(d) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or 
understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal Republic of 
Germany or The Netherlands or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision 
of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
 
 (e) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days 
after the relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof 
is published in accordance with § 13, whichever occurs later. 
 
 The flat tax (Abgeltungssteuer) which has been in effect in the Federal Republic of 
Germany since January 1, 2009, and the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) 
imposed thereon do not constitute a tax as described above in respect of which 
Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer.] 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD  
 
 The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch, BGB) is reduced to ten years for the Notes.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at their Final Redemption Amount plus accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that 
 
 (a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest within 30 days from the relevant due date, 
or 
 
 (b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes and such 
failure continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent has 
received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 (c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in § 2 subparagraph (2)) of the Issuer 
under the Debt Issuance Program (the "Program") or a certificate of indebtedness 
(Schuldscheindarlehen) (with an initial maturity of more than one year) of the Issuer 
becomes prematurely repayable as a result of a default in respect of the terms 
thereof, or the Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation in excess of EUR 
200,000,000 or the equivalent thereof under any of its Capital Market Indebtedness 
or under any of its certificates of indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) (with an 
initial maturity of more than one year) or under any guarantees or suretyship given 
by the Issuer for any Capital Market Indebtedness under the Program or a certificate 
of indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) (with an initial maturity of more than one 
year) of others within 30 days from its due date or, in the case of a guarantee or 
suretyship, within 30 days of such guarantee or security being invoked, unless the 
Issuer shall contest in good faith that such payment obligation exists or is due or 
that such guarantee or suretyship has been validly invoked, or if a security granted 
in respect thereof is enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto, or 
 
 (d) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations generally or ceases 
its payments, or 
 
 (e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer; such proceedings are 
instituted and have not been discharged or stayed within 60 days, or the Issuer 
applies for or institutes such proceedings, or  
 
 (f) the Issuer ceases all or substantially all of its business operations or sells or 
disposes of its assets or the substantial part thereof and thus (i) diminishes 
considerably the value of its assets and (ii) for this reason it becomes likely that the 
Issuer may not fulfil its payment obligations against the Holders, or 
 
 (g) the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger or 
other form of combination with another company or in connection with a 
reorganization and such other or new company assumes all obligations contracted 
by the Issuer in connection with the Notes. 
 
 The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 (2) Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(b) and/or subparagraph (1)(c), 
any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time such notice is received any of 
the events specified in subparagraph (1)(a) and (1)(d) through (g) entitling Holders to 
declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such notices from the Holders of at least one-tenth in aggregate principal 
amount of Notes then outstanding. 
 
 (3) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a written declaration in the German or 
English language delivered by hand or registered mail to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at their Final Redemption Amount plus accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 (a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest within 30 days from the relevant due date, 
or 
 
 (b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes or the 
Guarantor fails to perform any obligation arising from the Guarantee and such failure 
continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent has received 
notice thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 (c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in § 2 subparagraph (2)) of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor under the Debt Issuance Program (the "Program") or a certificate 
of indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) (with an initial maturity of more than one 
year) of the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes prematurely repayable as a result of 
a default in respect of the terms thereof, or the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to fulfil 
any payment obligation in excess of EUR 200,000,000 or the equivalent thereof 
under any of its Capital Market Indebtedness or under any of its certificates of 
indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) or under any guarantees or suretyship given 
by the Issuer or the Guarantor for any Capital Market Indebtedness under the 
Program or a certificate of indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) of others within 30 
days from its due date or, in the case of a guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days 
of such guarantee or security being invoked, unless the Issuer or the Guarantor shall 
contest in good faith that such payment obligation exists or is due or that such 
guarantee or suretyship has been validly invoked, or if a security granted in respect 
thereof is enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto, or 
 
 (d) the Issuer or the Guarantor announces its inability to meet its financial obligations 
generally or ceases its payments, or 
 
 (e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor; such 
proceedings are instituted and have not been discharged or stayed within 60 days, 
or the Issuer or the Guarantor applies for or institutes such proceedings or the Issuer 
applies for a "surseance van betaling" (within the meaning of The Bankruptcy Act of 
The Netherlands), or  
 
 (f) the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases all or substantially all of its business operations 
or sells or disposes of its assets or the substantial part thereof and thus (i) 
diminishes considerably the value of its assets and (ii) for this reason it becomes 
likely that the Issuer or the Guarantor may not fulfil its payment obligations against 
the Holders, or 
 
 (g) the Issuer or the Guarantor goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection 
with a merger or other form of combination with another company or in connection 
with a reorganization and such other or new company assumes all obligations 
contracted by the Issuer or the Guarantor, in connection with the Notes; or 
 
 (h) the Guarantee ceases to be valid and legally binding for any reason whatsoever. 
 
 The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 (2) Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(b) and/or subparagraph (1)(c), 
any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time such notice is received any of 
the events specified in subparagraph (1)(a) and (1)(d) through (h) entitling Holders to 
declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such notices from the Holders of at least one-tenth in aggregate principal 
amount of Notes then outstanding. 
 
 (3) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a written declaration in the German or 
English language delivered by hand or registered mail to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent.] 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of 
principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of all

--- Page 78 ---
78 
obligations arising from or in connection with this issue (the "Substitute Debtor") 
provided that:] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of 
principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer either the Guarantor or any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Guarantor as 
principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with this issue 
(the "Substitute Debtor") provided that:] 
 
 (a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
 
 (b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary authorizations and may transfer to 
the Fiscal Agent in the currency required and without being obligated to deduct or 
withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the country in which 
the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence, all amounts 
required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
 
 (c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder 
against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such Holder 
in respect of such substitution; 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [(d) it is guaranteed that the obligations of the Issuer from the Guarantee and the 
Negative Pledge of the Debt Issuance Program of the Issuer (of which the provisions 
set out below in § 11 applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis) apply 
also to the Notes of the Substitute Debtor; and] 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(d) it is guaranteed that the obligations of the Guarantor from the Guarantee and the 
Negative Pledge of the Debt Issuance Program of the Issuer apply also to the Notes 
of the Substitute Debtor; and] 
 
 (e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent for each jurisdiction affected one 
opinion of lawyers of recognized standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a), (b), 
(c) and (d) above have been satisfied. 
 
 For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any affiliated company (verbundenes 
Unternehmen) within the meaning of § 15 German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
 
 (2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § 13. 
 
 (3) Authorization of the Issuer. In the event of such substitution, the Issuer is authorized 
to modify the Global Note representing the Notes and these Terms and Conditions 
without the consent of the Holders to the extent necessary to reflect the changes 
resulting from the substitution. An appropriately adjusted global note representing the 
Notes and Terms and Conditions will be deposited with the Clearing System. 
 
 
§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE[, AMENDMENT OF THE GUARANTEE] 
 
 (1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on 
Debt 
Securities 
of 
2009, 
as 
amended 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments 
of the Terms and Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by 
resolution with the majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be 
binding on all Holders. Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions for all 
Holders are void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to 
their being treated disadvantageously. 
 
 (2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of at least 75% of the votes cast. 
Resolutions relating to amendments of the Terms and Conditions which are not material 
and which do not relate to the matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3, Nos. 1 to 8 of the 
SchVG require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
 
 (3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders shall be passed at the election of the 
Issuer by vote taken without a meeting in accordance with § 18 and §§ 5 et seq. SchVG 
or in a Holder's meeting in accordance with §§ 9 et seqq. of the SchVG.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 (4) Chair of the vote taken without a meeting. The vote will be chaired by a notary 
appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' Representative (as defined below) has 
convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
 
 (5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance 
with the nominal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding 
Notes. 
 
 (6) Holders' Representative. 
If no Holders' 
Representative is 
designated in the 
Conditions the 
following applies 
 [The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
"Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder.] 
 
  
If the Holders' 
Representative is 
appointed in the 
Conditions the 
following applies 
 [The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") shall be [Holder's 
Representative]. The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten 
times the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has 
acted willfully or with gross negligence.] 
 
 The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply 
with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' Representative has 
been authorized to assert certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be entitled 
to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant majority 
resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its 
activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and the other 
rights and obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
 
 (7) Procedural Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders in a Holder's meeting. 
(a) Notice Period, Registration, Proof. 
(i) 
A Holders' Meeting shall be convened not less than 14 days before the date of 
the meeting. 
(ii) 
If the convening notice (the "Convening Notice") provide(s) that attendance at a 
Holders' Meeting or the exercise of the voting rights shall be dependent upon a 
registration of the Holders before the meeting, then for purposes of calculating 
the period pursuant to subsection (1) the date of the meeting shall be replaced by 
the date by which the Holders are required to register. The registration notice 
must be received at the address set forth in the Convening Notice no later than 
on the third day before the Holders' Meeting. 
(iii) 
The Convening Notice may provide what proof is required to be entitled to take 
part in the Holders' Meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Convening Notice, 
for Notes represented by a Global Note a voting certificate obtained from an agent 
to be appointed by the Issuer shall entitle its bearer to attend and vote at the 
Holders' Meeting. A voting certificate may be obtained by a Holder if at least six 
days before the time fixed for the Holders' Meeting, such Holder (a) deposits its 
Notes for such purpose with an agent to be appointed by the Issuer or to the order 
of such agent or (b) blocks its Notes in an account with a Custodian in accordance 
with the procedures of the Custodian and delivers a confirmation stating the 
ownership and blocking of its Notes to the agent of the Issuer. The Convening 
Notice may also require a proof of identity of a person exercising a voting right.  
(b) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication. 
(i) 
The Convening Notice shall state the name, the place of the registered office of 
the Issuer, the time and venue of the Holders' Meeting, and the conditions on 
which attendance in the Holders' Meeting and the exercise of voting rights is 
made dependent, including the matters referred to in subsection (a)(ii) and (iii). 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice shall be published promptly in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) and additionally in accordance with the provisions of § 13. The 
costs of publication shall be borne by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
From the date on which the Holders' Meeting is convened until the date of the

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Holders' Meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the Holders, on the Issuer's 
website the Convening Notice and the precise conditions on which the attendance 
of the Holders' Meeting and the exercise of voting rights shall be dependent. 
(c) Information Duties, Voting. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall be obliged to give information at the Holders' Meeting to each 
Holder upon request in so far as such information is required for an informed 
judgment regarding an item on the agenda or a proposed resolution. 
(ii) 
The provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) regarding the 
voting of shareholders at general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis to the 
casting and counting of votes, unless otherwise provided for in the Convening 
Notice. 
(d) Publication of Resolutions. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall at its expense cause publication of the resolutions passed in 
appropriate form. If the registered office of the Issuer is located in Germany, the 
resolutions shall promptly be published in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) 
and additionally in accordance with the provisions of § 13. The publication 
prescribed 
in 
§ 50(1) 
of 
the 
German 
Securities 
Trading 
Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) shall be sufficient. 
(ii) 
In addition, the Issuer shall make available to the public the resolutions passed 
and, if the resolutions amend the Terms and Conditions, the wording of the 
original Terms and Conditions, for a period of not less than one month 
commencing on the day following the date of the Holders' Meeting. Such 
publication shall be made on the Issuer's website. 
(e) Taking of Votes without Meeting. 
The call for the taking of votes shall specify the period within which votes may be cast. 
Such period shall not be less than 72 hours. During such period, the Holders may cast 
their votes in text format (Textform) to the person presiding over the taking of votes. 
The Convening Notice may provide for other forms of casting votes. The call for the 
taking of votes shall give details as to the prerequisites which must be met for the votes 
to qualify for being counted. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(8) Amendment of the Guarantee. The provisions set out above applicable to the Notes 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Guarantee of BASF.] 
 
 
§ 12 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION  
 
 (1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, 
issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue 
price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
 
 (2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases 
are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to all Holders of 
such Notes alike. 
 
 (3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be 
reissued or resold.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
§ 13 
NOTICES  
In the case of 
Notes which are 
listed on the 
official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange the 
following applies 
 [(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
third day following the date of such publication. 
 
 
 (2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System 
for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set 
forth in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
 
  
In case of Notes 
which are unlisted 
the following 
applies 
 
 [(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 [(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g., email or fax) or in written form sent together 
with an evidence of the Holder's entitlement in accordance with § 14[(4)] to the Fiscal 
Agent. Such notice may be given through the Clearing System in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
 
 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT  
 
 (1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of 
the Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
 
 (2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, 
Federal Republic of Germany shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or 
other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(3) Appointment of Authorized Agent. For any Proceedings before German courts, the 
Issuer appoints BASF SE, Carl-Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Federal 
Republic of Germany as its authorized agent for service of process in the Federal 
Republic of Germany.] 
 
 [(4)] Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or 
to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name 
its rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the 
Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such 
statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing 
System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in 
global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorized officer of the Clearing 
System or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
Proceedings of the actual records or the global note representing the Notes. For 
purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognized standing authorized to engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the Proceedings.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE  
If the Terms and 
Conditions shall be 
in the German 
language with an 
English language 
translation the 
following applies 
 [These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with 
an English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The 
English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
  
If the Terms and 
Conditions shall be 
in the English lang-
uage with a 
German language 
translation the 
following applies 
 [These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The 
German language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
  
If the Terms and 
Conditions shall be 
in the English 
language only the 
following applies 
 [These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes that are 
publicly offered, in 
whole or in part, in 
Germany or 
distributed, in 
whole or in part, to 
non-qualified 
investors in 
Germany with 
English language 
Terms and 
Conditions the 
following applies 
 [Eine deutsche Übersetzung der Anleihebedingungen wird bei der BASF SE, Carl-
Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, zur 
kostenlosen Ausgabe bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with floating interest rates  
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 (1) Currency; Denomination. This series (the "Series") of notes (the "Notes") of [BASF 
SE] [BASF Finance Europe N.V.] (["BASF"]["BASF Finance"] or the "Issuer") is being 
issued in [Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal 
amount [in the case the global note is an NGN the following applies: , subject to § 
1(4),] of [aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount in 
words]) in the denomination of [specified denomination] (the "Specified 
Denomination"). 
 
 (2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
represented 
by a Permanent 
Global Note the 
following applies  
 [(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note 
(the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be 
signed by authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes which are 
initially 
represented by a 
Temporary Global 
Note the following 
applies  
 [(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange.  
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable 
for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented by a permanent global note (the 
"Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note and the 
Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by authorized signatories of the Issuer 
and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes 
and interest coupons will not be issued. 
 
 (b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global Note 
from a date 40 days after the date of issue of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions) as required by U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on Notes represented 
by a Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. A 
separate certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of interest. 
Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of issue of the 
Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a request to 
exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to this subparagraph (b) of this 
§ 1(3). Any securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global Note shall be 
delivered only outside of the United States (as defined in § 6(2)).] 
 
 (4) Clearing System. The global note representing the Notes will be kept in custody by 
or on behalf of the Clearing System "Clearing System" means [If more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Neue Börsenstr. 1, 60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, 
("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
1210 Brussels, Belgium, ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and 
together the "ICSDs")] and any successor in such capacity. 
In the case of 
Notes kept in  
 [The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs. 
custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and 
the global note is 
an NGN the 
following applies 
 The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the global note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records 
of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be

--- Page 84 ---
84 
conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the 
global note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD stating the amount 
of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
 On any redemption or payment of interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the global note the Issuer shall procure 
that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may 
be) in respect of the global note shall be entered accordingly in the records of the ICSDs 
and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the global note shall be 
reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled. 
 
 [In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN the following applies: On an 
exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered accordingly in the 
records of the ICSDs.]] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and 
the global note is a 
CGN the following 
applies 
 [The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody by 
a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 (5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other 
beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
  
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE ISSUER[, GUARANTEE AND NEGATIVE 
PLEDGE OF THE GUARANTOR] 
 
 (1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations 
are accorded priority under mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
 
 (2) Negative Pledge. The Issuer undertakes, as long as any Notes are outstanding, but 
only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal 
of the Fiscal Agent, not to provide security upon any of its assets for any present or 
future Capital Market Indebtedness or any guarantees or other indemnities resulting 
therefrom, without at the same time having the Holders share equally and rateably in 
such security or such other security as shall be approved by an independent accounting 
firm of internationally recognized standing as being equivalent security. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any obligation for the repayment of borrowed 
money which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes or other 
securities, with an original maturity of more than one year, which are, or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other recognized 
securities market. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(3) Guarantee and Negative Pledge of the Guarantor. BASF (the "Guarantor") has 
given its unconditional and irrevocable guarantee (the "Guarantee") for the due and 
punctual payment of principal of, and interest on, and any other amounts payable under 
any Note. The Guarantor has further undertaken in a negative pledge (the "Negative 
Pledge"), so long as any of the Notes are outstanding, but only up to the time all amounts 
of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to 
provide security upon any of its assets for any present or future Capital Market 
Indebtedness (as defined above) or any guarantees or other indemnities resulting 
therefrom, without at the same time having the Holders share equally and ratably in such 
security as shall be approved by an independent accounting firm of internationally 
recognized standing as being equivalent security. The Guarantee and Negative Pledge 
constitute a contract for the benefit of the Holders from time to time as third party

--- Page 85 ---
85 
beneficiaries in accordance with § 328 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch, 
BGB), giving rise to the right of each Holder to require performance of the Guarantee 
and the Negative Pledge directly from the Guarantor and to enforce the Guarantee and 
the Negative Pledge directly against the Guarantor.] 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST  
 
 (1) Interest Payment Dates. 
(a) The Notes bear interest on their aggregate principal amount from (and including) 
[Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and thereafter from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next following Interest Payment Date. 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date. 
 
 (b) "Interest Payment Date" means  
In the case of 
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates the 
following applies 
  
[each [Specified Interest Payment Dates].] 
 
  
In the case of 
Specified Interest 
Periods the 
following applies 
  
[each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions) falls 
[number] [weeks] [months] after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.] 
 
 (c) If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day (as defined below), it shall be 
In the case of the 
Modified Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
  
[postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day.] 
 
  
In the case of the 
FRN Convention 
the following 
applies 
  
[postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (i) the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls [number] months after 
the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
 
  
In the case of the 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
  
[postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.] 
 
 (d) "Business Day" means 
In the case the 
Specified Currency 
is not EUR, the 
following applies 
 
[a day which is a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are generally open for business in, and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in [relevant financial centre(s)]and on which the Clearing System is open 
to effect payments.] 
 
  
In the case the 
Specified Currency 
is EUR, the 
following applies 
 
[a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System as well as 
all relevant parts of the real-time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor or replacement system ("T2") are open to effect 
payments.] 
 
  
In the case the 
offered quotation 
for deposits in the 
Specified Currency 
is EURIBOR the 
following applies 
 [(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest Period 
(as defined below) will, except as provided below, be determined by the Calculation 
Agent and is the Reference Rate (as defined below) [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined below)]. The applicable Reference Rate shall be the rate which appears on the 
Screen Page as of 11:00 a. m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date (as 
defined below).

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 The "Reference Rate" is the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest Period (EURIBOR). 
 
 "Interest Period" means each period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from each Interest Payment 
Date (and including) to the following Interest Payment Date (but excluding). 
 
 "Interest Determination Date" means the [first] [second] T2 Business Day [prior to the 
commencement] of the relevant Interest Period. "T2 Business Day" means a day on 
which all relevant parts of the real-time gross settlement system or any replacement or 
successor system (T2) are open to effect payments. 
 
 ["Margin" means [●] % per annum.] 
 
 "Screen Page" means Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or the relevant successor 
page on that service or on any other service as may be nominated as the information 
vendor for the purposes of displaying rates or prices comparable to the relevant offered 
quotation. 
 
 If the Screen Page is not available or if no such quotation appears, in each case as at 
such time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest on the 
Interest Determination Date shall be equal to the Rate of Interest as displayed on the 
Screen Page on the last day preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such 
Rate of Interest was displayed on the Screen Page [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined above)], all as determined by the Calculation Agent.] 
 
  
 
 (3) Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, calculate the amount of interest 
(the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes in respect of the Specified Denomination 
for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying 
the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (for Calculation Periods other than a full 
year and as defined below) to the Specified Denomination and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded 
upwards. 
 
 (4) Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will cause 
the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer [in the case of Notes 
issued by BASF Finance the following applies: and the Guarantor] and to the 
Holders in accordance with § 13 as soon as possible after their determination, but in no 
event later than the fourth [T2] [relevant financial centre(s)] Business Day (as defined 
in § 3(2)) thereafter and if required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are listed from time to time, to such stock exchange as soon as possible after 
their determination, but in no event later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements may be made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to any stock exchange on which the Notes are then 
listed, if the rules of such stock exchange so require, and to the Holders in accordance 
with § 13. 
 
 (5) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Holders. 
 
 (6) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
continue to accrue beyond the due date until actual redemption of the Notes. The 
applicable Rate of Interest will be the statutory default rate of interest.(1) 
 
 (7) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means with regard to the calculation of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
 
(1) 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time; §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch, BGB).

--- Page 87 ---
87 
In the case of 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
the following 
applies 
 [the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Actual/360 the 
following applies 
 [the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
 (8)(a) Rate Replacement. If the Issuer determines (in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent) that a Rate Replacement Event has occurred on or prior to an Interest 
Determination Date, the Relevant Determining Party shall determine and duly inform the 
Issuer, if relevant, and the Calculation Agent of (i) the Replacement Rate, (ii) the 
Adjustment Spread, if any, and (iii) the Replacement Rate Adjustments (each as defined 
below in § 3(8)(b)(aa) to (cc) and (hh)) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
for the Interest Period related to that Interest Determination Date and each Interest 
Period thereafter (subject to the subsequent occurrence of any further Rate 
Replacement Event). The Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to have been 
amended by the Replacement Rate Adjustments with effect from (and including) the 
relevant Interest Determination Date (including any amendment of such Interest 
Determination Date if so provided by the Replacement Rate Adjustments). The Rate of 
Interest shall then be the Replacement Rate (as defined below) adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread, if any, [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined above)]. 
 
 The Issuer shall notify the Holders pursuant to § 13 as soon as practicable 
(unverzüglich) after such determination of the Replacement Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread, if any, and the Replacement Rate Adjustments. In addition, the Issuer shall 
request the [Clearing System] [common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs] to 
supplement the Terms and Conditions to reflect the Replacement Rate Adjustments by 
attaching the documents submitted to it to the Global Note in an appropriate manner. 
 
 (b) Definitions. 
 
 
(aa) "Rate Replacement Event" means, with respect to the Reference Rate, each 
of the following events: 
 
 
(i) 
the Reference Rate not having been published on the Screen Page for ten 
(10) consecutive Business Days immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; or 
 
 
(ii) 
the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by or, as the case may 
be, determinable based upon the public announcement of the competent 
authority of the administrator of the Reference Rate, from which the 
Reference Rate no longer reflects the underlying market or economic 
reality and no action to remediate such a situation is taken or expected to 
be taken by the competent authority for the administrator of the Reference 
Rate; or 
(iii)   the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by or, as the case may 
be, determinable based upon the public announcement of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate on which the administrator (x) will 
commence the orderly wind-down of the Reference Rate or (y) has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue the publication of the Reference Rate); or 
 
 
(iv) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by the competent 
authority for the administrator of the Reference Rate, the central bank for 
the Specified Currency, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Reference Rate or a court (unappealable 
final decision) or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the Reference Rate, on which the administrator 
of the Reference Rate (x) will commence the orderly wind-down of the 
Reference Rate or (y) has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor

--- Page 88 ---
88 
administrator has been appointed that will continue the publication of the 
Reference Rate); or 
 
 
(v) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by or, as the case may 
be, determinable based upon the public announcement of the competent 
authority for the administrator of the Reference Rate, from which the 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used; or 
 
 
(vi) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by or, as the case may 
be, determinable based upon the public announcement of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, of a material change in the 
methodology of determining the Reference Rate; or 
 
 
(vii) the publication of a notice by the Issuer pursuant to § 13(1) that it has 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent 
to calculate any Rate of Interest using the Reference Rate; or 
(viii) the European Commission or the competent national authority of a 
Member State have designated one or more replacement benchmarks for 
a Reference Rate pursuant to Art. 23b(2) and Art. 23c(1) of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 8, 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as 
amended. 
 
 
(bb) "Replacement Rate" means a publicly available substitute, successor, 
alternative or other rate designed to be referenced by financial instruments or 
contracts, including the Notes, to determine an amount payable under such 
financial instruments or contracts, including, but not limited to, an amount of 
interest. In determining the Replacement Rate, the Relevant Guidance (as 
defined below) shall be taken into account. 
 
 
(cc) "Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Relevant 
Determining Party determines is required to be applied to the Replacement 
Rate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer 
of economic value between the Issuer and the Holders that would otherwise 
arise as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate against the 
Replacement Rate (including, but not limited to, as a result of the Replacement 
Rate being a risk-free rate). In determining the Adjustment Spread, the Relevant 
Guidance (as defined below) shall be taken into account. 
 
 
(dd) "Relevant Determining Party" means 
 
 
(i) 
the Issuer if in its opinion the Replacement Rate is obvious and as such 
without any reasonable doubt determinable by an investor that is 
knowledgeable in the respective type of bonds, such as the Notes; or 
 
 
(ii) 
failing which, an Independent Advisor (as defined below), to be appointed 
by the Issuer at commercially reasonable terms, using reasonable 
endeavours, as its agent to make such determinations. 
 
 
(ee) "Independent Advisor" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or any other independent advisor of recognised standing 
and with appropriate experience in the international debt capital markets. 
 
 
(ff) "Relevant Guidance" means (i) any legal or supervisory requirement 
applicable to the Issuer or the Notes or, if none, (ii) any applicable requirement, 
recommendation or guidance of a Relevant Nominating Body or, if none, (iii) 
any relevant recommendation or guidance by industry bodies (including by 
ISDA), or, if none, (iv) any relevant market practice. 
 
 
(gg) "Relevant Nominating Body" means 
 
 
(i) 
the central bank for the Specified Currency, or any central bank or other 
supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Replacement 
Rate or the administrator of the Replacement Rate; or 
 
 
(ii) 
the European Commission or any competent national authority of a 
Member State; or

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(iii) any working group or committee officially endorsed, sponsored or convened 
by or chaired or co-chaired by (w) the central bank for the Specified 
Currency, (x) any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for 
supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the 
Reference Rate, (y) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisors or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 
 
(hh) "Replacement Rate Adjustments" means such adjustments to the Terms and 
Conditions as are determined consequential to enable the operation of the 
Replacement Rate (which may include, without limitation, adjustments to the 
applicable Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the 
Interest Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction and any methodology or 
definition for obtaining or calculating the Replacement Rate). In determining any 
Replacement Rate Adjustments the Relevant Guidance shall be taken into 
account. 
 
 (c) Termination. If a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the 
Replacement Rate Adjustments cannot be determined pursuant to § 3(8)(a) and (b), 
the Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be 
the Reference Rate determined for the last preceding Interest Period. The Issuer will 
inform the Calculation Agent accordingly. As a result, the Issuer may, upon not less 
than 15 days' notice given to the Holders in accordance with § 13, redeem all, and 
not only some of the Notes at any time on any Business Day before the respective 
subsequent Interest Determination Date at the Final Redemption Amount together 
with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the respective redemption date. 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 (1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, 
subject to § 4(2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the accounts 
of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System outside the United States. 
 
 (b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to § 4(2), 
to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the 
Clearing System outside the United States. Payment of interest on Notes represented 
by the Temporary Global Note shall be made, subject to § 4(2), to the Clearing System 
or to its order for credit to the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon 
due certification as provided in § 1(3)(b). 
 
 (2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes 
shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
 
 (3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
 
 (4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note 
is not a Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next such day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any day which is a Business 
Day. 
 
 (5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes; and any premium and any other amounts which may 
be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions 
to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 (6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by BASF 
Finance the following applies: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] may deposit 
with the local court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, 
principal or interest not claimed by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity Date, 
even though such Holders may not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to the 
extent that the deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal is waived, the respective 
claims of such Holders against the Issuer [in the case of Notes issued by BASF 
Finance the following applies: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] shall cease. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 (1) Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased and 
cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the 
Interest Payment Date falling in [Redemption Month] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final 
Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be its principal amount. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies  
 [(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change is 
effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was issued, 
the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) on the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer, the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole, but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 
days', but not less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent 
and, in accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Final Redemption Amount, together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
 
 However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts 
were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, 
such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in effect. The date fixed 
for redemption must be an Interest Payment Date.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or The 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting 
taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, 
an official interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or 
change is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes 
was issued, the Issuer or the Guarantor is required to pay Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in 
§ 3(1)), and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures 
available to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 
days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Final Redemption Amount, together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
 
 However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time 
such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. The date fixed for redemption must be an Interest Payment Date.] 
 
 Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 13. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form of 
the facts constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption for 
Reasons of a 
 [(3) Change of Control. If there occurs a Change of Control and within the Change of 
Control Period a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs 
(together called a "Put Event"), each Holder will have the option (unless, prior to the

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Change of Control 
the following 
applies 
giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with § 5(2)) to require the Issuer to redeem that Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date at its principal amount together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Optional Redemption Date. 
For the purposes of such option: 
"Rating Agency" means each of the rating agencies of S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"), Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") and Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited ("Fitch") or any of their respective successors or any other rating agency of 
equivalent international standing specified from time to time by BASF; 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of 
Control if within the Change of Control Period any rating previously assigned to BASF 
or the Notes by any Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn or (ii) changed from an investment 
grade rating (BBB- by S&P/Baa3 by Moody's and Fitch, or its equivalent for the time 
being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+ by S&P and Fitch/Ba1 by 
Moody's, or its equivalent for the time being, or worse); 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not 
approved by the Board of Executive Directors or Supervisory Board of BASF) that any 
person or persons ("Relevant Person(s)") acting in concert (as defined in § 30 (2) of 
the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und 
Übernahmegesetz)) or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such Relevant 
Person(s), at any time directly or indirectly acquire(s) or come(s) to own such number of 
the shares in the capital of BASF carrying more than 50% of the voting rights; 
"Change of Control Period" means the period ending 120 days after the occurrence of 
the Change of Control; and 
The "Optional Redemption Date" is the fifteenth day after the last day of the Put Period. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the Holders in accordance with § 13 
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the 
procedure for exercising the option set out in this § 5(3). 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must send to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent an early redemption notice in text format (Textform, e.g., email or fax) or in written 
form ("Put Notice") within the period of 45 days after a Put Event Notice (the "Put 
Period") has been given. In the event that the Put Notice is received after 5:00 p.m. 
Frankfurt am Main time on the 45th after the Put Event Notice has been given, the option 
shall not have been validly exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the total principal 
amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised and (ii) the securities 
identification numbers of such Notes, if any. The Put Notice may be in the form available 
from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent in the German and English language and 
includes further information. No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. The 
Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in respect of which such option is 
exercised against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
 
  
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer at Specified 
Call Redemption 
Amounts the 
following applies 
 [[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes on the Interest Payment Date following [number] years after the 
Interest Commencement Date [in the case that the Notes may also be redeemed 
on any Interest Payment Date thereafter, the following applies: and on each 
Interest Payment Date thereafter] ([each a] [the] "Call Redemption Date") at the 
[respective] Call Redemption Amount[s] set forth below together with accrued interest, 
if any, to (but excluding) the respective Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call Redemption Date(s)] 
[Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                      ] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                      ]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 (b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
  
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
and 
 
  
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 
60 days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders.  
 
 (c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be selected 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. [In 
the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial redemption 
shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and Euroclear.]] 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT, THE PAYING AGENT 
AND THE CALCULATION AGENT 
 
 (1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent, the initial Paying Agent and 
the initial Calculation Agent and their initial specified offices shall be: 
 
 Fiscal Agent 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 and Paying Agent: 
Trust & Agency Services 
 
  
Taunusanlage 12 
 
  
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
  
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 Calculation Agent: 
[name and specified office] 
 
 The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at any 
time to change their specified offices to some other specified office in the same country. 
 
 (2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Paying 
Agents or another Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a Fiscal 
Agent [in the case of payments in U.S. dollar the following applies:, (ii) if payments 
at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as defined 
below) become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition of 
exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such amounts 
in U.S. dollar, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City] [and] [(iii)] a 
Calculation Agent. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take 
effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after 
not less than 30 days nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given 
to the Holders in accordance with § 13. For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
"United States" means the United States of America (including the States thereof and 
the District of Columbia) and its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico, the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
 
 (3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent 
act solely as the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by or on behalf of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. If such 
withholding is required by law, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the

--- Page 93 ---
93 
"Additional Amounts") as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the Holders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any 
taxes or duties which: 
 
 (a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of 
a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it, or 
 
 (b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the Federal 
Republic of Germany, or 
 
 (c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or 
understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal Republic of 
Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law implementing, 
or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty 
or understanding, or 
 
 (d) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days 
after the relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof 
is published in accordance with § 13, whichever occurs later. 
 
 The flat tax (Abgeltungssteuer) which has been in effect in the Federal Republic of 
Germany since January 1, 2009, and the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) 
imposed thereon do not constitute a tax as described above in respect of which 
Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [All amounts payable in respect of the Notes or under the Guarantee shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by or 
on behalf of The Netherlands or the Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. If such withholding is required by law, the 
Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders, after such withholding 
or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been 
receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any taxes or duties which: 
 
 (a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of 
a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it, or 
 
 (b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with The Netherlands or the Federal Republic of Germany and 
not merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for 
purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, 
The Netherlands or the Federal Republic of Germany, or 
 
 (c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to the application of the Dutch Withholding Tax 
Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021), or 
(d) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or 
understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal Republic of 
Germany or The Netherlands or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision 
of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
 
 (e) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days 
after the relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof 
is published in accordance with § 13, whichever occurs later.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 The flat tax (Abgeltungssteuer) which has been in effect in the Federal Republic of 
Germany since January 1, 2009, and the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) 
imposed thereon do not constitute a tax as described above in respect of which 
Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer.] 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD  
 
 The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 German Civil Code 
(Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch, BGB) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare its Notes due and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at their Final Redemption Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that 
 
 (a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest within 30 days from the relevant due date, 
or 
 
 (b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes and such 
failure continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent has 
received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 (c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in § 2 subparagraph (2)) of the Issuer 
under the Debt Issuance Program (the "Program") or a certificate of indebtedness 
(Schuldscheindarlehen) (with an initial maturity of more than one year) of the Issuer 
becomes prematurely repayable as a result of a default in respect of the terms 
thereof, or the Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation in excess of EUR 
200,000,000 or the equivalent thereof under any of its Capital Market Indebtedness 
or under any of its certificates of indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) or under any 
guarantees or suretyship given by the Issuer for any Capital Market Indebtedness 
under the Program or a certificate of indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) of others 
within 30 days from its due date or, in the case of a guarantee or suretyship, within 
30 days of such guarantee or security being invoked, unless the Issuer shall contest 
in good faith that such payment obligation exists or is due or that such guarantee or 
suretyship has been validly invoked, or if a security granted in respect thereof is 
enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto, or 
 
 (d) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations generally or ceases 
its payments, or 
 
 (e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer; such proceedings are 
instituted and have not been discharged or stayed within 60 days, or the Issuer 
applies for or institutes such proceedings, or  
 
 (f) the Issuer ceases all or substantially all of its business operations or sells or disposes 
of its assets or the substantial part thereof and thus (i) diminishes considerably the 
value of its assets and (ii) for this reason it becomes likely that the Issuer may not 
fulfil its payment obligations against the Holders, or 
 
 (g) the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger or 
other form of combination with another company or in connection with a 
reorganization and such other or new company assumes all obligations contracted 
by the Issuer in connection with the Notes. 
 
 The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 (2) Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(b) and/or subparagraph (1)(c), 
any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time such notice is received any of 
the events specified in subparagraph (1)(a) and (1)(d) through (g) entitling Holders to 
declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such notices from the Holders of at least one-tenth in aggregate principal 
amount of Notes then outstanding.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 (3) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a written declaration in the German or 
English language delivered by hand or registered mail to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at their Final Redemption Amount plus accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that 
 
 (a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest within 30 days from the relevant due date, 
or 
 
 (b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes or the 
Guarantor fails to perform any obligation arising from the Guarantee and such failure 
continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent has received 
notice thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 (c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in § 2 subparagraph (2)) of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor under the Debt Issuance Program (the "Program") or a certificate 
of indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) (with an initial maturity of more than one 
year) of the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes prematurely repayable as a result of 
a default in respect of the terms thereof, or the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to fulfil 
any payment obligation in excess of EUR 200,000,000 or the equivalent thereof 
under any of its Capital Market Indebtedness or under any of its certificates of 
indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) (with an initial maturity of more than one year) 
or under any guarantees or suretyship given by the Issuer or the Guarantor for any 
Capital Market Indebtedness under the Program or a certificate of indebtedness 
(Schuldscheindarlehen) (with an initial maturity of more than one year) of others 
within 30 days from its due date or, in the case of a guarantee or suretyship, within 
30 days of such guarantee or security being invoked, unless the Issuer or the 
Guarantor shall contest in good faith that such payment obligation exists or is due 
or that such guarantee or suretyship has been validly invoked, or if a security granted 
in respect thereof is enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto, or 
 
 (d) the Issuer or the Guarantor announces its inability to meet its financial obligations 
generally or ceases its payments, or 
 
 (e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor; such 
proceedings are instituted and have not been discharged or stayed within 60 days, 
or the Issuer or the Guarantor applies for or institutes such proceedings, or the Issuer 
applies for a "surseance van betaling" (within the meaning of The Bankruptcy Act of 
The Netherlands), or  
 
 (f) the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases all or substantially all of its business operations 
or sells or disposes of its assets or the substantial part thereof and thus (i) diminishes 
considerably the value of its assets and (ii) for this reason it becomes likely that the 
Issuer or the Guarantor may not fulfil its payment obligations against the Holders, or 
 
 (g) the Issuer or the Guarantor goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection 
with a merger or other form of combination with another company or in connection 
with a reorganization and such other or new company assumes all obligations 
contracted by the Issuer or the Guarantor, in connection with the Notes; or 
 
 (h) the Guarantee ceases to be valid and legally binding for any reason whatsoever. 
 
 The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 (2) Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(b) and/or subparagraph (1)(c), 
any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time such notice is received any of 
the events specified in subparagraph (1)(a) and (1)(d) through (h) entitling Holders to 
declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such notices from the Holders of at least one-tenth in aggregate principal 
amount of Notes then outstanding.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 (3) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a written declaration in the German or 
English language delivered by hand or registered mail to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent.] 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of 
principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with this issue (the "Substitute Debtor") 
provided that:] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of 
principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer either the Guarantor or any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Guarantor as 
principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with this issue 
(the "Substitute Debtor") provided that:] 
 
 (a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
 
 (b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary authorizations and may transfer to 
the Fiscal Agent in the currency required and without being obligated to deduct or 
withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the country in which 
the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence, all amounts 
required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations arising under the Notes; 
 
 (c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder 
against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such Holder 
in respect of such substitution; 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [(d) 
it is guaranteed that the obligations of the Issuer from the Guarantee and the 
Negative Pledge of the Debt Issuance Program of the Issuer (of which the provisions 
set out below in § 11 applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis) apply 
also to the Notes of the Substitute Debtor; and] 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(d) 
it is guaranteed that the obligations of the Guarantor from the Guarantee and the 
Negative Pledge of the Debt Issuance Program of the Issuer apply also to the Notes 
of the Substitute Debtor; and] 
 
 (e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent for each jurisdiction affected one 
opinion of lawyers of recognized standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a), (b), 
(c) and (d) above have been satisfied. 
 
 For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any affiliated company (verbundenes 
Unternehmen) within the meaning of § 15 German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz). 
 
 (2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § 13. 
 
 (3) Authorization of the Issuer. In the event of such substitution, the Issuer is authorized 
to modify the Global Note representing the Notes and these Terms and Conditions 
without the consent of the Holders to the extent necessary to reflect the changes 
resulting from the substitution. An appropriately adjusted global note representing the 
Notes and Terms and Conditions will be deposited with the Clearing System. 
 
 
§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE[, AMENDMENT OF THE GUARANTEE] 
 
 (1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on 
Debt 
Securities 
of 
2009, 
as 
amended 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree with the Issuer on amendments 
of the Terms and Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the SchVG by 
resolution with the majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority resolutions shall be 
binding on all Holders. Resolutions which do not provide for identical conditions for all

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Holders are void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged have expressly consented to 
their being treated disadvantageously. 
 
 (2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of at least 75% of the votes cast. 
Resolutions relating to amendments of the Terms and Conditions which are not material 
and which do not relate to the matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3, Nos. 1 to 8 of the SchVG 
require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
 
 (3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders shall be passed at the election of the 
Issuer by vote taken without a meeting in accordance with § 18 and §§ 5 et seqq. of the 
SchVG or in a Holder's meeting in accordance with §§ 5 et seqq. of the SchVG. 
 
 (4) Chair of the vote taken without a meeting. The vote will be chaired by a notary 
appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' Representative (as defined below) has 
convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
 
 (5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance 
with the nominal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding Notes. 
 
 (6) Holders' Representative. 
If no Holders' 
Representative is 
designated in the 
Conditions the 
following applies 
 [The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
"Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder.] 
 
  
If the Holders' 
Representative is 
appointed in the 
Conditions the 
following applies 
 [The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") shall be [Holder's 
Representative]. The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten 
times the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has 
acted willfully or with gross negligence.] 
 
 The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall comply 
with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' Representative has 
been authorized to assert certain rights of the Holders, the Holders shall not be entitled 
to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly provided for in the relevant majority 
resolution. The Holders' Representative shall provide reports to the Holders on its 
activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply with regard to the recall and the other 
rights and obligations of the Holders' Representative. 
 
 (7) Procedural Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders in a Holder's meeting. 
(a) Notice Period, Registration, Proof. 
(i) 
A Holders' Meeting shall be convened not less than 14 days before the date of 
the meeting. 
(ii) 
If the convening notice ("Convening Notice") provide(s) that attendance at a 
Holders' Meeting or the exercise of the voting rights shall be dependent upon a 
registration of the Holders before the meeting, then for purposes of calculating the 
period pursuant to subsection (1) the date of the meeting shall be replaced by the 
date by which the Holders are required to register. The registration notice must 
be received at the address set forth in the Convening Notice no later than on the 
third day before the Holders' Meeting. 
(iii) 
The Convening Notice may provide what proof is required to be entitled to take 
part in the Holders' Meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Convening Notice, 
for Notes represented by a Global Note a voting certificate obtained from an agent 
to be appointed by the Issuer shall entitle its bearer to attend and vote at the 
Holders' Meeting. A voting certificate may be obtained by a Holder if at least six 
days before the time fixed for the Holders' Meeting, such Holder (a) deposits its 
Notes for such purpose with an agent to be appointed by the Issuer or to the order 
of such agent or (b) blocks its Notes in an account with a Custodian in accordance 
with the procedures of the Custodian and delivers a confirmation stating the 
ownership and blocking of its Notes to the agent of the Issuer. The Convening 
Notice may also require a proof of identity of a person exercising a voting right. 
(b) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
(i) 
The Convening Notice shall state the name, the place of the registered office of 
the Issuer, the time and venue of the Holders' Meeting, and the conditions on 
which attendance in the Holders' Meeting and the exercise of voting rights is made 
dependent, including the matters referred to in subsection (a)(ii) and (iii). 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice shall be published promptly in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) and additionally in accordance with the provisions of § 13. The 
costs of publication shall be borne by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
From the date on which the Holders' Meeting is convened until the date of the 
Holders' Meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the Holders, on the Issuer's 
website the Convening Notice and the precise conditions on which the attendance 
of the Holders' Meeting and the exercise of voting rights shall be dependent. 
(c) Information Duties, Voting. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall be obliged to give information at the Holders' Meeting to each 
Holder upon request in so far as such information is required for an informed 
judgment regarding an item on the agenda or a proposed resolution. 
(ii) 
The provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) regarding the 
voting of shareholders at general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis to the 
casting and counting of votes, unless otherwise provided for in the Convening 
Notice. 
(d) Publication of Resolutions. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall at its expense cause publication of the resolutions passed in 
appropriate form. If the registered office of the Issuer is located in Germany, the 
resolutions shall promptly be published in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) 
and additionally in accordance with the provisions of § 13. The publication 
prescribed 
in 
§ 50(1) 
of 
the 
German 
Securities 
Trading 
Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) shall be sufficient. 
(ii) 
In addition, the Issuer shall make available to the public the resolutions passed 
and, if the resolutions amend the Terms and Conditions, the wording of the original 
Terms and Conditions, for a period of not less than one month commencing on 
the day following the date of the Holders' Meeting. Such publication shall be made 
on the Issuer's website. 
(e) Taking of Votes without Meeting. 
The call for the taking of votes shall specify the period within which votes may be cast. 
Such period shall not be less than 72 hours. During such period, the Holders may cast 
their votes in text format (Textform) to the person presiding over the taking of votes. The 
Convening Notice may provide for other forms of casting votes. The call for the taking 
of votes shall give details as to the prerequisites which must be met for the votes to 
qualify for being counted. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(8) Amendment of the Guarantee. The provisions set out above applicable to the Notes 
shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Guarantee of BASF.] 
 
 
§ 12 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION  
 
 (1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, 
issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects 
(or in all respects except for the issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue 
price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
 
 (2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases 
are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to all Holders of 
such Notes alike. 
 
 (3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be 
reissued or resold.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
§ 13 
NOTICES  
In the case of 
Notes which are 
listed on the 
official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange the 
following applies 
 [(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
third day following the date of such publication. 
 
 
 (2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. In the case of notices regarding the Rate 
of Interest or, if the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange otherwise so permit, the 
Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) 
above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh day 
after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
  
In case of Notes 
which are unlisted 
the following 
applies 
 
 [(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 [(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g., email or fax) or in written form sent together 
with an evidence of the Holder's entitlement in accordance with § 14[(4)] to the Fiscal 
Agent. Such notice may be given through the Clearing System in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
 
 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT  
 
 (1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of 
the Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
 
 (2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, 
Federal Republic of Germany shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or 
other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Notes. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(3) Appointment of Authorized Agent. For any Proceedings before German courts, the 
Issuer appoints BASF SE, Carl-Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Federal 
Republic of Germany as its authorized agent for service of process in the Federal 
Republic of Germany.] 
 
 [(4)] Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or 
to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in its own name 
his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the 
Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date of such 
statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing 
System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of the Note in 
global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorized officer of the Clearing 
System or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
Proceedings of the actual records or the global note representing the Notes. For 
purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution 
of recognized standing authorized to engage in securities custody business with which 
the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes and includes the 
Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and 
enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way which is admitted in the 
country of the Proceedings.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE  
If the Terms and 
Conditions shall be 
in the German 
language with an 
English language 
translation the 
following applies 
 [These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with 
an English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. The 
English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
  
If the Terms and 
Conditions shall be 
in the English lang-
uage with a 
German language 
translation the 
following applies 
 [These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The 
German language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
  
If the Terms and 
Conditions shall be 
in the English 
language only the 
following applies 
 [These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes that are 
publicly offered, in 
whole or in part, in 
Germany or 
distributed, in 
whole or in part, to 
non-qualified 
investors in 
Germany with 
English language 
Terms and 
Conditions the 
following applies 
 [Eine deutsche Übersetzung der Anleihebedingungen wird bei der BASF SE, Carl-
Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, zur 
kostenlosen Ausgabe bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN) 
Einführung 
 Die Anleihebedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen (die "Anleihebedingungen") 
sind nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufgeführt: 
 
 Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere 
Optionen, die entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige optionale 
Bestimmung durch Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder links von dem Satz der 
Anleihebedingungen oder in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes der 
Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet wird.  
 
 In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die relevante Emittentin festlegen, welche der 
Option I oder Option II (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren 
Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, 
indem entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden oder auf die betreffenden 
Optionen verwiesen wird. 
 
 Soweit weder eine Emittentin noch die Garantin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des 
Prospektes Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne Emission 
von Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser Prospekt Leerstellen in 
eckigen Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, die 
für eine einzelne 
Emission 
anwendbar sind, 
nur auf die 
weiteren Optionen 
verweisen, die im 
Satz der Anleihe-
bedingungen der 
Option I oder 
Option II enthalten 
sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar  
 
[Die Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten für diese Schuldverschrei-
bungen so, wie sie durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen (die 
"Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, 
als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben 
ausgefüllt 
wären; 
alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, deren Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen; 
sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
(einschließlich 
der 
Anweisungen, 
Anmerkungen und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen 
Anleihebedingungen gestrichen, so dass die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind kostenlos 
bei 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
des 
Fiscal 
Agent 
und 
bei 
der 
Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich; bei nicht an einer Börse notierten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen 
allerdings ausschließlich für die Gläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.]

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung 
 
 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
DEUTSCHSPRACHIGE FASSUNG  
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN  
 
 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie ("Serie") der Schuldverschreibungen (die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der [BASF SE] [BASF Finance Europe N.V.] 
(["BASF"]["BASF Finance"] oder die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte Währung] (die 
"festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 
1 
Absatz 
(4))] 
von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer 
Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
durch eine 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde verbrieft 
sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar (für 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nach 
den C Rules 
begeben und/oder 
die von oder für 
CDS verwahrt 
werden) 
 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch eine Dauerglobal-
urkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Dauerglobal-
urkunde trägt die Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und ist von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
anfänglich durch 
eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nach 
den D Rules 
begeben werden) 
 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
(die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Stückelung, 
die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft 
sind, 
ausgetauscht. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder in dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem Tag gegen die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Ein 
solcher Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. 
Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte 
Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß 
diesem Absatz (b) dieses § 1 Absatz (3) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im 
Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen nur außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 6 Absatz (2) definiert) geliefert werden.]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
(4) Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibung verbrieft, wird 
von [einem oder für ein Clearing Systems verwahrt. "Clearing System" bedeutet [Bei 
mehr als einem Clearing System ist Folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Neue Börsenstr. 1, 60487 Frankfurt am Main, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland, ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg, ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgien, ("Euroclear") (CBL und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger.][CDS & Co. als Beauftragte für CDS Clearing and Depository 
Services Inc. ("CDS" oder das "Clearing System") verwahrt.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im  
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind maßgeblicher Nachweis des Gesamtnennbetrages 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine für zu 
diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der 
so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgebliche Bescheinigung des Inhalts des 
Registers des betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei jeder Tilgung oder einer Zinszahlung auf die durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die 
Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde entsprechend in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
 
 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Bei 
Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs entsprechend in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalur-
kunde verbrieft 
werden, die von 
oder für CDS 
verwahrt werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Das 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentum 
an 
der 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
wird 
durch 
Buchungserfassungskonten (book-entry accounts) von Finanzinstituten vermittelt, die 
im Namen der wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer handeln und direkte oder indirekte 
Teilnehmer bei CDS sind. Rechte an der Dauerglobalurkunde können durch 
Teilnehmer an diesen Systemen unmittelbar jeweils in Kanada durch CDS, 85, 
Richmond Street West, Toronto, Ontario, Kanada 115H 2C9 oder in Europa durch 
Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum 
Luxemburg, ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Brussels, Belgien, ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und 
zusammen die "ICSDs") gehalten werden, oder mittelbar durch Organisationen, die 
Teilnehmer an diesen Systemen sind. CBL und Euroclear werden Rechte im Namen 
ihrer Teilnehmer durch Wertpapierkonten in ihrem eigenen Namen bei den jeweiligen 
kanadischen Unterverwahrern halten, welche jeweils amtlich zugelassene kanadische 
Banken sind (Canadian Schedule I Chartered Bank) ("Kanadische Unterverwahrer").

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Die Kanadischen Unterverwahrer werden diese Rechte ihrerseits wiederum durch 
Wertpapierkonten im eigenen Namen bei CDS halten. 
 
 
Solange die Dauerglobalurkunde noch Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, werden die 
Emittentin, der Fiscal Agent und jede andere Zahlstelle die CDS & Co., oder jede 
andere von CDS benannte Stelle, für alle Zwecke als einzigen Gläubiger der 
Dauerglobalurkunde behandeln. Die durch die Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nur in Übereinstimmungen mit den Regeln und Verfahren 
der CDS übertragbar. Direkte Rechte können nur in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Anleihebedingungen und den Regeln und Verfahren der CDS ausgeübt werden. 
 
 
Außer in den nachstehenden beschränkten Fällen hat kein wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer 
der Schuldverschreibungen einen Anspruch auf die physische Lieferung von in 
Einzelurkunden 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
Einzelurkunden verbriefen oder verbriefen lassen und die Dauerglobalurkunde durch 
sie 
ersetzen, 
wenn 
die 
durch 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen von oder für CDS gehalten werden und (i) CDS die Emittentin 
benachrichtigt hat, dass sie nicht gewillt oder nicht in der Lage ist weiter Verwahrsstelle 
für die Schuldverschreibungen zu sein und die Emittentin 90 Zahltage (wie in § 4 
Absatz (4) definiert) nach Erhalt einer solchen Benachrichtigung keine Nachfolge-
Hinterlegungsstelle 
benannt 
hat; 
oder 
(ii) 
CDS 
aufhört 
eine 
nach 
dem 
Wertpapiergesetz von Ontario (Securities Act (Ontario)) anerkannte Clearingstelle oder 
eine 
Selbstregulierungsorganisation 
(self-regulatory 
organisation) 
nach 
dem 
Wertpapiergesetz von Québec (Securities Act (Québec)) oder einer anderen 
kanadischen Wertpapiervorschrift zu sein und kein anderes für die Emittentin 
zufriedenstellendes 
Clearingsystem 
innerhalb 
von 
90 
Zahltagen 
nach 
Kenntniserlangung der Emittentin vom Verlust der oben benannten Eigenschaft seitens 
der CDS benannt wird.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft werden, die von oder für CDS verwahrt werden, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar (vorbehaltlich anderweitiger Regelungen gemäß § 1(4) oben 
und 
§ 
4(1) 
nachstehend)] 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG[, GARANTIE UND 
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER GARANTIN] 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig 
sind, 
soweit 
diesen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nicht 
durch 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
 
 
(2) Negativverpflichtung. 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, 
keine gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten und keine 
Garantien oder andere Gewährleistungen dafür durch Grund- oder Mobiliarpfandrechte 
an ihrem Vermögen zu besichern, ohne jeweils die Gläubiger zur gleichen Zeit und im 
gleichen Rang an solchen Sicherheiten oder an solchen anderen Sicherheiten, die von 
einem internationalen angesehenen unabhängigen Wirtschaftsprüfer als gleichwertige 
Sicherheit anerkannt werden, teilnehmen zu lassen. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" bezeichnet jede Verbindlichkeit hinsichtlich der 
Rückzahlung aufgenommener Geldbeträge, die durch Schuldverschreibungen oder 
sonstige Wertpapiere mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr, die 
an einer Börse oder an einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können, verbrieft oder verkörpert ist. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
von BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
 
[(3) Garantie und Negativverpflichtung der Garantin. BASF (die "Garantin") hat die 
unbedingte und unwiderrufliche Garantie (die "Garantie") für die ordnungsgemäße und 
pünktliche 
Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen 
und 
sonstiger 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbarer Beträge übernommen. Die Garantin hat sich

--- Page 105 ---
105 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
außerdem in einer Negativverpflichtung (die "Negativverpflichtung") verpflichtet, 
solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind, keine gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie 
vorstehend definiert) und keine Garantien oder andere Gewährleistungen dafür durch 
Grund- oder Mobiliarpfandrechte an ihrem Vermögen zu besichern oder eine solche 
Besicherung zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger an 
derselben Sicherheit oder an solchen anderen Sicherheiten, die von einem 
internationalen angesehenen unabhängigen Wirtschaftsprüfer als gleichwertige 
Sicherheit anerkannt werden, im gleichen Rang und gleichem Verhältnis teilnehmen zu 
lassen. Die Garantie und die Negativverpflichtung stellen einen Vertrag zugunsten 
jedes Gläubigers als begünstigtem Dritten gemäß § 328 BGB dar, welcher das Recht 
jedes Gläubigers begründet, Erfüllung aus der Garantie und der Negativverpflichtung 
unmittelbar 
von 
der 
Garantin 
zu 
verlangen 
und 
die 
Garantie 
und 
die 
Negativverpflichtung unmittelbar gegen die Garantin durchzusetzen.] 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN  
 
 (1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. 
Falls die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen mit einem 
gleichbleibenden 
Zinssatz 
ausgestattet sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren Gesamtnennbetrag verzinst, 
und zwar vom [Verzinsungsbeginn] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis 
zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 Absatz (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) mit jährlich 
[Zinssatz]%. Die Zinsen sind nachträglich am [Festzinstermin(e)] eines jeden Jahres 
zahlbar (jeweils ein "Zinszahlungstag").] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Schuldverschreibu
ngen mit 
verschiedenen 
Zinssätzen 
ausgestattet sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren Gesamtnennbetrag wie folgt 
verzinst. Zinsen sind nachträglich am jeweiligen Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
 
 
vom 
(einschließlich) 
 
[Daten] 
bis 
(ausschließlich) 
 
[Daten] 
(jeweils ein 
"Zinszahlungstag") 
 
 
% p.a. 
 
[Zinssätze]] 
 
 
 
Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am [erster Zinszahlungstag] [Sofern der erste 
Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: und beläuft sich auf [anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
festgelegte Stückelung].] [Sofern der Fälligkeitstag kein Festzinstermin ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [letzter dem Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehender 
Festzinstermin] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf [abschließenden Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
festgelegte Stückelung].] 
 
 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht einlöst, erfolgt die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag der Fälligkeit 
bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen in Höhe des 
gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen.(1) 
 
 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum 
abweichend von einem Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf der 
Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert). 
 
(1) 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
(4) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung 
eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 
251) mit nur einer 
Zinsperiode 
innerhalb eines 
Zinsjahres 
(ausschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder letzten 
kurzen oder langen 
Kupons) ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 
251) mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
(einschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder letzten 
kurzen Kupons) ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die Anzahl der 
Tage 
in 
der 
Bezugsperiode 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert), 
in 
die 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 
251) mit zwei oder 
mehr 
gleichbleibenden 
Zinsperioden 
(einschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder letzten 
kurzen Kupons) 
innerhalb eines 
Zinsjahres ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt aus 
(1) der Anzahl der Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die der Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt 
und (2) der Anzahl von Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen 
würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären.]  
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 
251) und wenn der 
Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum länger ist 
als eine 
Bezugsperiode 
(langer Kupon) ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Summe aus: 
(a)  der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die Bezugsperiode 
fallen, in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt durch [Im Fall 
von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: das Produkt aus (x)] [die] [der] Anzahl der Tage in dieser 
Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: und (y) der Anzahl von Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein 
Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu 
zahlen wären]; und 
 
 
(b) 
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Bezugsperiode fallen, geteilt durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer 
sind als ein Jahr, ist Folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (x)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die 
kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und (y) der Anzahl von 
Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen 
für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären].] 
 
 
 
Folgendes gilt für 
alle Optionen von 
Actual/Actual 
 
["Bezugsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich).

--- Page 107 ---
107 
(ICMA Regelung 
251) anwendbar 
außer Option 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 
251) mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
(ausschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder letzten 
kurzen oder langen 
Kupons) 
[Im Fall eines ersten oder letzten kurzen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen 
Bezugsperiode gilt der [Fiktive Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstag.] [Im Fall eines 
ersten 
oder 
letzten 
langen 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen Bezugsperiode gelten 
der [Fiktiver Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstage].] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 30/360, 
360/360 oder Bond 
Basis ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, berechnet 
gemäß der nachfolgenden Formel: 
𝑍𝑇𝑄= [360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes:  
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
"J1" 
ist 
das 
Jahr, 
ausgedrückt 
als 
Zahl, 
in 
das 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"T1" ist der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese 
Zahl wäre 31 und T1 ist größer als 29, in welchem Fall T2 gleich 30 ist.] 
 
 
Im Fall von 30E/360 
oder Eurobond 
Basis ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, berechnet 
gemäß der nachfolgenden Formel: 
𝑍𝑇𝑄= [360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes:  
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
"J1" 
ist 
das 
Jahr, 
ausgedrückt 
als 
Zahl, 
in 
das 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausgedrückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der auf den 
letzten in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt; 
"T1" ist der erste Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und

--- Page 108 ---
108 
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, der auf den letzten in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum eingeschlossenen Tag unmittelbar folgt, es sei denn, diese 
Zahl wäre 31, in welchem Fall T2 gleich 30 ist.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von auf 
CAD lautenden 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
oder für CDS 
verwahrt werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(5) Interest Act (Canada). Für die Zwecke der nach dem Interest Act (Canada) 
geforderten Offenlegung, ist, wann immer Zinsen auf der Basis eines anderen 
Zeitraums als einem Kalenderjahr zu berechnen sind, der jährliche Zinssatz, der für die 
Zwecke des Interest Act (Canada) dem impliziten Zinssatz einer solchen Berechnung 
entspricht, der jeweilige implizite Zinssatz multipliziert mit der tatasächlichen Anzahl 
von Tagen in dem Kalenderjahr, in welchem derselbe festgestellt wird, geteilt durch die 
Anzahl der Tage, auf der Basis derer eine solche Berechnung vorgenommen wurde. 
Der vorstehende Satz ist eine nach dem kanadischen Recht geforderte Offenlegung 
und, um Zweifel zu vermeiden, nichts in diesem Absatz (5) ändert in irgendeiner Weise 
die Methode, nach der Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum zu berechnen sind.] 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1) (a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden § 4(2) an das 
Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe von § 4(2) an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift 
auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von § 4(2) an das 
Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung 
gemäß § 1(3)(b). 
 
Im Fall von 
Zahlungen von 
Kapital oder 
Zinsen auf eine 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde, die von 
oder für CDS 
verwahrt wird, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen, Erfüllung. Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zinsen in Bezug 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen an CDS & Co., oder jede andere von CDS 
benannte Stelle, und CDS wird die erhaltene Zahlung an die jeweiligen 
Wertpapierkonten verteilen. CDS & Co., oder jede andere von CDS benannte Stelle, 
welche als einziger Gläubiger der Dauerglobalurkunde zu behandeln ist, ist die einzige 
zum Empfang von Zahlungen auf die durch die Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen berechtigte Person und die Emittentin wird durch jede so an 
den einzigen Gläubiger dieser Dauerglobalurkunde oder nach dessen Order geleistete 
Zahlung von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. Jeder in den Registern der CDS geführte 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
eines 
jeweiligen 
Nennbetrags 
der 
durch 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen muss sich wegen seines oder 
ihres Anteils jeder so durch die Emittentin an den einzigen Gläubiger der 
Dauerglobalurkunde oder nach dessen Order geleisteten Zahlung ausschließlich an 
CDS wenden. Außer dem einzigen Gläubiger der Dauerglobalurkunde hat keine andere 
Person einen Anspruch gegen die Emittentin in Bezug auf eine fällige Zahlung auf diese 
Dauerglobalurkunde.] 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der "Code") 
beschrieben bzw. anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des Code auferlegt, 
etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder geschlossener Abkommen, 
etwaiger offizieller Auslegungen davon, oder von Gesetzen zur Umsetzung einer 
Regierungszusammenarbeit 
dazu 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
auf 
Renminbi 
lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ist Folgendes anwendbar: und vorbehaltlich der 
Abwicklung zum USD-Gegenwert aufgrund Fehlender Konvertierbarkeit, Fehlender 
Übertragbarkeit oder Illiquidität gemäß Absatz (7)] erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Im Fall von 
Zahlungen von 
Kapital oder 
Zinsen auf eine 
Global-urkunde, 
die von oder für 
CBF oder die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt wird, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System 
oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit.] 
 
 
[(4)] 
Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung 
in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der 
Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser 
Verspätung zu verlangen. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag, der 
Falls die 
festgelegte 
Währung nicht 
EUR ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln und an dem 
das Clearing System geöffnet ist, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln.] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
festgelegte 
Währung EUR ist, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem das Clearing System sowie 
alle betroffenen Bereiche des vom Eurosystem betriebenen real-time gross settlement 
system oder dessen Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem ("T2") geöffnet sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln.] 
 
 
[(5)] 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
[Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
der Schuldverschreibungen;] [Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] [Falls die Emittentin 
das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig nach Veröffentlichung 
einer Transaktions-Mitteilung zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] 
sowie 
jeden 
Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge. Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
 
 
[(6)] Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der BASF Finance begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: bzw. die Garantin] ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt 
am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die 
von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug 
befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme 
verzichtet wird, erlöschen die diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die 
Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der BASF Finance 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: bzw. die Garantin]. 
Im Fall von auf 
Renminbi 
lautenden 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(7) (a) Zahlungsverschiebung oder Abwicklung zum USD-Gegenwert. 
Ungeachtet 
jeglicher 
entgegenstehender 
Bestimmungen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen, falls die Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantin] nach Treu und Glauben und 
in wirtschaftlich angemessener Weise festlegt, dass sie aufgrund Fehlender 
Konvertierbarkeit, Fehlender Übertragbarkeit oder Illiquidität (jeweils ein "RMB-

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Währungsereignis") nicht in der Lage ist, Zahlungen in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF 
Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantie] bei Fälligkeit vollständig in RMB in 
Hongkong zu leisten, kann die Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantin] [Falls vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin wegen Fehlender Konvertierbarkeit, 
Fehlender Übertragbarkeit oder Illiquidität anwendbar ist, gilt folgendes:, 
vorbehaltlich einer vorzeitigen Rückzahlung gemäß § 5([7]),] nach eigenem Ermessen 
(i) die jeweilige Zahlung auf den zweiten Geschäftstag nach dem Tag, an dem das 
RMB-Währungsereignis nicht mehr besteht, verschieben, es sei denn, das RMB-
Währungsereignis besteht 14 aufeinanderfolgende Tage nach dem jeweiligen 
Fälligkeitstag fort, oder (ii) jede derartige Zahlung an dem jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag in 
US-Dollar zum USD-Gegenwert jedes solchen RMB-Betrages leisten. Entscheidet sich 
die Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance 
begeben werden: bzw. die Garantin] dafür, die jeweilige Zahlung zu verschieben und 
das RMB-Währungsereignis besteht für mehr als 14 aufeinanderfolgende Tage nach 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Fälligkeitstag 
fort, 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantin] die jeweilige Zahlung an dem Geschäftstag in US-Dollar zum USD-
Gegenwert jedes solchen RMB-Betrages leisten, der auf den 14. aufeinanderfolgenden 
Tag nach dem jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag folgt. Bei Feststellung, dass ein RMB-
Währungsereignis 
eingetreten 
ist, 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantin] nicht später als 14 Uhr (Hongkong Zeit) am Kurs-Feststellungstag (i) die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 definiert) benachrichtigen und (ii) die Berechnungsstelle 
anweisen, 
die 
Gläubiger 
gemäß 
§ 13 
über 
den 
Eintritt 
eines 
RMB-
Währungsereignisses und die Entscheidung der Emittentin 
[Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. der 
Garantin], Zahlungen zu verschieben oder Zahlungen in US-Dollar zu leisten, zu 
benachrichtigen. 
In 
diesem 
Fall 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantin] die Mitteilung an die Gläubiger so früh wie möglich gemäß § 13 veranlassen. 
Im Fall von Zahlungen gemäß diesem § 4[(7)](a) werden die Schuldverschreibungen 
vom jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag der Schuldverschreibungen (einschließlich) bis zum Tag 
der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung (einschließlich) nicht verzinst. 
 
 
(b) Zahlungen in US-Dollar. Falls die Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantin] entscheidet, Zahlungen 
in US-Dollar zu leisten, werden Zahlungen des USD-Gegenwertes des jeweiligen RMB-
Betrages an die Person(en) gemäß diesem § 4 geleistet. Die Emittentin [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantin] wird durch Leistung einer jeder solchen Zahlung von ihrer jeweiligen 
Zahlungspflicht 
unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. unter der 
Garantie] befreit. 
 
 
(c) Nichtverfügbarkeit des Kassakurses. Falls (a) die Emittentin [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantin] entscheidet, Zahlungen in US-Dollar zu leisten und (b) es nicht möglich ist, 
den Kassakurs am Kurs-Feststellungstag einzuholen, kann die Emittentin [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantin] nach eigenem Ermessen den Kurs-Feststellungstag auf den nächsten 
Geschäftstag, an dem der Kassakurs eingeholt werden kann, verschieben, es sei denn, 
die Nichtverfügbarkeit des Kassakurses besteht für bis zu 15 aufeinanderfolgende Tage 
nach dem Tag, der aufgrund der Nichtverfügbarkeit des Kassakurses der Kurs-
Feststellungstag wäre (der "Anfängliche Kurs-Feststellungstag"), fort. Falls die 
Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben 
werden: bzw. die Garantin] entscheidet, den Kurs-Feststellungstag zu verschieben und 
der Kassakurs bis zum 15. aufeinanderfolgenden Tag nach dem Anfänglichen Kurs-
Feststellungstag nicht verfügbar ist, ist der erste Geschäftstag nach dem 15. 
aufeinanderfolgenden Tag nach dem Anfänglichen Kurs-Feststellungstag der Kurs-
Feststellungstag. Wird der Kurs-Feststellungstag verschoben, wird der jeweilige 
Fälligkeitstag von Zahlungen auf den zweiten Geschäftstag nach dem Kurs-
Feststellungstag verschoben. Die Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen,

--- Page 111 ---
111 
die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantin] wird ohne 
unangemessene Verzögerung nachdem sie festgestellt hat, dass es nicht möglich ist, 
den Kassakurs am Kurs-Feststellungstag einzuholen (i) die Berechnungsstelle 
benachrichtigen und (ii) die Berechnungsstelle anweisen, die Gläubiger gemäß § 13 
über die Nichtverfügbarkeit des Kassakurses und die Entscheidung der Emittentin [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. 
die Garantin], den Kurs-Feststellungstag zu verschieben oder die Berechnungsstelle 
anzuweisen, den Kassakurs zu bestimmen, zu benachrichtigen. In diesem Fall wird die 
Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben 
werden: bzw. die Garantin] die Mitteilung an die Gläubiger so früh wie möglich gemäß 
§ 13 veranlassen. Im Fall von Zahlungen gemäß diesem § 4[(7)](a) werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen vom jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag der Schuldverschreibungen 
(einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung (einschließlich) nicht 
verzinst. 
 
 
(d) Definitionen. Für die Zwecke dieses Absatzes (7) haben die folgenden Begriffe 
folgende Bedeutung: 
 
 
"Staatliche Stelle" bezeichnet alle de facto oder de jure staatlichen Regierungen 
(einschließlich 
der 
dazu 
gehörenden 
Behörden 
oder 
Organe), 
Gerichte, 
rechtsprechenden, verwaltungsbehördlichen oder sonstigen staatlichen Stellen und 
alle sonstigen (privatrechtlichen oder öffentlich-rechtlichen) Personen (einschließlich 
der jeweiligen Zentralbank), die mit Aufsichtsfunktionen über die Finanzmärkte in 
Hongkong betraut sind. 
 
 
"Hong Kong" bezeichnet die Sonderverwaltungszone Hongkong der Volksrepublik 
China. 
 
 
"Illiquidität" bezeichnet die Illiquidität des allgemeinen RMB-Devisenmarkts in 
Hongkong, 
außer 
in 
Folge 
Fehlender 
Konvertierbarkeit 
oder 
Fehlender 
Übertragbarkeit, infolgedessen die Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantin] (nachdem von ihr alle 
Anstrengungen unternommen wurden) nicht die ausreichende Menge an RMB zur 
vollständigen 
Erfüllung 
ihrer 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF 
Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantie] erhalten kann. 
 
 
"Fehlende Konvertierbarkeit" bezeichnet den Eintritt eines Ereignisses, das die 
Umwandlung eines fälligen Betrags in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen [Im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantie] in RMB am allgemeinen RMB-Devisenmarkt in Hongkong unmöglich, oder, 
nachdem alle Anstrengungen unternommen wurden, undurchführbar macht, sofern 
diese Unmöglichkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit ausschließlich auf eine Nichteinhaltung 
von Gesetzen, Verordnungen oder Vorschriften einer Staatlichen Stelle seitens der 
Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben 
werden: bzw. der Garantin] zurückzuführen ist (es sei denn, die betreffenden Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
Vorschriften 
werden 
nach 
dem 
Begebungstag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen verabschiedet bzw. erlassen und ihre Einhaltung ist der 
Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben 
werden: bzw. der Garantin] aufgrund eines außerhalb ihres Einflussbereichs liegenden 
Ereignisses nicht möglich oder, nachdem von ihr alle Anstrengungen unternommen 
wurden, undurchführbar). 
 
 
"Fehlende Übertragbarkeit" bezeichnet den Eintritt eines Ereignisses, das eine 
Überweisung von RMB zwischen Konten innerhalb Hongkongs oder von einem Konto 
in Hongkong auf ein Konto außerhalb Hongkongs unmöglich oder, nachdem alle 
Anstrengungen 
unternommen 
wurden, 
undurchführbar 
macht, 
sofern 
diese 
Unmöglichkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit ausschließlich auf eine Nichteinhaltung von 
Gesetzen, Verordnungen oder Vorschriften einer Staatlichen Stelle seitens der 
Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben 
werden: bzw. der Garantin] zurückzuführen ist (es sei denn, die betreffenden Gesetze, 
Verordnungen 
oder 
Vorschriften 
werden 
nach 
dem 
Begebungstag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen verabschiedet bzw. erlassen und ihre Einhaltung ist der 
Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben 
werden: bzw. der Garantin] aufgrund eines außerhalb ihres Einflussbereichs liegenden 
Ereignisses nicht möglich oder, nachdem von ihr alle Anstrengungen unternommen

--- Page 112 ---
112 
wurden, undurchführbar). 
 
 
"Kurs-Feststellungstag" bezeichnet den Tag, der zwei Geschäftstage vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag der jeweiligen Zahlung gemäß dieser Anleihebedingungen liegt, 
vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung gemäß Absatz (7)(c) oben. 
 
 
"Kassakurs" bezeichnet das arithmetische Mittel zwischen Geld- und Briefkurs 
zwischen US-Dollar und RMB für den Kauf von US-Dollar mit Renminbi auf dem 
außerbörslichen Renminbi Devisenmarkt in Hongkong mit Abwicklung nach zwei 
Geschäftstagen zu dem von der Berechnungsstelle am Kurs-Feststellungstag um ca. 
11.00 Uhr (Hongkong Zeit), unter der Annahme einer tatsächlichen Abwicklung, unter 
Heranziehung der auf der Bildschirmseite TRADCNY3 von Reuters unter der Spalte 
USD/CNH festgelegten Kurse, oder, sofern solche Kurse nicht zur Verfügung stehen, 
unter der Annahme eines synthetischen Geschäfts, unter Heranziehung der 
Bildschirmseite TRADNDF von Reuters oder der jeweiligen Nachfolgeseiten. Sofern 
keiner dieser Kurse verfügbar ist, wird die Berechnungsstelle den Kassakurs um ca. 
11.00 Uhr (Hongkong Zeit) am Kurs-Feststellungstag als aktuellsten verfügbaren 
offiziellen US-Dollar/RMB Kurs für Abwicklungen am übernächsten Geschäftstag, wie 
vom staatlichen Devisenamt der Volksrepublik China (State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange of the People's Republic of China) veröffentlicht, der auf der Bildschirmseite 
CNY=SAEC von Reuters veröffentlicht wird, bestimmen. Verweise auf Bildschirmseiten 
von Reuters beziehen sich auf von Reuters so bezeichnete Monitor Money Rates 
Service Seiten (oder einen an dessen Stelle tretenden Dienst) oder auf andere Seiten, 
die 
diese 
Seiten 
zum 
Zwecke 
der 
Darstellung 
eines 
vergleichbaren 
Devisenwechselkurses gegebenenfalls ersetzen. 
 
 
"USD-Gegenwert" eines RMB-Betrags bezeichnet den in US-Dollar anhand des 
Kassakurses für den jeweiligen Kurs-Feststellungstag umgewandelten jeweiligen RMB-
Betrag, wie von der Berechnungsstelle an dem Kurs-Feststellungstag bestimmt und der 
Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben 
werden: bzw. der Garantin] unverzüglich mitgeteilt. 
 
 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet für die Zwecke dieses § 4 Absatz (7) einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken für den allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich Devisengeschäften) in [Hongkong, Peking] geöffnet 
sind. 
 
 
(e) Bezugnahmen. Bezugnahmen auf "RMB" bezeichnen die gesetzliche Währung der 
Volksrepublik China, wobei dieser Begriff Hongkong, die Sonderverwaltungszone 
Macao der Volksrepublik China und Taiwan ausschließt. 
 
 
(f) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Mitteilungen, Auffassungen, Feststellungen, 
Bescheinigungen, Berechnungen, Kursnotierungen und Entscheidungen, die für die 
Zwecke dieser Bestimmungen von der Berechnungsstelle abgegeben, zum Ausdruck 
gebracht, vorgenommen oder eingeholt werden, sind (außer in Fällen von Vorsatz, 
Arglist 
oder 
offenkundigen 
Fehlern) 
für 
die 
Emittentin 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantin], die Erfüllungsgehilfen und alle Gläubiger verbindlich.] 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet [Im Fall von auf Renminbi lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ist Folgendes anwendbar: bzw. vorbehaltlich einer 
Zahlungsverschiebung gemäß § 4 Absatz (7)], werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber 
dem Fiscal Agent und gemäß § 13 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und 
zu ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich bis 
zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt 
werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren 
politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung 
oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem 
Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, 
wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz (1) definiert) zur 
Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) 
verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen vernünftiger, 
der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann 
fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem die 
Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
nicht mehr wirksam ist.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber 
dem Fiscal Agent und gemäß § 13 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und 
zu ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) zuzüglich bis 
zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt 
werden, falls die Emittentin oder die Garantin als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung 
der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder der Niederlande oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden 
oder als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen 
Auslegung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder 
Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(wie in § 3 Absatz (1) definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser 
Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das 
Ergreifen vernünftiger, der Emittentin oder der Garantin zur Verfügung stehender 
Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin oder die Garantin verpflichtet wäre, 
solche 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
zu 
zahlen, 
falls 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, in dem die Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist.]  
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 13 zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den 
für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründenden 
Umständen darlegt. 
Falls die 
Gläubiger das 
Wahlrecht haben, 
die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig aufgrund 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
zu kündigen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar  
 
[(3) Kontrollwechsel. Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein und kommt es innerhalb des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums zu einer Absenkung des Ratings auf Grund des 
Kontrollwechsels (zusammen, ein "Rückzahlungsereignis"), hat jeder Gläubiger das 
Recht 
(sofern 
nicht 
die 
Emittentin, 
bevor 
die nachstehend 
beschriebene 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemacht wird, die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
nach § 5 Absatz (2) angezeigt hat), die Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Emittentin zum Nennbetrag, zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zinsen bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich), zu verlangen. 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
Bedeutet "Ratingagentur" jede Ratingagentur von S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P"), Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") und Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
("Fitch") oder eine ihrer jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaften oder jede andere von 
BASF von Zeit zu Zeit bestimmte Ratingagentur vergleichbaren internationalen 
Ansehens; 
Gilt eine "Absenkung des Ratings" in Bezug auf einen Kontrollwechsel als 
eingetreten, wenn innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein vorher für BASF oder

--- Page 114 ---
114 
die Schuldverschreibungen vergebenes Rating einer Ratingagentur (i) zurückgezogen 
oder (ii) von einem Investment Grade Rating (BBB- von S&P und Fitch/Baa3 von 
Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder besser) in ein non-Investment Grade Rating 
(BB+ von S&P und Fitch/Ba1 von Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder schlechter) 
geändert wird; 
Gilt ein "Kontrollwechsel" jedes Mal als eingetreten, wenn eine Person oder mehrere 
Personen (die "relevante(n) Person(en)"), die im Sinne von § 30 Absatz 2 des 
Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetzes (WpÜG) abgestimmt handeln, oder ein 
oder mehrere Dritte(r), die im Auftrag der relevanten Person(en) handeln, zu 
irgendeiner Zeit mittelbar oder unmittelbar (unabhängig davon, ob der Vorstand oder 
der Aufsichtsrat der BASF seine Zustimmung erteilt hat) eine solche Anzahl von Aktien 
der BASF hält bzw. halten oder erworben hat bzw. haben, auf die mehr als 50% der 
Stimmrechte entfallen; 
Ist der "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" der Zeitraum, der 120 Tage nach dem Eintritt eines 
Kontrollwechsels endet; und 
Ist der "Rückzahlungstag" der fünfzehnte Tag nach dem letzten Tag des 
Ausübungszeitraums. 
Sofort nachdem die Emittentin von einem Rückzahlungsereignis Kenntnis erlangt, wird 
sie den Gläubigern gemäß § 13 Mitteilung vom Rückzahlungsereignis machen (eine 
"Rückzahlungsmitteilung"), in der die Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses sowie 
das Verfahren für die Ausübung des in diesem § 5 Absatz (3) genannten Wahlrechts 
angegeben sind. 
Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger innerhalb eines Zeitraums von 45 
Tagen 
nachdem 
die 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung 
veröffentlicht 
ist 
(der 
"Ausübungszeitraum"), an die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent eine 
Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder in 
schriftlicher Form ("Ausübungserklärung") zu schicken. Falls die Ausübungserklärung 
nach 17:00 Uhr Frankfurt am Main Zeit am 45. Tag nach Veröffentlichung der 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die 
Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) 
den 
gesamten 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird und (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben). Für die 
Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen 
des Fiscal Agent in deutscher und englischer Sprache erhältlich ist und das weitere 
Hinweise enthält, verwendet werden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen 
an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zu 
festgelegten 
Wahlrück-
zahlungsbeträgen 
(Call) zurück-
zuzahlen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) oder jederzeit danach bis zum jeweils nachfolgenden 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
zum/zu 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Call), wie nachstehend angegeben, nebst etwaigen 
bis zum jeweiligen Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen 
zurückzahlen.  
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Call) 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                 ] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                 ] 
 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(6)] dieses § 5 verlangt 
hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 13 bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
 
(iii) den Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr als 60 Tage 
nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern 
liegen darf; und 
 
 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zum 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungs-
betrag 
zurückzuzahlen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen jederzeit insgesamt oder teilweise (jeweils ein "Vorzeitiger 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call)") zum vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
jeweiligen 
Vorzeitigen 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(6)] dieses § 5 verlangt 
hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 13 bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
 
 
 
(iii) den Vorzeitigen Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf.  
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
Falls der Gläubiger 
ein Wahlrecht hat, 
die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
 
[[(6)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers.  
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des entsprechenden 
Wahlrechts durch den Gläubiger am/an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put)

--- Page 116 ---
116 
vorzeitig zu 
festgelegtem/n 
Wahlrückzahlungs-
betrag/-beträgen 
(Put) zu kündigen, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
zum/zu 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Put), 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben nebst etwaigen bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Put) 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                 ] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                 ] 
 
 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung eines ihrer Wahlrechte 
nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als 30 Tage und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die 
Rückzahlung gemäß der Ausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen 
soll, an die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent eine Mitteilung zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder in schriftlicher Form 
("Ausübungserklärung") zu schicken. Falls die Ausübungserklärung nach 17:00 
Uhr Frankfurt am Main Zeit am 30. Tag vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) eingeht, 
ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: 
(i) den gesamten Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt wird und (ii) die Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen 
(soweit vergeben). Für die Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei den 
bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen des Fiscal Agent in deutscher und englischer 
Sprache erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise enthält, verwendet werden. Die 
Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur 
gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, deren 
festgelegte 
Währung Renminbi 
ist und falls die 
Emittentin das 
Recht zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
wegen Fehlender 
Konvertierbarkeit, 
Fehlender 
Übertragbarkeit 
oder Illiquidität hat, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(7)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin wegen Fehlender 
Konvertierbarkeit, Fehlender Übertragbarkeit oder Illiquidität. Falls die Emittentin [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. 
die Garantin] aufgrund Fehlender Konvertierbarkeit, Fehlender Übertragbarkeit oder 
Illiquidität (wie jeweils in § 4 Absatz 7 definiert) nicht in der Lage ist, Zahlungen in Bezug 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF 
Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantie] bei Fälligkeit vollständig in RMB in 
Hongkong zu leisten, kann die Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantin] die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 10 
und nicht mehr als 30 Tagen unwiderruflich gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § 13 
vorzeitig kündigen und zum USD-Gegenwert (wie in § 4 Absatz 7 definiert) des 
Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrages zuzüglich des USD-Gegenwerts etwaiger bis zum 
für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (ausschliesslich) aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückzahlen.] 
 
 
Falls 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrag 
anwendbar ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(8)] Rückkauf; Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem 
ausstehendem Nennbetrag. Die Emittentin kann jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis kaufen (was zur Vermeidung von 
Zweifeln eine (vorzeitige) Rückzahlung, wie in diesen Anleihebedingungen festgelegt, 
ausschließt). Derartig erworbene Schuldverschreibungen können entwertet, gehalten 
oder wieder veräußert werden. Falls die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen in einem 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
75% 
oder 
mehr 
des 
ursprünglich 
begebenen 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erworben 
hat, 
und 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen in der Globalurkunde um diesen 
Prozentsatz 
reduziert 
wurde, 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
die 
verbleibenden 
Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise) mit einer Kündigungsfrist 
von nicht weniger als 30 und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen unwiderruflich gegenüber den

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Gläubigern gemäß § 13 kündigen und zum Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaiger bis 
zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.] 
 
 
Falls die Emittentin 
das Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
nach 
Veröffentlichung 
einer Transaktions-
Mitteilung zum 
Ereignis-Wahlrück-
zahlungsbetrag 
zurückzuzahlen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(9)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin nach Veröffentlichung einer 
Transaktions-Mitteilung. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) mittels einer Transaktions-
Mitteilung gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise am 
jeweiligen 
Rückzahlungstag 
zum 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
nebst 
etwaigen bis zum jeweiligen Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
bezeichnet 
[Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag]. 
 
 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
Mitteilung, 
dass 
das 
Transaktionsauslösende Ereignis eingetreten ist. Die Transaktions-Mitteilung kann 
nur innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem Eintreten des Transaktionsauslösenden 
Ereignisses und nur, wenn das Transaktionsauslösende Ereignis innerhalb der 
Transaktionsauslösenden Ereignisfrist eingetreten ist, zugestellt werden.   
 
 
"Transaktionsauslösende 
Ereignisfrist" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
[Begebungstag] bis zum [Datum Ende des Zeitraums]. 
"Transaktion" bezeichnet [Beschreibung der Transaktion bezüglich derer die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu Finanzierungszwecken begeben wurden oder in 
Bezug auf die das Eintreten eines Transaktionsauslösenden Ereignisses das 
Kündigungsrecht auslöst]. 
"Transaktionsauslösendes Ereignis" bedeutet [die Transaktion wurde vor ihrem 
Abschluss beendet oder die Transaktion wird aus irgendeinem anderen Grund nicht 
abgewickelt oder die Emittentin hat öffentlich erklärt, dass sie nicht länger 
beabsichtigt, die Transaktion zu verfolgen] [Beschreibung des Ereignisses im 
Zusammenhang mit der Transaktion, dessen Eintritt ein Kündigungsrecht 
auslöst] 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(6)] dieses § 5 verlangt 
hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die Transaktions-Mitteilung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch 
die Emittentin gemäß § 13 bekanntzugeben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
 
 
(iii) den jeweiligen Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr 
als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
 
 
[(10)] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. [(a)] Für die Zwecke des Absatzes (2) [und 
[(7)]] 
dieses 
§ 5, 
entspricht 
der 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung dem Rückzahlungsbetrag.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zum 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungs-
betrag 
zurückzuzahlen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(b) Für die Zwecke des Absatzes [(5)] dieses § 5 entspricht der vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung (i) dem Rückzahlungsbetrag oder (ii), 
falls höher, dem abgezinsten Marktwert der Schuldverschreibung. Der abgezinste 
Marktwert einer Schuldverschreibung wird von der Berechnungsstelle errechnet und 
entspricht 
dem 
abgezinsten 
Wert 
der 
Summe 
des 
Nennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibung und der verbleibenden Zinszahlungen bis zum [Fälligkeitstag]. 
Der abgezinste Wert wird von der Berechnungsstelle errechnet, indem der Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
und 
die 
verbleibenden 
Zinszahlungen 
bis 
zum 
[Fälligkeitstag] auf einer jährlichen Basis, bei Annahme eines 365-Tage Jahres bzw. 
eines 366-Tages Jahres und der tatsächlichen Anzahl von Tagen, die einem solchen 
Jahr abgelaufen sind, unter Anwendung der Vergleichbaren Benchmark Rendite 
zuzüglich [Prozentsatz]% abgezinst werden. Die "Vergleichbare Benchmark 
Rendite" bezeichnet die am Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag bestehende Rendite der 
entsprechenden [Euro-Referenz-Anleihe der Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [durch HM 
Treasury 
begebenen 
Sterling-Referenzanleihe 
des 
Vereinigten 
Königreichs] 
[Schweizer Franken-Referenz-Bundesanleihe der Schweizerischen Eidgenossen-
schaft] [Referenz-U.S. Staatsanleihe (US Treasury debt security) in U.S. Dollar] mit 
einer Laufzeit, die mit der verbleibenden Laufzeit der Schuldverschreibung bis zum 
[Fälligkeitstag] vergleichbar ist, und die im Zeitpunkt der Auswahlentscheidung und 
entsprechend 
der 
üblichen 
Finanzmarktpraxis 
zur 
Preisbestimmung 
bei 
Neuemissionen von Unternehmensanleihen mit einer bis zum [Fälligkeitstag] der 
Schuldverschreibung 
vergleichbaren 
Laufzeit 
verwendet 
werden 
würde. 
"Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag" ist der dritte Zahltag vor dem jeweiligen Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call).] 
 
 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT[, ] [UND] DIE ZAHLSTELLE [UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE]  
 
 (1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent [,] 
[und] 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Zahlstelle 
[und 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle] und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
Folgendes ist 
außer für eine 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde, die von 
oder für CDS 
verwahrt wird, 
anwendbar 
 [Fiscal Agent 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 und Zahlstelle: 
Trust & Agency Services 
  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] 
 
 
Im Fall einer 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde, die von 
oder für CDS 
verwahrt wird, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Fiscal Agent und 
Zahlstelle: 
[Name und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des/der 
Kanadischen Fiscal Agent und Zahlstelle]] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zum 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungs-
betrag 
zurückzuzahlen 
oder im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, deren 
festgelegte 
Währung Renminbi 
ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Berechnungsstelle: 
[Name und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle]]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 Der Fiscal Agent [,] [und] die Zahlstelle [und die Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit ihre bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n] durch eine andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
 
 (2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal Agents oder einer Zahlstelle [oder der 
Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent oder 
zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen [oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle] zu bestellen. 
Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt [(i)] einen Fiscal Agent unterhalten [Im Fall von 
Zahlungen in U.S. Dollar ist Folgendes anwendbar:, (ii) falls Zahlungen bei den oder 
durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
unten definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der 
entsprechenden Beträge in U.S. Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen 
werden, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City unterhalten] 
[Im Fall einer Dauerglobalurkunde, die von oder für CDS verwahrt wird, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: , (iii) eine(n) kanadische(n) Fiscal Agent und eine Zahlstelle 
mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in Toronto, Ontario unterhalten] [Falls eine 
Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und [(iv)] eine 
Berechnungsstelle unterhalten]. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche 
Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 13 vorab unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 Tage und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert 
wurden. Für die Zwecke dieser Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" 
die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des 
District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien und Hoheitsgebieten (einschließlich Puerto 
Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern 
Mariana Islands). 
 
 (3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent[,] [und] die Zahlstelle [und die 
Berechnungsstelle] handeln ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt 
oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen 
Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein solcher Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so wird 
die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die 
erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach diesem 
Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung 
zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern 
und Abgaben, die: 
 
 (a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
 (b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
 (c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung 
über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese 
Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
 (d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 wirksam wird. 
 
 Die seit dem 1. Januar 2009 in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland geltende 
Abgeltungssteuer und der darauf erhobene Solidaritätszuschlag sind keine Steuer oder 
sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge seitens der 
Emittentin zu zahlen wären.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen oder unter der Garantie zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder 
in den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung 
oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der 
oder in den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
Ist ein solcher Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so wird die Emittentin diejenigen 
zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit 
die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug 
jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
 (a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
 (b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zu den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland stammen oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden oder 
dort besichert sind; oder 
 
 (c) aufgrund der Anwendung des niederländischen Quellensteuergesetzes 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021) abgezogen oder einbehalten werden; oder 
(d) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung 
über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die 
Niederlande oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
 (e) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 wirksam wird. 
 
 Die seit dem 1. Januar 2009 in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland geltende 
Abgeltungssteuer und der darauf erhobene Solidaritätszuschlag sind keine Steuer oder 
sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge seitens der 
Emittentin zu zahlen wären.]

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibung zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
(etwaiger) bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 (a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 (b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer anderen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese Unterlassung länger als 30 Tage 
fortdauert, nachdem der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem 
Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
 
 (c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 2 Absatz (2) definiert) der Emittentin unter 
dem Debt Issuance Program (das "Programm") oder ein Schuldscheindarlehen (mit 
einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) der Emittentin vorzeitig 
zahlbar 
wird 
aufgrund 
einer 
Nicht- 
oder 
Schlechtleistung 
des 
dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
des 
Schuldscheindarlehens 
(mit 
einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) zugrunde liegenden Vertrages, 
oder die Emittentin einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im Gegenwert von 
mehr als EUR 200.000.000 aus einer ihrer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten oder einem 
ihrer Schuldscheindarlehen (mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem 
Jahr) oder aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie der Emittentin, die für die 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit unter dem Programm oder ein Schuldscheindarlehen 
(mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) Dritter gegeben wurde, 
nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei denn, die Emittentin bestreitet in gutem 
Glauben, dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist bzw. diese 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, oder falls eine für 
solche Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für die oder von den daraus 
berechtigten Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird; oder 
 
 (d) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit allgemein bekanntgibt oder ihre Zahlungen 
einstellt; oder 
 
 © ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, ein solches 
Verfahren eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt 
worden ist, oder die Emittentin ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt; oder 
 
 (f) die Emittentin ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz oder überwiegend einstellt, alle oder den 
wesentlichen Teil ihres Vermögens veräußert oder anderweitig abgibt und (i) dadurch 
den Wert ihres Vermögens wesentlich vermindert und (ii) es dadurch wahrscheinlich 
wird, dass die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern 
nicht mehr erfüllen kann; oder 
 
 (g) die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang mit 
einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit einer 
anderen Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang mit einer Umwandlung und diese 
Gesellschaft übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im Zusammenhang 
mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist. 
 
 Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 (2) Quorum. In den Fällen des Absatz (1)(b) und/oder (1)(c) wird eine Kündigung, sofern 
nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in Absatz (1)(a) und (1)(d) bis (g) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei dem Fiscal Agent 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
1/10 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
 
 (3) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß Absatz (1) ist schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent zu erklären und persönlich oder per Einschreiben 
an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln.]  
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibung zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
(etwaiger) bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 (a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 (b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer anderen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen oder die Garantin die Erfüllung einer Verpflichtung aus der 
Garantie unterlässt und diese Unterlassung länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, nachdem 
der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; 
oder 
 
 (c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 2 Absatz (2) definiert) der Emittentin oder 
Garantin unter dem Debt Issuance Program (das "Programm") oder ein 
Schuldscheindarlehen (mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) 
der Emittentin oder der Garantin vorzeitig zahlbar wird aufgrund einer Nicht- oder 
Schlechtleistung 
des 
dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
des 
Schuldscheindarlehens zugrunde liegenden Vertrages, oder die Emittentin oder die 
Garantin einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im Gegenwert von mehr als 
EUR 200.000.000 aus einer ihrer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten oder einem ihrer 
Schuldscheindarlehen oder aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie der Emittentin 
oder Garantin, die für die Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit unter dem Programm oder ein 
Schuldscheindarlehen Dritter gegeben wurde, nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 
Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es 
sei denn, die Emittentin oder die Garantin bestreitet in gutem Glauben, dass diese 
Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft oder Garantie 
berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, oder falls eine für solche Verbindlichkeiten 
bestellte Sicherheit für die oder von den daraus berechtigten Gläubiger(n) in 
Anspruch genommen wird; oder 
 
 (d) die Emittentin oder die Garantin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit allgemein bekanntgibt 
oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt; oder 
 
 (e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin oder die Garantin eröffnet, 
ein solches Verfahren eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder 
ausgesetzt worden ist, oder die Emittentin oder die Garantin ein solches Verfahren 
einleitet oder beantragt oder die Emittentin ein "surseance van betaling" (im Sinne 
des niederländischen Insolvenzrechts) beantragt; oder 
 
 (f) die Emittentin oder die Garantin ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz oder überwiegend 
einstellt, alle oder den wesentlichen Teil ihres Vermögens veräußert oder anderweitig 
abgibt und (i) dadurch den Wert ihres Vermögens wesentlich vermindert und (ii) es 
dadurch wahrscheinlich wird, dass die Emittentin oder die Garantin ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern nicht mehr erfüllen kann; oder 
 
 (g) die Emittentin oder die Garantin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang mit 
einer Umwandlung und diese Gesellschaft übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die 
Emittentin oder die Garantin im Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen ist; oder 
 
 (h) die Garantie aus irgendeinem Grund nicht mehr wirksam und rechtlich bindend ist. 
 
 Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 (2) Quorum. In den Fällen des Absatz (1)(b) und/oder (1)(c) wird eine Kündigung, sofern 
nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in Absatz (1)(a) und (1)(d) bis (h) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei dem Fiscal Agent 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
1/10 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
 
 (3) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß Absatz (1) ist schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent zu erklären und persönlich oder per Einschreiben 
an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln.]  
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG  
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten 
definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass:] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger entweder die Garantin oder ein mit der Garantin 
verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin 
(die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass:] 
 
 (a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
 (b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten hat und 
berechtigt ist, an den Fiscal Agent die zur Erfüllung der Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der festgelegten Währung zu 
zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, 
erhobene Steuern oder andere Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
 
 (c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher 
Steuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger 
bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(d) 
sichergestellt ist, dass sich die Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus der Garantie 
und der Negativverpflichtung des Debt Issuance Programms der Emittentin (auf die 
die unten in § 11 aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen sinngemäß Anwendung finden) auch auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
der Nachfolgeschuldnerin erstrecken; und] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(d) 
sichergestellt ist, dass sich die Verpflichtungen der Garantin aus der Garantie 
und der Negativverpflichtung des Debt Issuance Programms der Emittentin auch auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen der Nachfolgeschuldnerin erstrecken; und] 
 
 (e) dem 
Fiscal 
Agent 
jeweils 
eine 
Bestätigung 
bezüglich 
der 
betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass die 
Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt 
wurden. 
 
 Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet "verbundenes Unternehmen" ein verbundenes 
Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
 
 (2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 13 bekannt zu machen.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 (3) Ermächtigung der Emittentin. Im Fall einer solchen Ersetzung ist die Emittentin 
ermächtigt, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefende Globalurkunde und diese 
Anleihebedingungen ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger in dem notwendigen Umfang zu 
ändern, um die sich aus der Ersetzung ergebenden Änderungen widerzuspiegeln. Eine 
entsprechend angepaßte, die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefende Globalurkunde und 
Anleihebedingungen werden beim Clearing System hinterlegt. 
 
 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER[, 
ÄNDERUNG DER GARANTIE] 
 
 (1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Gläubiger können entsprechend den 
Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, in 
der geänderten Fassung (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen 
Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen 
Gegenstand eine Änderung der Anleihebedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. 
Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluß der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für 
alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten Gläubiger 
stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
 (2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und 
die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen 
zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
 
 (3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der 
Emittentin im Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach § 18 und §§ 5 ff. SchVG 
oder einer Gläubigerversammlung nach §§ 5 ff. SchVG gefasst. 
 
 (4) Leitung der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von 
der Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung 
aufgefordert hat, von dem gemeinsamen Vertreter der Gläubiger geleitet. 
 
 (5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach Maßgabe 
des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 (6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
Falls kein 
gemeinsamer 
Vertreter in den 
Bedingungen 
bestellt wird, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluß zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
Bestellung des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters in den 
Bedingungen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [Gemeinsamer Vertreter]. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, 
dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz 
oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluß eingeräumt wurden. Er hat die 
Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von Rechten der 
Gläubiger 
ermächtigt 
ist, 
sind 
die 
einzelnen 
Gläubiger 
zur 
selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluß sieht 
dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
 
 (7) 
Verfahrensrechtliche 
Bestimmungen 
über 
Gläubigerbeschlüsse 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
(a) Frist, Anmeldung, Nachweis. 
(i) Die Gläubigerversammlung ist mindestens 14 Tage vor dem Tag der Versammlung 
einzuberufen. 
(ii) Sieht die Einberufung (die "Einberufung") vor, dass die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung oder die Ausübung der Stimmrechte davon abhängig ist, dass 
sich die Gläubiger vor der Versammlung anmelden, so tritt für die Berechnung der 
Einberufungsfrist an die Stelle des Tages der Versammlung der Tag, bis zu dessen 
Ablauf sich die Gläubiger vor der Versammlung anmelden müssen. Die Anmeldung 
muss unter der in der Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse 
spätestens am dritten Tag vor der Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
(iii) Die Einberufung kann vorsehen, wie die Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung nachzuweisen ist. Sofern die Einberufung nichts anderes 
bestimmt, berechtigt ein von einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden Beauftragten 
ausgestellter Stimmzettel seinen Inhaber zur Teilnahme an und zur Stimmabgabe in 
der Gläubigerversammlung. Der Stimmzettel kann vom Gläubiger bezogen werden, 
indem er mindestens sechs Tage vor der für die Gläubigerversammlung bestimmten 
Zeit (a) seine Schuldverschreibungen bei einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden 
Beauftragten oder gemäß einer Weisung dieses Beauftragten hinterlegt hat oder (b) 
seine Schuldverschreibungen bei einer Depotbank in Übereinstimmung mit deren 
Verfahrensregeln gesperrt sowie einen Nachweis über die Inhaberschaft und Sperrung 
der Schuldverschreibungen an den Beauftragten der Emittentin geliefert hat. Die 
Einberufung kann auch die Erbringung eines Identitätsnachweises der ein Stimmrecht 
ausübenden Person vorsehen. 
(b) Inhalt der Einberufung, Bekanntmachung. 
(i) In der Einberufung müssen die Firma, der Sitz der Emittentin, die Zeit und der Ort 
der Gläubigerversammlung sowie die Bedingungen angegeben werden, von denen die 
Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung des Stimmrechts 
abhängen, einschließlich der in Absatz (a)(ii) und (iii) genannten Voraussetzungen. 
(ii) Die Einberufung ist unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger sowie zusätzlich gemäß § 13 
öffentlich bekannt zu machen. Die Kosten der Bekanntmachung hat die Emittentin zu 
tragen. 
(iii) Von dem Tag an, an dem die Gläubigerversammlung einberufen wurde, bis zum 
Tag der Gläubigerversammlung wird die Emittentin auf ihrer Internetseite den 
Gläubigern die Einberufung und die exakten Bedingungen für die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung von Stimmrechten zur Verfügung stellen. 
(c) Auskunftspflicht, Abstimmung. 
(i) Die Emittentin hat jedem Gläubiger auf Verlangen in der Gläubigerversammlung 
Auskunft zu erteilen, soweit sie zur sachgemäßen Beurteilung eines Gegenstands der 
Tagesordnung oder eines Vorschlags zur Beschlussfassung erforderlich ist. 
(ii) Auf die Abgabe und die Auszählung der Stimmen sind die Vorschriften des 
Aktiengesetzes über die Abstimmung der Aktionäre in der Hauptversammlung 
entsprechend anzuwenden, soweit nicht in der Einberufung etwas anderes vorgesehen 
ist. 
(d) Bekanntmachung von Beschlüssen. 
(i) Die Emittentin hat die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger auf ihre Kosten in geeigneter Form 
öffentlich bekannt zu machen. Hat die Emittentin ihren Sitz in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, so sind die Beschlüsse unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger sowie zusätzlich 
gemäß § 13 zu veröffentlichen; die nach § 50 Absatz 1 des Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes 
vorgeschriebene Veröffentlichung ist jedoch ausreichend. 
(ii) Außerdem hat die Emittentin die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger sowie, wenn ein 
Gläubigerbeschluss die Anleihebedingungen ändert, den Wortlaut der ursprünglichen 
Anleihebedingungen vom Tag nach der Gläubigerversammlung an für die Dauer von 
mindestens einem Monat im Internet unter ihrer Adresse der Öffentlichkeit zugänglich 
zu machen. 
(e) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
In der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe ist der Zeitraum anzugeben, innerhalb dessen 
die Stimmen abgegeben werden können. Er beträgt mindestens 72 Stunden. Während 
des Abstimmungszeitraums können die Gläubiger ihre Stimme gegenüber dem 
Abstimmungsleiter in Textform abgeben. In der Aufforderung können auch andere 
Formen der Stimmabgabe vorgesehen werden. In der Aufforderung muss im Einzelnen 
angegeben werden, welche Voraussetzungen erfüllt sein müssen, damit die Stimmen 
gezählt werden. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(8) Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen finden sinngemäß auf die Bestimmungen der Garantie 
der BASF Anwendung.] 
 
 
§ 12 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG  
 
 (1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie 
mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
 (2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden. 
Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses Angebot allen 
Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
 (3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ 13 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die in der 
offiziellen Liste der 
Luxemburger 
Börse notiert 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) 
Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.luxse.com). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
 
 (2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Solange Schuldverschreibungen an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, findet Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit die Regeln der 
Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach 
Absatz (1) durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nicht 
an einer Börse 
notiert sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
 
[(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit 
dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § 14 Absatz [4] an den Fiscal Agent

--- Page 127 ---
127 
geschickt werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing System in der von 
dem Fiscal Agent und dem Clearing System dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen.  
 
 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG  
 
 (1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte 
und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
 
 (2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
von BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(3) Bestellung von Zustellungsbevollmächtigten. Für etwaige Rechtsstreitigkeiten vor 
deutschen Gerichten bestellt die Emittentin die BASF SE, Carl-Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 
Ludwigshafen 
am 
Rhein, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, 
zu 
ihrer 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.] 
 
 [(4)] Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist be-
rechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem 
der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu schützen 
oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er 
für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt 
eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des 
Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers des Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass 
eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing Systems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann 
jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere 
Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual 
zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
Falls die Anleihe-
bedingungen in 
deutscher Sprache 
mit einer 
Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
 
 
Falls die Anleihe-
bedingungen in 
englischer Sprache 
mit einer 
Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
 [Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.]

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
 
Falls die Anleihe-
bedingungen 
ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung 
 
 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
DEUTSCHSPRACHIGE FASSUNG 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN  
 
 (1) Währung; Stückelung. Diese Serie ("Serie") der Schuldverschreibungen (die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
der 
[BASF 
SE] 
[BASF 
Finance 
Europe 
N.V.] 
(["BASF"]["BASF Finance"] oder die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte Währung] (die 
"festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich 
§ 
1 
Absatz 
(4))] 
von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer 
Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
 
 (2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
durch eine 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde verbrieft 
sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar  
 [(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch eine Dauerglobal-
urkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Dauerglobal-
urkunde trägt die Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und ist von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
anfänglich durch 
eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar  
 [(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die 
"vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige Global-
urkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Stückelung, die 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft 
sind, 
ausgetauscht. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent oder 
in dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 (b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem Tag gegen die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Ein 
solcher Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. 
Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). Zinszahlungen auf 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde verbriefte Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst 
nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag 
nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese 
vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß diesem Absatz (b) dieses § 1 Absatz (3) 
auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde 
geliefert werden, dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 6 Absatz 
(2) definiert) geliefert werden.] 
 
 (4) Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibung verbrieft, wird von 
einem oder für ein Clearing Systems verwahrt. "Clearing System" bedeutet [Bei mehr 
als einem Clearing System ist Folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Neue Börsenstr. 1, 60487 Frankfurt am Main, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland, ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg, ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgien, ("Euroclear") (CBL und

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Euroclear jeweils ein 
"ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im  
 [Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind maßgeblicher Nachweis des Gesamtnennbetrages 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine für zu diesem 
Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag der so 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgebliche Bescheinigung des Inhalts des 
Registers des betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei jeder Tilgung oder einer Zinszahlung auf die durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die 
Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde entsprechend in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, und 
dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückgekauften 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird. 
 
 [Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Bei 
Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs entsprechend in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
 
 (5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG[, GARANTIE UND 
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER GARANTIN] 
 
 (1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig 
sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen 
ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
 
 (2) Negativverpflichtung. 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, 
keine gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten und keine 
Garantien oder andere Gewährleistungen dafür durch Grund- oder Mobiliarpfandrechte 
an ihrem Vermögen zu besichern, ohne jeweils die Gläubiger zur gleichen Zeit und im 
gleichen Rang an solchen Sicherheiten oder an solchen anderen Sicherheiten, die von 
einem internationalen angesehenen unabhängigen Wirtschaftsprüfer als gleichwertige 
Sicherheit anerkannt werden, teilnehmen zu lassen. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" bezeichnet jede Verbindlichkeit hinsichtlich der 
Rückzahlung aufgenommener Geldbeträge, die durch Schuldverschreibungen oder

--- Page 131 ---
131 
sonstige Wertpapiere mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr, die an 
einer Börse oder an einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können, verbrieft oder verkörpert ist. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
von BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(3) Garantie und Negativverpflichtung der Garantin. BASF (die "Garantin") hat die 
unbedingte und unwiderrufliche Garantie (die "Garantie") für die ordnungsgemäße und 
pünktliche 
Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen 
und 
sonstiger 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbarer Beträge übernommen. Die Garantin hat sich 
außerdem in einer Negativverpflichtung (die "Negativverpflichtung") verpflichtet, 
solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, 
keine gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie vorstehend 
definiert) und keine Garantien oder andere Gewährleistungen dafür durch Grund- oder 
Mobiliarpfandrechte an ihrem Vermögen zu besichern oder eine solche Besicherung zu 
diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger an derselben 
Sicherheit oder an solchen anderen Sicherheiten, die von einem internationalen 
angesehenen unabhängigen Wirtschaftsprüfer als gleichwertige Sicherheit anerkannt 
werden, im gleichen Rang und gleichem Verhältnis teilnehmen zu lassen. Die Garantie 
und die Negativverpflichtung stellen einen Vertrag zugunsten jedes Gläubigers als 
begünstigtem Dritten gemäß § 328 BGB dar, welcher das Recht jedes Gläubigers 
begründet, Erfüllung aus der Garantie und der Negativverpflichtung unmittelbar von der 
Garantin zu verlangen und die Garantie und die Negativverpflichtung unmittelbar gegen 
die Garantin durchzusetzen.] 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN  
 
 (1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren Gesamtnennbetrag ab dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und danach von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
 
 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet  
Im Fall von 
festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstagen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
[jeder [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage].] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
festgelegten 
Zinsperioden ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
  
[(soweit diese Anleihebedingungen keine abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) 
jeweils der Tag, der [Zahl] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem vorhergehenden 
Zinszahlungstag, oder im Fall des ersten Zinszahlungstages, nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn liegt.] 
 
 (c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist, so wird der Zinszahlungstag 
Im Fall der 
modifizierten 
folgender 
Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall der FRN-
Konvention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen 
und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag der jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des 
Monats, 
der 
[Zahl] 
Monate 
nach 
dem 
vorhergehenden 
anwendbaren 
Zinszahlungstag liegt.]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Im Fall der 
folgender 
Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nachfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben.] 
 
 (d) "Geschäftstag" bezeichnet 
Falls die 
festgelegte 
Währung nicht 
EUR ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken 
allgemein für Geschäfte in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] geöffnet sind und 
Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [relevantes Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln und an 
dem das Clearing System geöffnet ist, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln.] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
festgelegte 
Währung EUR ist, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) an dem das Clearing System 
sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche des vom Eurosystem betriebenen real-time gross 
settlement system oder dessen Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem ("T2") geöffnet sind, 
um Zahlungen abzuwickeln.]  
 
 
 
Falls der 
Angebotssatz für 
Einlagen in der 
festgelegten 
Währung EURIBOR 
ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) wird, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, durch die 
Berechnungsstelle bestimmt und ist der Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) 
[[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)]. Der anwendbare 
Referenzsatz ist der auf der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigte Satz. 
 
 "Referenzsatz" bezeichnet den Angebotssatz, (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum) für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die jeweilige Zinsperiode 
(EURIBOR). 
 
 "Zinsperiode" bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) 
bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
 
 "Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten T2 Geschäftstag vor Beginn der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. "T2-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem alle 
betroffenen Bereiche des vom Eurosystem betriebenen real-time gross settlement 
system oder dessen Nachfolger oder Ersatzsystem (T2) offen sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln. 
 
 [Die "Marge" beträgt [ ] % per annum.] 
 
 "Bildschirmseite" bedeutet Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder die jeweilige 
Nachfolgeseite, die vom selben System angezeigt wird oder aber von einem anderen 
System, das zum Vertreiber von Informationen zum Zwecke der Anzeigen von Sätzen 
oder Preisen ernannt wurde, die dem betreffenden Angebotssatz vergleichbar sind. 
 
 Sollte zu der genannten Zeit an dem betreffendne Zinsfestlegungstag die maßgebliche 
Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder kein Angebotssatz angezeigt werden, 
entspricht der Zinssatz an dem Zinsfestlegungstag dem Zinssatz, wie er auf der 
Bildschirmseite an dem letzten Tag vor dem Zinsfestlegungstag angezeigt worden ist, 
an dem ein solcher Zinssatz auf der Bildschirmseite angezeigt wurde [[zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] der Marge (wie vorstehend definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.] 
 
 (3) Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, 
an dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Zinsbetrag in Bezug auf die festgelegte Stückelung (der "Zinsbetrag") für die 
entsprechende Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der 
Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (für Zinsberechnungszeiträume abweichend von 
einem Jahr und wie nachstehend definiert) auf die festgelegte Stückelung angewendet 
werden, wobei der resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste Einheit der festgelegten 
Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
 
 (4) Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, 
dass der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode

--- Page 133 ---
133 
und 
der 
betreffende 
Zinszahlungstag 
der 
Emittentin 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: und der Garantin] sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § 13 baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die Berechnung jeweils folgenden [T2] 
[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] Geschäftstag (wie in § 3 Absatz (2) definiert) sowie 
jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert 
sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst nach der 
Bestimmung, aber keinesfalls später als am ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können 
der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne Vorankündigung nachträglich 
geändert (oder andere geeignete Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede 
solche Änderung wird umgehend allen Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, 
sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § 13 mitgeteilt. 
 
 (5) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, 
den Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend. 
 
 (6) Auflaufende Zinsen. Sollte die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht einlösen, endet die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen nicht am Fälligkeitstag, 
sondern erst mit der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen. Der jeweils 
geltende Zinssatz ist der gesetzlich festgelegte Satz für Verzugszinsen.(1) 
 
 (7) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung 
eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
Im Fall von 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/360 ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
 
 (8)(a) Ersatzrate. Stellt die Emittenin (in Abstimmung mit der Berechnungstelle) fest, 
dass vor oder an einem Zinsfestlegungstag ein Ersatzrate-Ereignis eingetreten ist, wird 
die Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle (i) die Ersatzrate, (ii) die etwaige Anpassungsspanne 
und (iii) die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen (wie jeweils in § 3(8)(b)(aa) bis (cc) und (hh) 
definiert) zur Bestimmung des Zinssatzes für die auf den Zinsfestlegungstag bezogene 
Zinsperiode und jede nachfolgende Zinsperiode (vorbehaltlich des nachfolgenden 
Eintretens etwaiger weiterer Ersatzrate-Ereignisse) festlegen und rechtzeitig die 
Emittentin, sofern relevant, und die Berechnungsstelle darüber informieren. Die 
Anleihebedingungen gelten mit Wirkung ab dem relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag 
(einschließlich) als durch die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen geändert (einschließlich einer 
etwaigen Änderung dieses Zinsfestlegungstags, falls die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen dies 
so bestimmen). Der Zinssatz ist dann die Ersatzrate (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
angepasst durch die etwaige Anpassungsspanne [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge 
(wie vorstehend definiert)]. 
 
 Die Emittentin wird den Gläubigern die Ersatzrate, die etwaige Anpassungsspanne und 
die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen unverzüglich nach einer solchen Festlegung gemäß § 13 
mitteilen. Darüber hinaus wird die Emittentin [das Clearing System] [die gemeinsame 
Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs] auffordern, die Anleihebedingungen zu 
ergänzen, 
um 
die 
Ersatzrate-Anpassungen 
wiederzugeben, 
indem 
sie 
der 
Globalurkunde die durch sie vorgelegten Dokumente in geeigneter Weise beifügt. 
 
 (b) Definitionen. 
 
(1) 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
(aa) "Ersatzrate-Ereignis" bezeichnet in Bezug auf den Referenzsatz eines der 
nachfolgenden Ereignisse: 
 
 
(i) 
der 
Referenzsatz 
wurde 
an 
zehn 
(10) 
aufeinanderfolgenden 
Geschäftstagen unmittelbar vor dem relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag nicht 
veröffentlicht; oder 
 
 
(ii) 
der Eintritt des durch die für den Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen Behörde öffentlich bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf 
Grundlage der öffentlichen Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, an 
dem der Referenzsatz den zugrundeliegenden Markt oder die zugrunde 
liegende wirtschaftliche Realität nicht mehr abbildet und von der für den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen 
Behörde 
keine 
Maßnahmen zur Behebung dieser Situation ergriffen wurden bzw. solche 
nicht erwartet werden; oder 
(iii) der Eintritt des durch den Administrator des Referenzsatzes öffentlich 
bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf Grundlage der öffentlichen 
Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, an dem der Administrator (x) 
damit beginnen wird, den Referenzsatz in geordneter Weise abzuwickeln 
oder (y) die Bereitstellung des Referenzsatzes dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit beendet hat oder beenden wird (wenn kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator ernannt worden ist, der die Veröffentlichung des 
Referenzsatzes fortsetzen wird); oder 
 
 
(iv) der Eintritt des durch die für den Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen Behörde, die Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung, einen 
Insolvenzbeauftragten mit Zuständigkeit über den Administrator des 
Referenzsatzes, die Abwicklungsbehörde mit Zuständigkeit über den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes, 
ein 
Gericht 
(rechtskräftige 
Entscheidung) oder eine Organisation mit ähnlicher insolvenz- oder 
abwicklungsrechtlicher Hoheit über den Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
(x) damit beginnen wird, den Referenzsatz in geordneter Weise 
abzuwickeln oder (y) öffentlich bekannt gegebenen Tages, an dem der 
Administrator des Referenzsatzes die Bereitstellung des Referenzsatzes 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit beendet hat oder beenden wird 
(wenn kein Nachfolgeadministrator ernannt worden ist, der die 
Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes fortsetzen wird); oder 
 
 
(v) der Eintritt des durch die für den Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen Behörde öffentlich bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf 
Grundlage der öffentlichen Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, von 
dem an die Nutzung des Referenzsatzes allgemein verboten ist; oder 
 
 
(vi) der Eintritt des durch den Administrator des Referenzsatzes öffentlich 
bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf Grundlage der öffentlichen 
Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, einer wesentlichen Änderung der 
Methode mittels derer der Referenzsatz festgelegt wird; oder 
 
 
(vii) die Veröffentlichung einer Mitteilung durch die Emittentin gemäß § 13(1), 
dass die Verwendung des Referenzsatzes zur Berechnung des 
Zinssatzes für die Emittentin, die Berechnungsstelle oder eine Zahlstelle 
rechtswidrig geworden ist; oder 
 
 
(viii) die Europäische Kommission oder die zuständige nationale Behörde eines 
Mitgliedstaats haben einen oder mehrere Ersatz-Referenzwerte für einen 
Referenzsatz gemäß Art. 23b(2) und Art. 23c(1) der Verordnung (EU) 
2016/1011 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 8. Juni 2016 
über Indizes, die bei Finanzinstrumenten und Finanzkontrakten als 
Referenzwert 
oder 
zur 
Messung 
der 
Wertentwicklung 
eines 
Investmentfonds verwendet werden, in der geänderten Fassung, 
bestimmt. 
 
 
(bb) "Ersatzrate" bezeichnet eine öffentlich verfügbare Austausch-, Nachfolge-, 
Alternativ- oder andere Rate, welche entwickelt wurde, um durch 
Finanzinstrumente oder –kontrakte, einschließlich der Schuldverschreibungen, 
in Bezug genommen zu werden, um einen unter solchen Finanzinstrumenten

--- Page 135 ---
135 
oder –kontrakten zahlbaren Betrag zu bestimmen, einschließlich aber nicht 
ausschließlich eines Zinsbetrages. Bei der Festlegung der Ersatzrate sind die 
Relevanten Leitlinien (wie nachstehend definiert) zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 
(cc) "Anpassungsspanne" bezeichnet die Differenz (positiv oder negativ) oder eine 
Formel oder Methode zur Bestimmung einer solchen Differenz, welche nach 
Festlegung der Jeweiligen Festlegenden Stelle auf die Ersatzrate anzuwenden 
ist, um eine Verlagerung des wirtschaftlichen Wertes zwischen der Emittentin 
und den Gläubigern, die ohne diese Anpassung infolge der Ersetzung des 
Referenzsatzes durch die Ersatzrate entstehen würde (einschließlich aber nicht 
ausschließlich infolgedessen, dass die Ersatzrate eine risikofreie Rate ist), 
soweit sinnvollerweise möglich, zu reduzieren oder auszuschließen. Bei der 
Festlegung der Anpassungsspanne sind die Relevanten Leitlinien (wie 
nachstehend definiert) zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 
(dd) "Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle" bezeichnet 
 
 
(i) 
die Emittentin, wenn die Ersatzrate ihrer Meinung nach offensichtlich ist 
und als solches ohne vernünftigen Zweifel durch einen Investor, der 
hinsichtlich 
der 
jeweiligen 
Art 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
wie 
beispielsweise diese Schuldverschreibungen, sachkundig ist, bestimmbar 
ist; oder 
 
 
(ii) 
andernfalls ein Unabhängiger Berater (wie nachfolgend definiert), der von 
der Emittentin zu wirtschaftlich angemessenen Bedingungen unter 
zumutbaren Bemühungen als ihr Beauftragter für die Vornahme dieser 
Festlegungen ernannt wird. 
 
 
(ee) "Unabhängiger 
Berater" 
bezeichnet 
ein 
unabhängiges, 
international 
angesehenes Finanzinstitut oder einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater 
mit entsprechender Erfahrung im internationalen Kapitalmarkt. 
 
 
(ff) "Relevante Leitlinien" bezeichnet (i) jede auf die Emittentin oder die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbare gesetzliche oder aufsichtsrechtliche 
Anforderung, oder, wenn es keine gibt, (ii) jede anwendbare Anforderung, 
Empfehlung oder Leitlinie der Relevanten Nominierungsstelle oder, wenn es 
keine 
gibt, 
(iii) 
jede 
relevante 
Empfehlung 
oder 
Leitlinie 
von 
Branchenvereinigungen (einschließlich ISDA), oder wenn es keine gibt, (iv) 
jede relevante Marktpraxis. 
 
 
(gg) "Relevante Nominierungsstelle" bezeichnet 
 
 
(i) 
die Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung oder eine Zentralbank oder 
andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht über den Referenzsatz oder 
den Administrator des Referenzsatzes zuständig ist; oder 
 
 
(ii) 
die Europäische Kommission oder jede zuständige nationale Behörde 
eines Mitgliedstaates; oder 
(iii)  jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeder Ausschuss, befürwortet, unterstützt oder 
einberufen durch oder unter dem Vorsitz von bzw. mitgeleitet durch (w) die 
Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung, (x) eine Zentralbank oder andere 
Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht über den Referenzsatz oder den 
Administrator des Referenzsatzes zuständig ist, (y) einer Gruppe der 
zuvor genannten Zentralbanken oder anderen Aufsichtsbehörden oder (z) 
den Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial Stability Board) oder einem Teil davon. 
 
 
(hh) "Ersatzrate-Anpassungen" 
bezeichnet 
solche 
Anpassungen 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, die als folgerichtig festgelegt werden, um die Funktion der 
Ersatzrate zu ermöglichen (wovon unter anderem Anpassungen an der 
anwendbaren Geschäftstagekonvention, der Definition von Geschäftstag, am 
Zinsfestlegungstag, am Zinstagequotient oder jeder Methode oder Definition, 
um die Ersatzrate zu erhalten oder zu berechnen, erfasst sein können). Bei der 
Festlegung der Ersatzrate-Anpassungen sind die Relevanten Leitlinien (wie 
vorstehend definiert) zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 (c) Kündigung. Können eine Ersatzrate, eine etwaige Anpassungsspanne oder die 
Ersatzrate-Anpassungen nicht gemäß § 3(8)(a) und (b) bestimmt werden, ist der 
Referenzsatz in Bezug auf den relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag der für die zuletzt

--- Page 136 ---
136 
vorangehende Zinsperiode bestimmte Referenzsatz. Die Emittentin wird die 
Berechnungsstelle entsprechend informieren. Infolgedessen kann die Emittentin die 
Schuldverschreibungen an jedem Geschäftstag vor dem jeweiligen nachfolgenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag jederzeit insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 15 Tagen gemäß § 13 gegenüber den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig kündigen und zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum 
für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1) (a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden § 4(2) an das 
Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten. 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe von § 4(2) an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift 
auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems außerhalb der 
Vereinigten Staaten. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die 
vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von § 4(2) an das 
Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung 
gemäß § 1(3)(b). 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der "Code") 
beschrieben bzw. anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des Code auferlegt, 
etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder geschlossener Abkommen, 
etwaiger offizieller Auslegungen davon, oder von Gesetzen zur Umsetzung einer 
Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System 
oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) 
Zahltag. 
Fällt 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
einer 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der 
Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser 
Verspätung zu verlangen. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag, der ein Geschäftstag ist. 
 
 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und 
Zinsen. Die Emittentin [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von der BASF Finance begeben werden, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: bzw. die Garantin] ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht Frankfurt 
am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, Zins- oder Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die 
von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmeverzug 
befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme 
verzichtet wird, erlöschen die diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die 
Emittentin [im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von der BASF Finance 
begeben werden, ist folgendes anwendbar: bzw. die Garantin].

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
in 
den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat] 
fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht 
dem 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen gegenüber 
dem Fiscal Agent und gemäß § 13 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und 
zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder 
Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder 
der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese 
Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche 
dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz (1) definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
(wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung 
nicht durch das Ergreifen vernünftiger, der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender 
Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche zusätzlichen 
Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein 
würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem die Kündigungsmitteilung 
erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam 
ist. Der für die Rückzahlung festgelegte Termin muss ein Zinszahlungstag sein.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent und gemäß § 13 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig 
gekündigt und zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin oder 
die Garantin als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder 
Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder der 
Niederlande oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung 
dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird 
am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(wie in § 3 Absatz (1) definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser 
Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das 
Ergreifen vernünftiger, der Emittentin oder der Garantin zur Verfügung stehender 
Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin oder die Garantin verpflichtet wäre, 
solche 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
zu 
zahlen, 
falls 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, in dem die Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. Der für die Rückzahlung festgelegte 
Termin muss ein Zinszahlungstag sein.] 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 13 zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den 
für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründenden 
Umständen darlegt.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Falls die 
Gläubiger das 
Wahlrecht haben, 
die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig aufgrund 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
zu kündigen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar  
 
[(3) Kontrollwechsel. Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein und kommt es innerhalb des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums zu einer Absenkung des Ratings auf Grund des 
Kontrollwechsels (zusammen, ein "Rückzahlungsereignis"), hat jeder Gläubiger das 
Recht 
(sofern 
nicht 
die 
Emittentin, 
bevor 
die nachstehend 
beschriebene 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemacht wird, die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
nach § 5 Absatz (2) angezeigt hat), die Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Emittentin zum Nennbetrag, zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zinsen bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich), zu verlangen. 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
Bedeutet "Ratingagentur" jede Ratingagentur von S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P"), Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") und Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited 
("Fitch") oder eine ihrer jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaften oder jede andere von 
BASF von Zeit zu Zeit bestimmte Ratingagentur vergleichbaren internationalen 
Ansehens; 
Gilt eine "Absenkung des Ratings" in Bezug auf einen Kontrollwechsel als 
eingetreten, wenn innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein vorher für BASF oder 
die Schuldverschreibungen vergebenes Rating einer Ratingagentur (i) zurückgezogen 
oder (ii) von einem Investment Grade Rating (BBB- von S&P und Fitch/Baa3 von 
Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder besser) in ein non-Investment Grade Rating 
(BB+ von S&P und Fitch/Ba1 von Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder schlechter) 
geändert wird; 
Gilt ein "Kontrollwechsel" jedes Mal als eingetreten, wenn eine Person oder mehrere 
Personen (die "relevante(n) Person(en)"), die im Sinne von § 30 Absatz 2 des 
Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetzes (WpÜG) abgestimmt handeln, oder ein 
oder mehrere Dritte(r), die im Auftrag der relevanten Person(en) handeln, zu 
irgendeiner Zeit mittelbar oder unmittelbar (unabhängig davon, ob der Vorstand oder 
der Aufsichtsrat der BASF seine Zustimmung erteilt hat) eine solche Anzahl von Aktien 
der BASF hält bzw. halten oder erworben hat bzw. haben, auf die mehr als 50% der 
Stimmrechte entfallen; 
Ist der "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" der Zeitraum, der 120 Tage nach dem Eintritt eines 
Kontrollwechsels endet; und 
Ist der "Rückzahlungstag" der fünfzehnte Tag nach dem letzten Tag des 
Ausübungszeitraums. 
Sofort nachdem die Emittentin von einem Rückzahlungsereignis Kenntnis erlangt, wird 
sie den Gläubigern gemäß § 13 Mitteilung vom Rückzahlungsereignis machen (eine 
"Rückzahlungsmitteilung"), in der die Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses sowie 
das Verfahren für die Ausübung des in diesem § 5 Absatz (3) genannten Wahlrechts 
angegeben sind. 
Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger innerhalb eines Zeitraums von 45 
Tagen 
nachdem 
die 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung 
veröffentlicht 
ist 
(der 
"Ausübungszeitraum"), an die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent eine 
Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder in 
schriftlicher 
Form 
("Ausübungserklärung") 
zu 
schicken. 
Falls 
die 
Ausübungserklärung nach 17:00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit am 45. Tag nach Veröffentlichung 
der Rückzahlungsmitteilung eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die 
Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) 
den 
gesamten 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird und (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben). Für die 
Ausübungserklärung kann ein Formblatt, wie es bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen 
des Fiscal Agent in deutscher und englischer Sprache erhältlich ist und das weitere 
Hinweise enthält, verwendet werden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das 
Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt 
worden 
ist, 
erfolgt 
nur 
gegen 
Lieferung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldver-
 
[[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise am [Zahl] Jahre nach dem

--- Page 139 ---
139 
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zu 
festgelegten Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbeträ
gen (Call) 
zurückzuzahlen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
Verzinsungsbeginn folgenden Zinszahlungstag [Für den Fall, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen auch zu jedem darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
gekündigt werden können, ist folgendes anwendbar: und danach an jedem 
darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag] ([jeder ein] [der] "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call)") zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Call), wie nachstehend 
angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum jeweiligen Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Call) 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                      ] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                      ] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 13 bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
 
 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr 
als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf.  
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT, DIE ZAHLSTELLE UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE  
 
 (1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent, die 
anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle und die anfänglich bestellte Berechnungsstelle und deren 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten wie folgt: 
 
 Fiscal Agent 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 und Zahlstelle: 
Trust & Agency Services 
 
  
Taunusanlage 12 
 
  
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
  
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
 
 Berechnungsstelle: 
[Namen und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle] 
 
 Der Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle und die Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
 
 (2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal Agents oder einer Zahlstelle oder der 
Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent oder 
zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. 
Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt [(i)] einen Fiscal Agent unterhalten [Im Fall von 
Zahlungen in U.S. Dollar ist Folgendes anwendbar:, (ii) falls Zahlungen bei den oder 
durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie 
unten definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der 
entsprechenden Beträge in U.S. Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen 
werden, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City unterhalten] 
[,] [und] [(iii)] eine Berechnungsstelle unterhalten. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem

--- Page 140 ---
140 
eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 13 
vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 45 
Tagen informiert wurden. Für die Zwecke dieser Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet 
"Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien und 
Hoheitsgebieten (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 (3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt 
oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen 
Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein solcher Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so wird 
die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die 
erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach diesem 
Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung 
zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern 
und Abgaben, die: 
 
 (a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
 (b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden, oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
 (c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über 
deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Europäische 
Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, 
Verordnung 
oder 
Vereinbarung 
umsetzt 
oder 
befolgt, 
abzuziehen 
oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
 (d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 wirksam wird. 
 
 Die seit dem 1. Januar 2009 in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland geltende 
Abgeltungssteuer und der darauf erhobene Solidaritätszuschlag sind keine Steuer oder 
sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge seitens der 
Emittentin zu zahlen wären.] 
 
  
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen oder unter der Garantie zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder 
in den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung 
oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der 
oder in den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
Ist ein solcher Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so wird die Emittentin diejenigen

--- Page 141 ---
141 
zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit 
die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug 
jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlichen Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
 (a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
 (b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zu den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland stammen oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden, oder 
dort besichert sind; oder 
 
 (c) aufgrund der Anwendung des niederländischen Quellensteuergesetzes 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021) abgezogen oder einbehalten werden; oder 
(d) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend die 
Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über 
deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Niederlande 
oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die 
diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen 
oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
 (e) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 wirksam wird. 
 
 Die seit dem 1. Januar 2009 in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland geltende 
Abgeltungssteuer und der darauf erhobene Solidaritätszuschlag sind keine Steuer oder 
sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge seitens der 
Emittentin zu zahlen wären.] 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibung zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
(etwaiger) bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 (a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 (b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer anderen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese Unterlassung länger als 30 Tage 
fortdauert, nachdem der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem 
Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
 
 (c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 2 Absatz (2) definiert) der Emittentin unter 
dem Debt Issuance Program (das "Programm") oder ein Schuldscheindarlehen (mit 
einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) der Emittentin vorzeitig 
zahlbar 
wird 
aufgrund 
einer 
Nicht- 
oder 
Schlechtleistung 
des 
dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
des 
Schuldscheindarlehens 
(mit 
einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) zugrunde liegenden Vertrages, 
oder die Emittentin einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im Gegenwert von 
mehr als EUR 200.000.000 aus einer ihrer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten oder einem 
ihrer Schuldscheindarlehen (mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem

--- Page 142 ---
142 
Jahr) oder aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie der Emittentin, die für die 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit unter dem Programm oder ein Schuldscheindarlehen 
(mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) Dritter gegeben wurde, 
nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei denn, die Emittentin bestreitet in gutem 
Glauben, dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist bzw. diese 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, oder falls eine 
für solche Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für die oder von den daraus 
berechtigten Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird; oder 
 
 (d) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit allgemein bekanntgibt oder ihre Zahlungen 
einstellt; oder 
 
 (e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, ein solches 
Verfahren eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt 
worden ist, oder die Emittentin ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt; oder 
 
 (f) die Emittentin ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz oder überwiegend einstellt, alle oder den 
wesentlichen Teil ihres Vermögens veräußert oder anderweitig abgibt und (i) dadurch 
den Wert ihres Vermögens wesentlich vermindert und (ii) es dadurch wahrscheinlich 
wird, dass die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern 
nicht mehr erfüllen kann; oder 
 
 (g) die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang mit 
einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit einer 
anderen Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang mit einer Umwandlung und diese 
Gesellschaft übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im Zusammenhang 
mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist. 
 
 Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 (2) Quorum. In den Fällen des Absatz (1)(b) und/oder (1)(c) wird eine Kündigung, sofern 
nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in Absatz (1)(a) und (1)(d) bis (g) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei dem Fiscal Agent 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
1/10 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
 
 (3) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß Absatz (1) ist schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent zu erklären und persönlich oder per Einschreiben 
an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln.] 
 
  
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibung zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
(etwaiger) bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 (a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 (b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer anderen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen oder die Garantin die Erfüllung einer Verpflichtung aus der 
Garantie unterlässt und diese Unterlassung länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, nachdem 
der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger erhalten hat; 
oder 
 
 (c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 2 Absatz (2) definiert) der Emittentin oder 
Garantin unter dem Debt Issuance Program (das "Programm") oder ein 
Schuldscheindarlehen (mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) 
der Emittentin oder der Garantin vorzeitig zahlbar wird aufgrund einer Nicht- oder 
Schlechtleistung 
des 
dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
des 
Schuldscheindarlehens zugrunde liegenden Vertrages, oder die Emittentin oder die 
Garantin einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im Gegenwert von mehr als 
EUR 200.000.000 aus einer ihrer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten oder einem ihrer 
Schuldscheindarlehen oder aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie der Emittentin 
oder Garantin, die für die Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit unter dem Programm oder ein

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Schuldscheindarlehen Dritter gegeben wurde, nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 
Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es 
sei denn, die Emittentin oder die Garantin bestreitet in gutem Glauben, dass diese 
Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft oder Garantie 
berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, oder falls eine für solche Verbindlichkeiten 
bestellte Sicherheit für die oder von den daraus berechtigten Gläubiger(n) in 
Anspruch genommen wird; oder 
 
 (d) die Emittentin oder die Garantin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit allgemein bekanntgibt 
oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt; oder 
 
 (e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin oder die Garantin eröffnet, 
ein solches Verfahren eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder 
ausgesetzt worden ist, oder die Emittentin oder die Garantin ein solches Verfahren 
einleitet oder beantragt oder die Emittentin ein "surseance van betaling" (im Sinne 
des niederländischen Insolvenzrechts) beantragt; oder 
 
 (f) die Emittentin oder die Garantin ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz oder überwiegend 
einstellt, alle oder den wesentlichen Teil ihres Vermögens veräußert oder anderweitig 
abgibt und (i) dadurch den Wert ihres Vermögens wesentlich vermindert und (ii) es 
dadurch wahrscheinlich wird, dass die Emittentin oder die Garantin ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern nicht mehr erfüllen kann; oder 
 
 (g) die Emittentin oder die Garantin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang mit 
einer Umwandlung und diese Gesellschaft übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die 
Emittentin oder die Garantin im Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen ist; oder 
 
 (h) die Garantie aus irgendeinem Grund nicht mehr wirksam und rechtlich bindend ist. 
 
 Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 (2) Quorum. In den Fällen des Absatz (1)(b) und/oder (1)(c) wird eine Kündigung, sofern 
nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in Absatz (1)(a) und (1)(d) bis (h) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei dem Fiscal Agent 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
1/10 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
 
 (3) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß Absatz (1) ist schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent zu erklären und persönlich oder per Einschreiben 
an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln.]  
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG  
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten 
definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass:] 
 
  
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger entweder die Garantin oder ein mit der Garantin 
verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin 
(die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass:] 
 
 (a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt;

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 (b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten hat und 
berechtigt ist, an den Fiscal Agent die zur Erfüllung der Zahlungsverpflichtungen aus 
den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der festgelegten Währung zu 
zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, 
erhobene Steuern oder andere Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
 
 (c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher 
Steuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger 
bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(d) 
sichergestellt ist, dass sich die Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus der Garantie 
und der Negativverpflichtung des Debt Issuance Programms der Emittentin (auf die 
die unten in § 11 aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen sinngemäß Anwendung finden) auch auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
der Nachfolgeschuldnerin erstrecken; und] 
 
  
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(d) 
sichergestellt ist, dass sich die Verpflichtungen der Garantin aus der Garantie 
und der Negativverpflichtung des Debt Issuance Programms der Emittentin auch auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen der Nachfolgeschuldnerin erstrecken; und] 
 
 (e) dem 
Fiscal 
Agent 
jeweils 
eine 
Bestätigung 
bezüglich 
der 
betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass die 
Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt 
wurden. 
 
 Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet "verbundenes Unternehmen" ein verbundenes 
Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
 
 (2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 13 bekannt zu machen. 
 
 (3) Ermächtigung der Emittentin. Im Fall einer solchen Ersetzung ist die Emittentin 
ermächtigt, die die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefende Globalurkunde und diese 
Anleihebedingungen ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger in dem notwendigen Umfang zu 
ändern, um die sich aus der Ersetzung ergebenden Änderungen widerzuspiegeln. Eine 
entsprechend angepaßte, die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefende Globalurkunde und 
Anleihebedingungen werden beim Clearing System hinterlegt. 
 
 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER[, 
ÄNDERUNG DER GARANTIE] 
 
 (1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Gläubiger können entsprechend den 
Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, in 
der geänderten Fassung (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen 
Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG zugelassenen 
Gegenstand eine Änderung der Anleihebedingungen mit der Emittentin vereinbaren. 
Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger gleichermaßen 
verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluß der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche Bedingungen für 
alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die benachteiligten Gläubiger 
stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
 (2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und 
die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, bedürfen 
zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden 
Stimmrechte. 
 
 (3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der 
Emittentin im Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach § 18 und §§ 5 ff. SchVG 
oder einer Gläubigerversammlung nach §§ 5 ff. SchVG gefasst.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 (4) Leitung der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von 
der Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur Abstimmung 
aufgefordert hat, von dem gemeinsamen Vertreter der Gläubiger geleitet. 
 
 (5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach Maßgabe 
des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 (6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
Falls kein 
gemeinsamer 
Vertreter in den 
Bedingungen 
bestellt wird, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluß zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte einen 
gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
 
  
Im Fall der 
Bestellung des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters in den 
Bedingungen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Gemeinsamer Vertreter ist [Gemeinsamer Vertreter]. Die Haftung des gemeinsamen 
Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung beschränkt, es sei denn, 
dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch Gesetz 
oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluß eingeräumt wurden. Er hat die 
Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von Rechten der 
Gläubiger 
ermächtigt 
ist, 
sind 
die 
einzelnen 
Gläubiger 
zur 
selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluß sieht 
dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
 
 (7) 
Verfahrensrechtliche 
Bestimmungen 
über 
Gläubigerbeschlüsse 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung. 
(a) Frist, Anmeldung, Nachweis. 
(i) Die Gläubigerversammlung ist mindestens 14 Tage vor dem Tag der Versammlung 
einzuberufen. 
(ii) Sieht die Einberufung (die "Einberufung") vor, dass die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung oder die Ausübung der Stimmrechte davon abhängig ist, dass 
sich die Gläubiger vor der Versammlung anmelden, so tritt für die Berechnung der 
Einberufungsfrist an die Stelle des Tages der Versammlung der Tag, bis zu dessen 
Ablauf sich die Gläubiger vor der Versammlung anmelden müssen. Die Anmeldung 
muss unter der in der Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse 
spätestens am dritten Tag vor der Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
(iii) Die Einberufung kann vorsehen, wie die Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung nachzuweisen ist. Sofern die Einberufung nichts anderes 
bestimmt, berechtigt ein von einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden Beauftragten 
ausgestellter Stimmzettel seinen Inhaber zur Teilnahme an und zur Stimmabgabe in 
der Gläubigerversammlung. Der Stimmzettel kann vom Gläubiger bezogen werden, 
indem er mindestens sechs Tage vor der für die Gläubigerversammlung bestimmten 
Zeit (a) seine Schuldverschreibungen bei einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden 
Beauftragten oder gemäß einer Weisung dieses Beauftragten hinterlegt hat oder (b) 
seine Schuldverschreibungen bei einer Depotbank in Übereinstimmung mit deren 
Verfahrensregeln gesperrt sowie einen Nachweis über die Inhaberschaft und Sperrung 
der Schuldverschreibungen an den Beauftragten der Emittentin geliefert hat. Die 
Einberufung kann auch die Erbringung eines Identitätsnachweises der ein Stimmrecht 
ausübenden Person vorsehen. 
(b) Inhalt der Einberufung, Bekanntmachung. 
(i) In der Einberufung müssen die Firma, der Sitz der Emittentin, die Zeit und der Ort 
der Gläubigerversammlung sowie die Bedingungen angegeben werden, von denen die

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung des Stimmrechts 
abhängen, einschließlich der in Absatz (a)(ii) und (iii) genannten Voraussetzungen. 
(ii) Die Einberufung ist unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger sowie zusätzlich gemäß § 13 
öffentlich bekannt zu machen. Die Kosten der Bekanntmachung hat die Emittentin zu 
tragen. 
(iii) Von dem Tag an, an dem die Gläubigerversammlung einberufen wurde, bis zum 
Tag der Gläubigerversammlung wird die Emittentin auf ihrer Internetseite den 
Gläubigern die Einberufung und die exakten Bedingungen für die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung von Stimmrechten zur Verfügung stellen. 
(c) Auskunftspflicht, Abstimmung. 
(i) Die Emittentin hat jedem Gläubiger auf Verlangen in der Gläubigerversammlung 
Auskunft zu erteilen, soweit sie zur sachgemäßen Beurteilung eines Gegenstands der 
Tagesordnung oder eines Vorschlags zur Beschlussfassung erforderlich ist. 
(ii) Auf die Abgabe und die Auszählung der Stimmen sind die Vorschriften des 
Aktiengesetzes über die Abstimmung der Aktionäre in der Hauptversammlung 
entsprechend anzuwenden, soweit nicht in der Einberufung etwas anderes vorgesehen 
ist. 
(d) Bekanntmachung von Beschlüssen. 
(i) Die Emittentin hat die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger auf ihre Kosten in geeigneter Form 
öffentlich bekannt zu machen. Hat die Emittentin ihren Sitz in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, so sind die Beschlüsse unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger sowie zusätzlich 
gemäß § 13 zu veröffentlichen; die nach § 50 Absatz 1 des Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes 
vorgeschriebene Veröffentlichung ist jedoch ausreichend. 
(ii) Außerdem hat die Emittentin die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger sowie, wenn ein 
Gläubigerbeschluss die Anleihebedingungen ändert, den Wortlaut der ursprünglichen 
Anleihebedingungen vom Tag nach der Gläubigerversammlung an für die Dauer von 
mindestens einem Monat im Internet unter ihrer Adresse der Öffentlichkeit zugänglich 
zu machen. 
(e) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
In der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe ist der Zeitraum anzugeben, innerhalb dessen 
die Stimmen abgegeben werden können. Er beträgt mindestens 72 Stunden. Während 
des Abstimmungszeitraums können die Gläubiger ihre Stimme gegenüber dem 
Abstimmungsleiter in Textform abgeben. In der Aufforderung können auch andere 
Formen der Stimmabgabe vorgesehen werden. In der Aufforderung muss im Einzelnen 
angegeben werden, welche Voraussetzungen erfüllt sein müssen, damit die Stimmen 
gezählt werden. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(8) Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen finden sinngemäß auf die Bestimmungen der Garantie 
der BASF Anwendung.] 
 
 
§ 12 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG  
 
 (1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass sie 
mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
 (2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin erworbenen 
Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehalten, 
weiterverkauft oder bei dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung eingereicht werden.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses Angebot allen 
Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
 (3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ 13 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die in der 
offiziellen Liste der 
Luxemburger 
Börse notiert 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.luxse.com). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
 
 (2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Solange Schuldverschreibungen an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, findet Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit die Mitteilung 
den Zinssatz betrifft oder die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies sonst zulassen, kann 
die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
 
  
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nicht 
an einer Börse 
notiert sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
 
[(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit 
dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § 14 Absatz [4] an den Fiscal Agent 
geschickt werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing System in der von 
dem Fiscal Agent und dem Clearing System dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
 
 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 (1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die Rechte 
und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
 
 (2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
von BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(3) Bestellung von Zustellungsbevollmächtigten. Für etwaige Rechtsstreitigkeiten vor 
deutschen Gerichten bestellt die Emittentin die BASF SE, Carl-Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 
Ludwigshafen 
am 
Rhein, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, 
zu 
ihrer 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.] 
 
 [(4)] Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist be-
rechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem 
der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu schützen 
oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der er 
für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben hat, 
die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) er legt 
eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde 
vor, deren Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine vertretungsberechtigte Person des 
Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers des Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass 
eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes 
Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und 
bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen 
unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing Systems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann 
jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere 
Weise schützen oder geltend machen, die im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual 
zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
Falls die Anleihe-
bedingungen in 
deutscher Sprache 
mit einer 
Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
  
Falls die Anleihe-
bedingungen in 
englischer Sprache 
mit einer 
Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
  
Falls die Anleihe-
bedingungen 
ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 149 ---
149 
GARANTIE 
 
der 
 
BASF SE, Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, zu Gunsten der Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen (die "Schuldverschreibungen"), die von der 
BASF Finance Europe N.V., Arnhem, Niederlande, im Rahmen des EUR 20.000.000.000 
Debt Issuance Program (das "Programm") begeben werden 
PRÄAMBEL 
(A) Die BASF SE ("BASF") und die BASF Finance Europe N.V. ("BASF Finance") beabsichtigen, von Zeit 
zu Zeit Schuldverschreibungen im Rahmen des Programms zu begeben, deren jeweils ausstehender 
Gesamtnennbetrag das Programm-Limit nicht übersteigt. 
(B) Die Schuldverschreibungen unterliegen den Anleihebedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen nach 
deutschem Recht (in der durch die anwendbaren Endgültigen Bedingungen jeweils geänderten, 
ergänzten oder modifizierten Fassung, die "Bedingungen"). 
(C) Die BASF SE (die "Garantin") beabsichtigt, mit dieser Garantie die Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen 
sowie von jeglichen sonstigen Beträgen zu garantieren, die aufgrund der von der BASF Finance zu 
irgendeiner Zeit im Rahmen des Programms begebenen Schuldverschreibungen zu leisten sind. 
HIERMIT WIRD FOLGENDES VEREINBART: 
1. Die Garantin übernimmt gegenüber den Gläubigern jeder einzelnen Schuldverschreibung (wobei dieser 
Begriff jede (vorläufige oder Dauer-) Globalurkunde, die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, einschließt), 
die jetzt oder später von der BASF Finance im Rahmen des Programms begeben wird, die unbedingte 
und unwiderrufliche Garantie für die ordnungsgemäße Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen sowie von jeglichen sonstigen Beträgen, die in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Bedingungen auf irgendeine Schuldverschreibung zahlbar sind, und zwar zu den in den Bedingungen 
bestimmten Fälligkeiten. 
2. Diese Garantie begründet eine unwiderrufliche, nicht nachrangige und (vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen 
in Ziffer 4 dieser Garantie) nicht besicherte Verpflichtung der Garantin, die mit allen sonstigen nicht 
nachrangigen und nicht besicherten Verpflichtungen der Garantin wenigstens im gleichen Rang steht 
(soweit nicht zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen entgegenstehen). 
3. Sämtliche auf diese Garantie zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund 
von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die 
von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung 
einer politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist gesetzlich 
vorgeschrieben. In diesem Fall wird die Garantin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen 
Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder 
Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher 
zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden Person oder sonst 
auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die BASF Finance oder die Garantin aus 
den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; 
oder 
 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Gläubigers zur Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend die Besteuerung 
von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an der 
die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer 
gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß den 
Bedingungen wirksam wird.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
4. Die Garantin verpflichtet sich gegenüber jedem Gläubiger, solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, 
jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur 
Verfügung gestellt worden sind, keine gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
und keine Garantien oder andere Gewährleistungen dafür durch Grund- oder Mobiliarpfandrechte an 
ihrem Vermögen zu besichern, oder eine solche Besicherung zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, 
ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger an derselben Sicherheit oder an solchen anderen Sicherheiten, die von 
einem internationalen angesehenen unabhängigen Wirtschaftsprüfer als gleichwertige Sicherheit 
anerkannt 
werden, 
im 
gleichen 
Rang 
und 
gleichem 
Verhältnis 
teilnehmen 
zu 
lassen. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" ist jede Verbindlichkeit hinsichtlich der Rückzahlung aufgenommener 
Geldbeträge, die durch Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige Wertpapiere mit einer ursprünglichen 
Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr, die an einer Börse oder an einem anderen anerkannten 
Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder gehandelt werden oder werden können, verbrieft oder verkörpert ist. 
5. Die Verpflichtungen der Garantin aus dieser Garantie (i) sind selbständig und unabhängig von den 
Verpflichtungen der BASF Finance aus den Schuldverschreibungen und (ii) bestehen ohne Rücksicht 
auf die Rechtmäßigkeit, Gültigkeit, Verbindlichkeit und Durchsetzbarkeit der Schuldverschreibungen. 
6. Die Verpflichtungen der Garantin aus dieser Garantie erstrecken sich, ohne dass eine weitere Handlung 
durchgeführt werden oder ein weiterer Umstand entstehen muss, auf solche Verpflichtungen jeglicher 
nicht mit der Garantin identischen neuen Emittentin, die infolge einer Schuldnerersetzung gemäß den 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Bedingungen in Bezug auf jedwede Schuldverschreibung entstehen. 
7. Diese Garantie erstreckt sich auf sämtliche Schuldverschreibungen, die am oder nach dem Datum 
dieser Garantie von der BASF Finance unter dem Programm begeben werden. 
8. Diese Garantie und alle hierin enthaltenen Vereinbarungen sind ein Vertrag zu Gunsten der Gläubiger 
der Schuldverschreibungen als begünstigte Dritte gemäß § 328 Abs. 1 BGB und begründen das Recht 
eines jeden Gläubigers, die Erfüllung der hierin eingegangenen Verpflichtungen unmittelbar von der 
Garantin zu fordern und diese Verpflichtungen unmittelbar gegenüber der Garantin durchzusetzen. 
 
Ein Gläubiger einer Schuldverschreibung kann im Falle der Nichterfüllung von Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Durchsetzung dieser Garantie unmittelbar gegen die Garantin Klage 
erheben, ohne dass zunächst ein Verfahren gegen die BASF Finance eingeleitet werden müßte. 
9. Die Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, mit der die hierin enthaltenen Vereinbarungen getroffen werden, 
handelt als Fiscal Agent nicht als Beauftragte, Treuhänderin oder in einer ähnlichen Eigenschaft für die 
Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. 
10. Die hierin verwendeten und nicht anders definierten Begriffe haben die ihnen in den Bedingungen 
zugewiesene Bedeutung. 
11. Die auf die Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findenden Bestimmungen über die Änderung der 
Anleihebedingungen und den Gemeinsamen Vertreter gelten sinngemäß auch für diese Garantie. 
12. Diese Garantie unterliegt dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
13. Diese Garantie ist in deutscher Sprache abgefasst und in die englische Sprache übersetzt. Die 
deutschsprachige Fassung ist verbindlich und allein maßgeblich. 
14. Das Original dieser Garantie wird der Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft ausgehändigt und von dieser 
verwahrt. 
15. Ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten gegen die Garantin aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit dieser Garantie ist Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
16. Jeder Gläubiger einer Schuldverschreibung kann in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Garantin und in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem er und die Garantin Partei sind, seine aus dieser Garantie hervorgehenden Rechte 
auf der Grundlage einer von einer vertretungsberechtigten Person der Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft beglaubigten Kopie dieser Garantie ohne Vorlage des Originals im eigenen Namen 
wahrnehmen und durchsetzen. 
[●] 2023 
BASF SE 
 
Wir akzeptieren die Bestimmungen der vorstehenden Garantie ohne Obligo, Gewährleistung oder Rückgriff 
auf uns. 
[●] 2023 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 151 ---
151 
GUARANTEE 
 
(English translation)  
of 
 
BASF SE, Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Federal Republic of Germany, 
for the benefit of the holders of notes (the "Notes"), issued by BASF Finance Europe N.V., 
Arnhem, The Netherlands, under the EUR 20,000,000,000 Debt Issuance 
Program (the "Program") 
WHEREAS: 
(A) BASF SE ("BASF") and BASF Finance Europe N.V. ("BASF Finance") intend to issue Notes under the 
Program from time to time, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of which will not exceed the 
Program Amount. 
(B) The Notes will be issued with Terms and Conditions under German law (as amended, supplemented or 
modified by the applicable Final Terms, the "Conditions"). 
(C) BASF SE (the "Guarantor") wishes to guarantee the due payment of principal and interest and any 
other amounts payable in respect of any and all Notes that may be issued by BASF Finance under the 
Program.  
IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS: 
(1) The Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the holder of each Note (which expression 
shall include any Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note representing Notes) (each a 
"Holder") issued by BASF Finance now or at any time hereafter under the Program, the due and 
punctual payment of the principal of, and interest on, the Notes and any other amounts which may be 
expressed to be payable under any Note, as and when the same shall become due, in accordance with 
the Conditions. 
(2) This Guarantee constitutes an irrevocable, unsecured (subject to paragraph (4) hereunder) and 
unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor and ranks pari passu with all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor outstanding from time to time, subject to 
any obligations preferred by law. 
(3) All amounts payable in respect of this Guarantee shall be made without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by way of 
withholding or deduction by or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law. In such event, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as 
shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders, after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on 
account of any taxes or duties which:  
 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding by BASF Finance or 
the Guarantor from payments of principal or interest made by it, or  
 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or business connection 
with the Federal Republic of Germany or another member state of the European Union and not merely 
by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation are deemed 
to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the Federal Republic of Germany, or  
 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation concerning 
the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which the Federal Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any 
provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty or understanding, or  
 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in accordance 
with the Conditions, whichever occurs later. 
(4) The Guarantor undertakes towards each Holder, so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, but 
only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal 
Agent, not to provide security upon any of its assets for any present or future Capital Market 
Indebtedness or any guarantees or other indemnities resulting therefrom, without at the same time

--- Page 152 ---
152 
having the Holders share equally and rateably in such security or such other security as shall be 
approved by an independent accounting firm of internationally recognized standing as being equivalent 
security. "Capital Market Indebtedness" means any obligation for the repayment of borrowed money 
which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes or other securities, with an original 
maturity of more than one year, which are, or are capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on 
a stock exchange or other recognized securities market. 
(5) The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee (i) shall be separate and independent from the 
obligations of BASF Finance under the Notes, and (ii) shall exist irrespective of the legality, validity and 
binding effect or enforceability of the Notes. 
(6) The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall, without any further act or thing being 
required to be done or to occur, extend to the obligations of any Substitute Debtor which is not the 
Guarantor arising in respect of any Note by virtue of a substitution pursuant to the Conditions. 
(7) This Guarantee is given in respect of any and all Notes which are or will be issued by BASF Finance 
under the Program on or after the date hereof. 
(8) This Agreement and all undertakings contained herein constitute a contract for the benefit of the Holders 
from time to time as third party beneficiaries pursuant to § 328 (1) BGB (German Civil Code)(1). They give 
rise to the right of each such Holder to require performance of the obligations undertaken herein directly 
from the Guarantor, and to enforce such obligations directly against the Guarantor. 
 
Any Holder has the right in case of non-performance of any payments on the Notes to enforce the 
Guarantee by filing a suit directly against the Guarantor without the need to take prior proceedings 
against BASF Finance. 
(9) Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft which accepted this Guarantee, in its capacity as Fiscal Agent does 
not act in a relationship of agency or trust, a fiduciary or in any other similar capacity for the Holders. 
(10) Terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning attributed to 
them in the Conditions. 
(11) The provisions regarding the Amendment of the Terms and Conditions and the Holders' Representative 
applicable to the Notes shall be applicable mutatis mutandis also to this Guarantee. 
(12) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, German law. 
(13) This Agreement is written in the German language and attached hereto is a non-binding English 
translation. 
(14) The original version of this Agreement shall be delivered to, and kept by, Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft. 
(15) Exclusive place of jurisdiction for all legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement 
against the Guarantor shall be Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. 
(16) On the basis of a copy of this Agreement certified as being a true copy by a duly authorized officer of 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft each Holder may protect and enforce in his own name his rights 
arising under this Agreement in any legal proceedings against the Guarantor or to which such Holder 
and the Guarantor are parties, without the need for production of this Agreement in such proceedings. 
[●], 2023 
BASF SE 
 
We accept the terms of the above Guarantee without recourse, warranty or liability. 
[●], 2023 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
(1) 
An English language translation of § 328 (1) BGB (German Civil Code) reads as follow: "A Contract may stipulate performance 
for the benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right directly to demand performance."

--- Page 153 ---
153 
(1)[MiFID II Product Governance – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,][and] professional clients [and retail clients], each as defined 
in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") [and [●]]; [EITHER(2): and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services] [OR(3): (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,][and] portfolio management[,][and] [non-advised sales] [and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, 
as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under MiFID II, as applicable](4).] 
 
( 5 )[UK MIFIR product governance / [Retail investors,] Professional investors and Eligible 
Counterparties target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is [retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), 
and] [only] eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the [EUWA] [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] ("UK MiFIR"); [EITHER(6) and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]] [OR( 7 ) (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the 
Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised 
sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under COBS, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable](8).] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
 
(1) 
To be included if parties have determined a target market. 
 
(2) 
Include for notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured 
deposits (ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines") (i.e. Notes the Terms and Conditions of which do not provide 
for a put and/or call right). 
 
 
(3) 
Include for notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for 
example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and 
appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to 
retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 
25(3) of MiFID II. 
 
 
(4) 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
 
. 
(5) 
To be included if parties have determined a target market and if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to 
 
UK MiFIR, i.e. there are UK MiFIR manufacturers. 
 
 
(6) 
Include for notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
 
 
(7) 
Include for notes that are ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
 
 
(8) 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.](9) 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.](10) 
 
(9) 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA and UK Retail Investors". 
 
(10) 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to 
 
UK Retail Investors".

--- Page 155 ---
155 
In case of Notes listed on the official list of and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms of Notes will be displayed on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Notes publicly offered in one or more member states of the 
European Economic Area other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of BASF 
Group (www.BASF.com). 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(MUSTER FÜR ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN)  
[Date] 
[Datum] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
[BASF SE][BASF Finance Europe N.V.] 
[Title of relevant Tranche of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen] 
Series No.: [    ] / Tranche No.: [    ] 
Serien Nr.: [    ] / Tranche Nr.: [    ]  
Issue Date: [    ](11) 
Tag der Begebung: [    ] 
issued pursuant to the EUR 20,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Program dated November 14, 2024 
of BASF SE and BASF Finance Europe N.V. 
begeben aufgrund des EUR 20.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Program vom 14. November 2024 
der BASF SE und BASF Finance Europe N.V. 
Important Notice 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in conjunction with Article 25(4) of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017, as amended, 
and must be read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus pertaining to the Program dated 
November 14, 2024 (the "Prospectus") [and the supplement(s) dated [⚫]]. The Prospectus and any 
supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) and on the website of BASF Group (www.BASF.com) and copies may be 
obtained from BASF SE, Carl-Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany. Full information is 
only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any supplement and these Final Terms. 
[A summary of the individual issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.](12) 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke von Artikel 8 Abs. 5 i.V.m. Artikel 25 Abs. 4 der 
Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, in der jeweils 
geänderten Fassung, abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Debt Issuance Program Prospekt vom 
14. November 2024 über das Programm (der "Prospekt") [und dem(den) Nachtrag (Nachträgen) dazu vom 
[⚫]] zu lesen. Der Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite 
der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com) und der Internetseite der BASF Gruppe (www.BASF.com) 
eingesehen werden. Kopien sind erhältlich unter BASF SE, Carl-Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 Ludwigshafen am 
Rhein, Deutschland. Um sämtliche Angaben zu erhalten, sind die Endgültigen Bedingungen, der Prospekt 
und etwaige Nachträge im Zusammenhang zu lesen. [Eine Zusammenfassung der einzelnen Emission der 
Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen angefügt.](12) 
 
 
(11)  The Issue Date is the date of payment and issue of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery 
date. 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung 
ist der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
(12) Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Part I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Teil I.: ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including 
certain further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, 
insert:(13) 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die 
betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen:(13) 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") [and the [German] [English] language 
translation thereof,] are as set out below.  
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") [sowie die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[in the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I 
[A][B][C][D][E][F][G][H][I][J] including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant 
placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
[A][B][C][D][E][F][G][H][I][J] (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und 
betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including 
certain further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die durch 
Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply 
to Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus as 
[Option I [A][B][C][D][E][F][G][H][I][J] (14)] [Option II]. Capitalized terms shall have the meanings specified 
in the Terms and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet (die "Anleihebedingungen"), 
zu lesen, der als [Option I [A][B][C][D][E][F][G][H][I][J] (14)] [Option II] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, 
die in den Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
 
(13) To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions will be required 
where the Notes are to be publicly offered, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified 
investors. Delete all references to B. Part I of the Final Terms including numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs of the 
Terms and Conditions. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der Bedingungen 
erforderlich ist, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht qualifizierte Anleger verkauft 
oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf B. Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich der 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen entfernen. 
(14) In case of an increase of an issue of Notes which were originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Tranches have to be identical in all respects, but may have different issue dates, interest commencement 
dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments. 
Im Fall einer Aufstockung einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen, die ursprünglich vor dem Datum dieses Prospekts 
begeben wurden, müssen die Anleihebedingungen der Tranchen in jeder Hinsicht identisch sein, können aber 
unterschiedliche Begebungstage, Verzinsungsbeginne, Ausgabepreise und erste Zinszahlungstage haben.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to 
paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich 
auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be deemed 
to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the 
blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final 
Terms which are either not selected or not completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted 
from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions"). 
Die 
Leerstellen 
in 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, 
als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt wären. Sämtliche 
Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, 
die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") gestrichen. 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency and Denomination 
Währung und Stückelung 
Specified Currency 
[        ] 
Festgelegte Währung 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[        ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[        ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
Specified Denomination(15) 
[        ] 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 Permanent Global Note (TEFRA C and/or Notes kept in custody by or on behalf of CDS) 
Dauerglobalurkunde (TEFRA C und/oder Schuldverschreibungen, die von oder für CDS 
verwahrt werden) 
 Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note (TEFRA D) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde (TEFRA D) 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 Clearstream Banking AG 
 Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 CDS & Co., as nominee for CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. 
CDS & Co., als Beauftragte für CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. 
Global Note(16) 
Globalurkunde 
 Classical Global Note 
 New Global Note 
 
(15) The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount 
in such other currency equivalent to at least EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes.  
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt EUR 1.000, bzw., falls die Schuldverschreibungen in einer 
anderen Währung als Euro begeben werden, einem Betrag in dieser anderen Währung, der zur Zeit der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen wenigstens dem Gegenwert von EUR 1.000 entspricht. 
(16)  Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
INTEREST (§ 3)  
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 Fixed Rate Notes (Option I [A][B][C][D][E][F][G][H][I][J] (17)) 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I [A][B][C][D][E][F][G][H][I][J]) 
 
 single Rate of Interest during term 
einheitlicher Zinssatz während der Laufzeit 
Rate of Interest 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz 
[        ]% per annum 
 
 
 
 
[ [   ] to [   ]] 
 
 
 
 
[ [   ] bis [   ]] 
 
 different Rates of Interest during term 
verschiedene Zinssätze während der Laufzeit 
from (and including) 
vom (einschließlich) 
[specified dates] 
[Daten] 
to (but excluding) 
bis (ausschließlich) 
[specified dates] 
[Daten] 
per cent. per annum 
% per annum 
[specified rates] 
[Zinssätze] 
Interest Commencement Date 
[        ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
[        ] 
Festzinstermin(e) 
First Interest Payment Date 
[        ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
 Initial Broken Amount per Specified Denomination 
[        ] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegter Stückelung 
 Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[        ] 
Festzinstermin, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
 Final Broken Amount per Specified Denomination 
[        ] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegter Stückelung 
 Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Commencement Date 
[        ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn  
 Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[        ] 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
 Specified Interest Period(s) 
[number] [weeks][months] 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n) 
[Zahl] [Wochen][Monate] 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte-Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
(17) 
Insert "A", "B", "C", "D", "E", "F", "G", "H", "I" or "J", as applicable, in the case of an increase of an issue of Notes which 
were originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus. 
"A", "B", "C", "D", "E", "F", "G", "H", "I" oder "J", soweit anwendbar, einfügen im Fall der Aufstockung einer Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die ursprünglich vor dem Datum dieses Prospekts begeben wurde.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[number] months 
FRN Konvention (Zeitraum angeben) 
[Zahl] Monate 
 Following Business Day Convention 
Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
 Relevant financial centre(s) 
[        ] 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
 T2 
T2 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 EURIBOR 
EURIBOR 
Margin 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
Marge 
[        ] % per annum 
 plus 
Plus 
 minus 
Minus 
Day Count Fraction(18) 
Zinstagequotient 
 Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) 
 annual interest payment (excluding the case of short or long coupons) 
jährliche Zinszahlung (ausschließlich des Falls von kurzen oder langen Kupons) 
 annual interest payment (including the case of short coupons) 
jährliche Zinszahlung (einschließlich des Falls von kurzen Kupons) 
 two or more constant interest periods within an interest year (including the case of short coupons) 
zwei oder mehr gleichbleibende Zinsperioden (einschließlich des Falls von kurzen Kupons) 
 calculation period is longer than one reference period (long coupon) 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum ist länger als eine Bezugsperiode (langer Kupon) 
 reference period 
Bezugsperiode 
Deemed Interest Payment Date 
[        ] 
Fiktiver Zinszahlungstag 
 Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 Actual/360 
 30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis 
 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
PAYMENTS (§ 4)(19) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
Payment Business Day 
Zahlungstag 
 
(18) 
Complete for all Notes. 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(19) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 Relevant financial centre(s) 
[        ] 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
 T2 
T2 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 Maturity Date(20) 
[        ] 
Fälligkeitstag 
 Redemption Month(21) 
[        ] 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
Early Redemption 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Specified Call Redemption Amount(s)(22) 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zu festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungs- 
betrag/-beträgen (Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
 Specified Call Redemption Date(s)  
festgelegte Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[        ] 
 Specified Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[        ] 
festgelegte Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Early Redemption Amount(23) 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Specified Call Redemption Amount(24) 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zu festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen 
(Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
 Interest payment date [number] years after the Interest Commencement Date 
and each Interest Payment Date thereafter 
Zinszahlungstag [Zahl] Jahre nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn und an jedem  
darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder at Specified Put Redemption Amount(s)(25) 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers zu festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungs- 
betrag/-beträgen (Put) 
[Ja/Nein] 
 Put Redemption Date(s) 
[        ] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
 Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[        ] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
 
(20) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(21) 
Complete for floating rate Notes. 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(22) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(23) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(24) 
Complete for floating rate Notes. 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(25) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity(26) [Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin wegen Fehlender Konvertierbarkeit, 
[Ja/Nein] 
Fehlender Übertragbarkeit oder Illiquidität 
Purchase; Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer for Reason of Minimal 
Outstanding Amount 
[Yes/No] 
Rückkauf; Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei 
geringem ausstehendem Nennbetrag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon publication of a Transaction Trigger Notice(27) [Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin nach Veröffentlichung einer  
[Ja/Nein] 
Transaktions-Mitteilung 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount 
[  ] 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Transaction Trigger Event Period 
from [issue date] to [date end of period] 
Transaktionsauslösende Ereignisfrist  
vom [Begebungstag] bis zum [Datum Ende des Zeitraums] 
Description of transaction in respect of which the Notes are issued for  
 
refinancing purposes or in relation to which the occurence of a 
Transaction Trigger Event shall give rise to the redemption right 
[specify details] 
Beschreibung der Transaktion bezüglich derer die 
 
Schuldverschreibungen zu Finanzierungszwecken begeben wurden oder 
in Bezug auf die das Eintreten eines Transaktionsauslösenden 
Ereignisses das Kündigungsrecht auslöst 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Transaction Trigger Event 
[specify details] 
Transaktionsauslösendes Ereignis 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Early Redemption Amount(28) 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 Higher of Final Redemption Amount and Present Value 
Rückzahlungsbetrag, oder falls höher, abgezinster Marktwert 
Comparable Benchmark Yield of corresponding  
plus [percentage] per cent. 
Vergleichbare Benchmark Rendite der entsprechenden  
zuzüglich [Prozentsatz]% 
 euro denominated benchmark debt security of the Federal Republic of Germany  
Euro-Referenz-Anleihe der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
 UK government Sterling denominated benchmark debt security issued by HM Treasury 
durch HM Treasury begebenen Sterling-Referenzanleihe des Vereinigten Königreichs 
 Swiss franc denominated benchmark federal bond of the Swiss Confederation 
Schweizer Franken-Referenz-Bundesanleihe der Schweizerischen Eidgenossenschaft 
 U.S. dollar denominated benchmark U.S. Treasury debt security 
Referenz-U.S. Staatsanleihe (US Treasury debt security) in U.S. Dollar 
THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] THE PAYING AGENT [AND THE CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 6) 
DER FISCAL AGENT[,] [UND] DIE ZAHLSTELLE [UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 6) 
Fiscal and Paying Agent 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft] [        ] 
Fiscal Agent und Zahlstelle 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft] [        ] 
Calculation Agent 
[Not applicable][        ] 
Berechnungsstelle 
[Nicht anwendbar][        ] 
 
(26) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen, die auf Renminbi lauten. 
(27) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(28) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE[, AMENDMENT 
OF THE GUARANTEE] (§ 11) 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER[, ÄNDERUNG DER 
GARANTIE] (§ 11) 
 Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed by Holders and not in the Terms and 
Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch Beschluss der Gläubiger und nicht in 
den Anleihebedingungen 
 Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Terms and Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den Anleihebedingungen 
Name and address of the Holders' Representative  
 
[specify details] 
Name und Anschrift des gemeinsamen Vertreters  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
NOTICES (§ 13) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 13) 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.luxse.com) 
 Clearing System 
Clearing System 
LANGUAGE OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS (§ 15)(29) 
SPRACHE DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN (§ 15) 
 German and English (German controlling) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 English and German (English controlling) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 English only 
Ausschließlich Englisch 
 German only(30) 
Ausschließlich Deutsch] 
 
(29) To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that, subject to any stock exchange or legal requirements 
applicable from time to time, and unless otherwise agreed, in the case of Notes in bearer form publicly offered, in whole or 
in part, in the Federal Republic of Germany, or distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal 
Republic of Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-
qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German language translation of the 
Conditions will be available at the principal office of BASF SE. 
 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es wird erwartet, dass vorbehaltlich geltender Börsen- oder anderer 
Bestimmungen und soweit nicht anders vereinbart, die deutsche Sprache für Inhaberschuldverschreibungen maßgeblich 
sein wird, die insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum Verkauf in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht 
qualifizierte Anleger in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland verkauft werden, wird. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen 
Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an nicht qualifizierte Anleger die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird 
eine deutschsprachige Übersetzung der Bedingungen bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der BASF SE erhältlich sein. 
(30) Use only in the case of Notes not publicly offered and/or not intended to be listed on any regulated market within the 
European Economic Area. 
Nur im Fall Schuldverschreibungen zu nutzen, die nicht öffentlich angeboten und nicht an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb 
des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden sollen.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
Part II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION(31) 
Teil II.: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
A. Essential information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, 
die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
 
 So far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer, except that certain Dealers and their  
affiliates may be customers of, and borrowers from the Issuer and  
its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have  
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or  
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for  
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin bestehen bei den an der Emission  
beteiligten Personen keine Interessen, die für das Angebot 
bedeutsam sind, außer, dass bestimmte Platzeure und mit ihnen 
verbundene Unternehmen Kunden von und Kreditnehmer der 
Emittentin und mit ihr verbundener Unternehmen sein können. 
Außerdem sind bestimmte Platzeure an Investment Banking- 
Transaktionen und/oder Commercial Banking-Transaktionen mit 
der Emittentin beteiligt, oder könnten sich in Zukunft daran beteiligen, 
und könnten im gewöhnlichen Geschäftsverkehr Dienstleistungen 
für die Emittentin und mit ihr verbundene Unternehmen erbringen. 
 Other interest (specify) 
[Specify details] 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds 
 
Gründe für das Angebot und Verwendung der Erträge 
 
Reasons for the offer to the public or for the admission to trading(32) 
[Specify details] 
Gründe für das öffentliche Angebot oder die Zulassung zum Handel 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Use of proceeds(33) 
[Specify details] 
Zweckbestimmung der Erlöse 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Estimated net proceeds(34) 
[        ] 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erlöse 
Estimated total expenses of the issue(35) 
[        ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission 
 
(31) There is no obligation to complete Part II. of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination 
of at least EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be listed on any regulated 
market within the European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II. der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung vollständig auszufüllen, sofern 
diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel 
zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin auszufüllen. 
(32) Not 
to 
be 
completed 
in 
case 
of 
Notes 
with 
a 
Specified 
Denomination 
of 
at 
least 
EUR 100,000. 
Nicht auszufüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
(33) See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus. If reasons for the offer or use of proceeds are different from general 
financing purposes of the BASF Group, include those reasons here. 
 
Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Prospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot oder die Verwendung der Erträge nicht 
in allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecken der BASF-Gruppe bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. 
(34) If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use, will need to split up and present in order of priority.  
Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach 
der Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen.  
(35) Not to be completed in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht auszufüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
B. Information concerning the securities to be offered /admitted to trading 
 
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden Wertpapiere 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
Common Code 
[        ] 
Common Code 
International Security Identification Number (ISIN) 
[        ] 
Internationale Wertpapier-Identifikationsummer (ISIN) 
German Securities Code 
[        ] 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
Any other securities number 
[        ] 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer 
Eurosystem eligibility(36) 
EZB-Fähigkeit 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes/No] 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden 
[Ja/Nein] 
[Note that the designation "yes" in the case of an NGN means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes in 
the case of an NGN may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "ja" im Fall einer NGN hier lediglich bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer 
verwahrt werden; es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen bei ihrer 
Begebung, zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit oder während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit als 
zulässige Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik oder für Innertageskredite des Eurosystems 
anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung ist abhängig davon, ob die Zulassungskriterien des 
Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
[Auch wenn die Bezeichnung mit Datum dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen "nein" lautet, sollten die 
Zulassungskriterien des Eurosystems sich zukünftig dergestalt ändern, dass die Schuldverschreibungen 
diese erfüllen können, könnten die Schuldverschreibungen im Fall einer NGN dann bei einem der ICSDs 
als gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt werden. Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass dies jedoch nicht 
notwendigerweise bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen dann zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während 
ihrer Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik oder für Innertageskredite des 
Eurosystems anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung ist abhängig davon, ob die 
Zulassungskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
 
(36)  Select "Yes" if the Notes are in NGN form and are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper or if the Notes 
are in CGN form and to be kept in custody by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. Select "No" if the Notes are in NGN form 
and are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper.  
"Ja" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und von einem ICSD als common safekeeper 
gehalten werden sollen oder falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben und von Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt gehalten werden sollen. "Nein" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und 
vom common service provider als common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility(37) 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
Details of historic [EURIBOR] rates  
and the future performance as well as their volatility  
can be obtained (not free of charge)  
by electronic means from 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01]][Not applicable] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen [EURIBOR] Sätzen 
und Informationen über künftige Wertentwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
können (nicht kostenfrei) 
auf elektronischem Weg abgerufen werden  
unter 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01]][Nicht anwendbar] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events  
[Not applicable][Please see 
that effect the [EURIBOR] rates 
§ 3 of the Terms and Conditions] 
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des Marktes oder  
[Nicht anwendbar][Bitte siehe 
der Abrechnung bewirken und die [EURIBOR] Sätze beeinflussen  
§ 3 der Anleihebedingungen] 
Yield to final maturity(38) 
[        ] per cent. 
Rendite bei Endfälligkeit 
[        ]% 
Representation of debt security holders including an identification 
of the organization representing the investors and provisions applying  
to such representation. Indication of the website where the public may have  
free access to the contracts relation to these forms of representation(39) 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die  
Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der für diese Vertretung  
geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe der Webseite, auf der die  
Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen regeln,  
kostenlos einsehen kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Resolutions, authorizations and approvals by virtue 
of which the Notes will be created 
[Specify details] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche die 
Grundlage für die Schaffung der Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
If different from the issuer, the identity and contact details of the offeror  
of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading,  
including the legal entity identifier (LEI), if any 
[Specify details] 
Sofern Anbieter und Emittent nicht identisch sind, Angabe der Identität,  
der Kontaktdaten des Anbieters der Schuldtitel  
und/oder der die Zulassung zum Handel beantragenden Person  
einschließlich der Rechtsträgerkennung (LEI), wenn vorhanden. 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C. 
Terms and conditions of the offer of Notes to the public(40) 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des öffentlichen Angebots  
von Schuldverschreibungen 
C.1 Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and actions required to apply  
for the offer 
[Not applicable] 
Bedingungen, Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen  
für die Antragstellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject  
[Specify details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
(37) Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer 
festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
(38) Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
(39) Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 11 of the Conditions. 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 11 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt. 
(40) Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Time period, including any possible amendments, 
during which the offer will be open and description of the application process 
[Specify details] 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – 
innerhalb derer das Angebot gilt und Beschreibung des Antragsverfahrens 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner  
for refunding amounts paid in excess by applicants 
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und  
der Art und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of the application (whether in  
number of notes or aggregate amount to invest)  
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung entweder in  
Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten zu  
investierenden Betrags) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method and time limits for paying up the notes and for delivery of the notes 
[Specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und ihre Lieferung 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public 
[Specify details] 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergebnisse des Angebots  
offen zu legen sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability  
of subscription rights and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised. 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, die Marktfähigkeit  
der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der nicht ausgeübten  
Zeichnungsrechte 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.2 
Plan of distribution and allotment(41) 
[Not applicable] 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren Zuteilung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
If the Offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or more  
countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for certain  
of these, indicate such tranche 
[Specify details] 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zweier oder mehrerer  
Länder und wurde/ wird eine bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte  
vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Tranche 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount allotted and 
an indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung gegenüber den Zeichnern über den  
zugeteilten Betrag und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor  
der Meldung möglich ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.3 
Pricing(42) 
[Not applicable] 
Kursfeststellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered 
[Specify details] 
Preis, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich  
angeboten werden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / purchaser 
[Specify details] 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt  
werden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
(41) Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen. 
(42) Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
C.4 
Placing and underwriting(43) 
Platzierung und Emission 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of  
single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the  
offeror, or the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place 
[        ] 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinator/der Koordinatoren des globalen  
Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots – sofern der Emittentin  
oder dem Anbieter bekannt – in den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots 
Method of distribution 
Vertriebsmethode 
 Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
Subscription Agreement 
Übernahmevertrag 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
[        ] 
Datum des Übernahmevertrages  
Material features of the Subscription Agreement 
[        ] 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages 
Management Details including form of commitment(44)  
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der Übernahme 
Dealer / Management Group (specify) 
[        ] 
Platzeur / Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
 Firm commitment 
[        ] 
Feste Zusage 
 No firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
[        ] 
Ohne feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
Commissions(45) 
Provisionen 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[        ] 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
Selling Concession (specify) 
[        ] 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors(46) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR- Privatanleger 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors(47) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an UK- Privatanleger 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
 
(43) Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen. 
(44) Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
(45) To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszuführen. 
(46) Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to PRIIPs Regulation and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA. 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen 
sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt im EWR erstellt wird. 
(47) Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to PRIIPs Regulation and no key information 
document will be prepared. 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen 
sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Stabilizing Dealer(s)/Manager(s) 
[None] [Specify details] 
Kursstabilisierende(r) Platzeur(e)/Manager 
[Keiner] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
D. Listing and admission to trading 
[Yes/No] 
 
Börsenzulassung und Notierungsaufnahme 
[Ja/Nein] 
 Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Geregelter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 Professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Professionelles Segment des Geregelten Marktes der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
Date of admission 
[        ] 
Datum der Zulassung 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading(48) 
[        ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
All regulated markets or third country markets, SME Growth Market or MTFs 
on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the same class of the notes  
to be offered to the public or admitted 
to trading are already admitted to trading(49)  
Angabe sämtlicher geregelter Märkte oder Märkte in Drittstaaten, 
KMU-Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, 
auf denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen 
der gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, die öffentlich angeboten oder zum Handel  
zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind 
 Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Geregelter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 Professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Professionelles Segment des Geregelten Marktes der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
Issue Price 
[        ] per cent. 
Ausgabepreis 
[        ]% 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and description 
of the main terms of their commitment 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen 
Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und 
Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, 
und Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der 
Zusagevereinbarung 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
(48) Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
(49) In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for Notes 
with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die 
ursprünglichen Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen 
mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
E. Additional Information 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
Rating(50) 
[        ] 
Rating 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Union and is registered or has 
applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of September 16, 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended, (the "CRA Regulation"). 
The 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
publishes 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) a list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following the 
adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall publish 
that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update.] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Union hat und gemäß 
Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. September 2009 
über Ratingagenturen, in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, (die "Ratingagentur-Verordnung") registriert ist 
oder die Registrierung beantragt hat. 
Die Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) ein Verzeichnis der nach der 
Ratingagentur-Verordnung registrierten Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf 
Werktagen nach Annahme eines Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-Verordnung 
aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt der 
Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der Aktualisierung.] 
[Listing and admission to trading:(51) 
Börsenzulassung und Notierungsaufnahme: 
The above Final Terms comprise the details required for admittance to trading and to list this issue of Notes 
(as from [insert Issue Date for the Notes]) pursuant to the EUR 20,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Program 
of BASF SE and BASF Finance Europe N.V. 
 
Die vorstehenden Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Angaben, die für die Zulassung und 
Notierungsaufnahme dieser Emission von Schuldverschreibungen gemäß dem EUR 20.000.000.000 Debt 
Issuance Program der BASF SE und der BASF Finance Europe N.V. (ab dem [Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen]) erforderlich sind.] 
F. Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for drawing 
up the Prospectus 
Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung des Emittenten oder der für die 
Erstellung des Prospekts zuständigen Person 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes  
by Dealers and/or further financial intermediaries can be made  
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere Weiterveräußerung  
oder endgültige Platzierung von Wertpapieren durch die Platzeure oder  
weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
[THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION 
INFORMATIONEN VON SEITEN DRITTER 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the 
omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has 
not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt 
Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind 
 
(50) Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis. Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has been previously published by the rating provider. 
 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt. Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des 
Ratings einfügen, wenn dieses unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde. 
(51) Include only in the version of the Final Terms which is submitted to the relevant stock exchange in the case of Notes to be 
listed on such stock exchange. 
 
Nur in derjenigen Fassung der Endgültigen Bedingungen einfügen, die der betreffenden Börse, bei der die 
Schuldverschreibungen zugelassen werden sollen, vorgelegt werden.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten 
Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten 
Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen 
nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit.] 
[BASF SE 
(as Issuer) 
(als Emittentin)] 
 
 
[BASF Finance Europe N.V. 
(as Issuer) 
(als Emittentin)]

--- Page 171 ---
171 
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS 
The Terms and Conditions pertaining to a certain issue of Notes provide that the Holders may agree to 
amendments or decide on other matters relating to the Notes by way of resolution to be passed in a meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) or by taking votes without a meeting. Any such resolution duly adopted by 
resolution of the Holders shall be binding on each Holder of the respective issue of Notes, irrespective of 
whether such Holder took part in the vote and whether such Holder voted in favor of or against such 
resolution. 
In addition to the provisions included in the Terms and Conditions of a particular issue of Notes, the rules 
regarding 
resolutions 
of 
Holders 
contained 
in 
the 
German 
Act 
on 
Debt 
Securities 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") are applicable. Under the SchVG, these 
rules are largely mandatory, although they permit in limited circumstances supplementary provisions set out 
in or incorporated into the Terms and Conditions. 
Resolutions of the Holders with respect to the Notes can be passed in a meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) 
in accordance with § 5 et seqq. SchVG or by way of a vote without a meeting pursuant to § 18 and § 9 et 
seqq. SchVG (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung). 
The following is a brief summary of some of the statutory rules regarding the convening and conduct of 
meetings of Holders and the taking of votes without meetings, the passing and publication of resolutions as 
well as their implementation and challenge before German courts. 
Rules regarding Holders' Meetings 
Meetings of Holders may be convened by the Issuer or the Holders' Representative, if any. Meetings of 
Holders must be convened if one or more Holders holding 5% or more of the outstanding Notes so require 
for specified reasons permitted by statute. 
Meetings may be convened not less than 14 days prior to the date of the meeting. The Terms and Conditions 
may provide that attendance and exercise of voting rights at the meeting may be made subject to prior 
registration of Holders. The Terms and Conditions will indicate what proof will be required for attendance 
and voting at the meeting. The place of the meeting in respect of a German issuer is the place of the issuer's 
registered office, provided, however, that where the relevant Notes are listed on a stock exchange within 
the European Union or the European Economic Area, the meeting may be held at the place of such stock 
exchange. 
The convening notice shall be made publicly available together with the agenda of the meeting setting out 
the proposals for resolution. 
Each Holder may be represented by proxy. A quorum exists if Holders' representing by value not less than 
50% of the outstanding Notes. If the quorum is not reached, a second meeting may be called at which no 
quorum will be required, provided that where a resolution may only be adopted by a qualified majority, a 
quorum requires the presence of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes. 
All resolutions adopted must be properly published. In the case of Notes represented by one or more Global 
Notes, resolutions which amend or supplement the Terms and Conditions have to be implemented by 
supplementing or amending the relevant Global Note(s). 
In insolvency proceedings instituted in Germany against an Issuer, a Holders' Representative, if appointed, 
is obliged and exclusively entitled to assert the Holders' rights under the Notes. Any resolutions passed by 
the Holders are subject to the provisions of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). 
If a resolution constitutes a breach of the statute or the Terms and Conditions, Holders may bring an action 
to set aside such resolution. Such action must be filed with the competent court within one month following 
the publication of the resolution. 
Specific Rules regarding Votes without Meeting 
In the case of resolutions to be passed by Holders without a meeting, the rules applicable to Holders' 
Meetings apply mutatis mutandis to any taking of votes by Holders without a meeting, subject to certain 
special provisions. The following summarizes such special rules. 
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person shall be (i) a 
notary public appointed by the Issuer, (ii) where a common representative of the Holders (the "Holders' 
Representative") has been appointed, the Holders' Representative if the vote was solicited by the Holders' 
Representative, or (iii) a person appointed by the competent court.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
The notice soliciting the Holders' votes shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. During such 
voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such notice 
shall also set out in detail the conditions to be met for the votes to be valid. 
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall ascertain each Holder's entitlement to cast a vote based 
on evidence provided by such Holder and shall prepare a list of the Holders entitled to vote. If it is established 
that no quorum exists, the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a meeting of the Holders. 
Within one year following the end of the voting period, each Holder participating in the vote may request a 
copy of the minutes of such vote and any annexes thereto from the Issuer. 
Each Holder participating in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within two weeks following 
the publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided upon by the person presiding over 
the taking of votes. If he remedies the objection, the person presiding over the taking of votes shall promptly 
publish the result. If the person presiding over the taking of votes does not remedy the objection, he shall 
promptly inform the objecting Holder in writing. 
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the vote and, if the court has convened a meeting, also the costs of such 
proceedings.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by BASF will be used for general corporate purposes unless 
stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by BASF Finance 
will only be lent to or invested in companies belonging to the same group of companies to which BASF 
Finance belongs. 
Green bonds 
The relevant Issuer may issue series of Notes under the Program for which the applicable Final Terms 
specify under "Use of Proceeds" that the Issuer intends to allocate an amount equivalent to the net proceeds 
from an offer of such Notes to finance and/or refinance in whole or in part new or existing projects and 
activities relating to sustainable products or projects with a clear benefit to environment and/or society. 
General 
BASF Group has established a Green Finance Framework (the "Framework") to give itself a methodology 
for the issuance of green financing instruments ("Green Bonds") and the intended allocation of its proceeds. 
The Framework aligns with the 2018 edition of the Green Bond Principles, administered by the International 
Capital Market Association ("ICMA GBP") as well as the LMA Green Loan Principles (GLP) 2018 edition, 
and follows its four core components: Use of Proceeds, Process for Project Evaluation and Selection, 
Management of Proceeds, and Reporting. It also follows the ICMA GBP's recommendation regarding an 
external review of the Framework, which has been conducted by ISS Corporate Solutions, Inc. The results 
are documented in a second-party opinion ("Second-Party Opinion"), which confirms that the Framework 
met the ICMA GBP at the time of its publication. 
None of the Framework or any other document related thereto including the Second-Party Opinion, any 
footnotes, links to the relevant Issuer's website and/or progress and impact assessment reports are, nor 
shall they be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus.  
The following summary information reflects the status of the Framework as of the date of this Prospectus. 
Investors should note that the Framework may be updated at any time, and that such updated Framework 
will then apply to any Green Bonds, newly issued or outstanding. The Framework, as updated from time to 
time, is available on the website of BASF (https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/creditor-relations/basf-
bonds/green-finance.html). 
Use of Proceeds 
BASF Group intends to allocate an amount equivalent to the proceeds from the issuance of Green Bonds 
to finance a portfolio (the "Eligible Green Project Portfolio") of new or existing assets as well as capital 
and operational expenditures relating to sustainable products or projects with a clear benefit to environment 
and/or society and being in line with the below requirements. In order to be eligible for inclusion in the Eligible 
Green Project Portfolio, the asset or expenditures must form part of at least one of the categories and criteria 
("Eligible Green Products/Project Categories") listed below.  
The Eligible Green Products/Project Categories identified in the Framework are described below and are 
mapped to the relevant categories provided by the ICMA GBP: 
(i) 
Eco-efficient and circular economy products, production technologies and processes, being 
- 
"Accelerator Solutions"1: Products and solutions, which provide for a substantial sustainability 
contribution in the value chain and have no negative impacts on any other relevant sustainability 
criteria based on BASF's Sustainable Solutions Steering ("TripleS") tool; and 
- 
"Carbon Management": BASF's global activities and long-term research and development 
program to reduce greenhouse gas emissions; and 
- 
"Electric vehicle battery materials and plants": Development, manufacturing, acquisition of low 
carbon transportation components, as for example battery materials; and 
 
1 
BASF updated its sustainability assessment method "TripleS", in order to further develop its product portfolio even more 
strongly in the direction of climate protection, resource efficiency and circular economy in the future and to meet the growing 
sustainability requirements in its markets with innovative solutions. BASF is currently re-evaluating all its approximately 
50,000 products on this basis. The aim is to have re-evaluated as many products as possible by the end of the 2023 and 
thus be able to derive the new KPI "Sustainable-Future Solutions" (sum of Pioneer and Contributor products): the sales of 
all Pioneer and Contributor products as a proportion of relevant sales. By 2030, more than 50% of BASF's sales relevant 
to TripleS are to be attributable to Sustainable-Future Solutions.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
- 
"Recycling: ChemCycling products and plants": Development of technologies that promote 
recycling of plastics, including research and development on new materials and additives that 
facilitate recycling processes as well as chemical recycling processes to create value out of waste. 
(ii) 
Renewable Energy, being the planning, construction, development and installation of renewable 
energy production and storage units. 
Process for Project Evaluation and Selection 
For assets and expenditures to form part of the Eligible Green Project Portfolio they are evaluated and 
selected based on compliance with the Eligible Green Products/Project Categories by the BASF 
Sustainability Committee formed by members of Corporate Treasury, Group Reporting & Performance 
Management, Corporate Sustainability and Investor Relations. 
Management of Proceeds 
BASF Group intends to allocate the net proceeds of each Green Bond to the Eligible Green Project Portfolio. 
Over time, BASF Group will strive to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Project Portfolio 
which matches or exceeds the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Green Bonds. 
Whilst any Green Bond net proceeds remain unallocated, BASF Group will hold and/or invest such balance, 
at its own discretion, in its treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash or other short term and liquid instruments or 
pay back a portion of its outstanding indebtedness. 
Reporting 
BASF Group will make and keep readily available reporting, covering the allocation of net proceeds to the 
Eligible Green Project Portfolio, including the balance of unallocated proceeds and the portion of financings 
of new and refinancings of existing projects, and, wherever feasible, reporting on the impact of the Eligible 
Green Project Portfolio, at least at the category level, depending on data availability. The reports will be 
available on the website of BASF (https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/creditor-relations/basf-
bonds/green-finance.html).  
Allocation reporting will take place in line with BASF Group's general annual reporting cycle until net 
proceeds of Green Bonds have been fully allocated.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
TAXATION WARNING 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE MEMBER STATE OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES, THE 
ISSUERS' AND/OR THE GUARANTOR'S COUNTRIES OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT 
ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE 
ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE 
PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE 
OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS APPLICABLE IN GERMANY, THE NETHERLANDS, THE 
GRAND DUCHY OF LUXEMBOURG, THE REPUBLIC OF IRELAND, THE REPUBLIC OF AUSTRIA AND 
EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO TAXATION.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have entered into an amended and restated dealer agreement dated November 14, 2024 (the 
"Dealer Agreement") as a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. 
1. General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or 
in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuers nor the Guarantor (if 
BASF Finance is the Issuer) nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
2. United States of America (the "United States") 
(a) Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer 
or sell, any Note constituting part of its allotment within the United States except in accordance with Rule 
903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. Accordingly, each Dealer further has represented and 
agreed that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will 
engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to a Note. 
(b) From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to make the 
representation set forth in Clause 4(1)(o)(i) of the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer (i) acknowledges that 
the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance 
with Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act; (ii) has represented and agreed that it has not offered and sold any Notes, and will 
not offer and sell any Notes, (x) as part of its distribution at any time and (y) otherwise until 40 days after 
the later of the commencement of the offering and closing date, only in accordance with Rule 903 of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act; and accordingly, (iii) has further represented and agreed that 
neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any 
directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) has also agreed that, at or prior to confirmation 
of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, 
fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903 (b)(2)(iii) (i) as part of its 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering 
and the closing date, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
(c) Terms used in this paragraph 2 have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
(d) Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual 
arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior 
written consent of the Issuer. 
(e) Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"), or in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation 
§ 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules"), (or any successor rules in substantially the same form as the C 
Rules or D Rules, as applicable, for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the C Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche of Notes, 
Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with 
their original issuance. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered sold or delivered 
and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes within the United States or its possessions 
in connection with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed in

--- Page 177 ---
177 
connection with the original issuance of Notes, that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, 
directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such Dealer or purchaser is within the United 
States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of Notes. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
In addition, in respect of Notes issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed that: 
 
(i) except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted 
period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or its territories and 
possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) such Dealer has not delivered and will not deliver 
within the United States or its territories and possessions definitive Notes that are sold during the 
restricted period; 
 
(ii) it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that such 
Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United 
States or its territories and possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D 
Rules; 
 
(iii) if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of 
resale in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes for its own account, 
it will only do so in accordance with the D Rules; and 
 
(iv) with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering or 
selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats and confirms the 
representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) on such affiliate's behalf or 
(y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations and 
agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii). 
 
Terms used in this paragraph (e) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
3. European Economic Area 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Member State"), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
that Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt 
Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that 
any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such

--- Page 178 ---
178 
Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer;  
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended. 
4. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("United Kingdom") 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct 
Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in 
accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) 
(EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed 
by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 179 ---
179 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes 
and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA")) received by it 
in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
5. Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Law"). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of 
Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan except only pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and any applicable laws, regulations and 
guidelines of Japan. 
6. Republic of Italy 
Unless specified in the relevant Final Terms that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in Italy, the offering of 
the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) 
pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor 
may copies of the Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic 
of Italy, except:  
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and any applicable 
provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial Services 
Act") and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or  
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Financial Services Act, Article 34-ter of CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and any other applicable 
Italian laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must:  
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time), Legislative Decree No. 385 of 
1 September 1993, as amended (the "Italian Banking Act"), and any other applicable laws and 
regulations; and

--- Page 180 ---
180 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to 
time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Investors should also note that, in connection with the subsequent distribution of the Notes (with a minimum 
denomination lower than € 100,000 or its equivalent in another currency) in the Republic of Italy, in 
accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption from the rules on public 
offerings applies under paragraph (a) or (b) above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary 
market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules 
provided under the Prospectus Regulation and the applicable Italian laws and regulations. Failure to comply 
with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the 
intermediary transferring the Notes for any damages suffered by investors. 
7. 
Switzerland 
Unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms,  
(a)  
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, that, subject to paragraph (b) below:  
(i)  
Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning 
of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018, as amended (the "FinSA") and will 
not be admitted to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland; 
(ii)  
neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes (x) constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to 
the FinSA or (y) has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body pursuant 
to article 52 of the FinSA; and 
(iii) 
neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor other offering or marketing material relating 
to any Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
(b)  
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, in respect of any Tranche of Notes to be issued, the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealers may agree that (x) such Notes may be publicly offered in Switzerland 
within the meaning of the FinSA and/or (y) an application will be made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer 
to admit such Notes to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland, provided that: 
(i) 
the Issuer is able to rely, and is relying, on an exemption from the requirement to prepare 
and publish a prospectus under the FinSA in connection with such public offer and/or 
application for admission to trading; 
(ii) 
in the case of any such public offer, the relevant Dealers have agreed to comply with any 
restrictions applicable to the offer and sale of such Notes that must be complied with in 
order for the Issuer to rely on such exemption; and 
(iii) 
the applicable Final Terms will specify that such Notes may publicly offered in Switzerland 
within the meaning of the FinSA and/or the trading venue in Switzerland to which an 
application will be made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to admit such Notes to trading 
thereon. 
8. 
Republic of Singapore ("Singapore") 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed,that it 
has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Prospectus and any other documents or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than:

--- Page 181 ---
181 
(1) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, 2001 of 
Singapore, as amended or modified from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA; or 
(2) 
to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
9. 
Canada 
 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any 
province or territory thereof. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered, 
sold or distributed and will not offer, sell or distribute any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to or for 
the benefit of any resident of Canada, other than in compliance with applicable securities laws and, without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Notes may be sold only to investors purchasing, or deemed to 
be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and that are permitted clients, 
as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements. Each Dealer has also represented, 
warranted and agreed that it has not and will not distribute or deliver this Prospectus, or any other offering 
material in connection with any offering of Notes, in Canada other than in compliance with applicable 
securities laws.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Application has been made to the Commission, which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the 
purpose of the Prospectus Regulation for its approval of this Prospectus.  
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
If not otherwise described in the relevant Final Terms, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be 
customers of, borrowers from or creditors of BASF, BASF Finance and its affiliates. In addition, certain 
Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for BASF, BASF Finance and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which 
BASF, BASF Finance and its affiliates operate, and for which such Dealers have received or may receive 
customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Certain of the Dealers may 
also have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Program, including (but not limited 
to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or a principal in 
order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or 
may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
Furthermore, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans and issuance of financial instruments linked to 
the financial instruments of the Issuers and/or the Issuers' affiliates) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuers or Issuers' affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of 
the Notes (subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuers consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions, which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Program. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Program. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. 
Authorization 
The Board of Executive Directors of BASF (Vorstand) has authorized the establishment of the Program by 
a resolution on August 21, 2007. Each issue of Notes under the Program has to be authorized by resolution 
of the board of executive directors of BASF. 
The Board of Managing Directors of BASF Finance has authorized the establishment of the Program by 
resolution on September 5, 2007. Each issue of Notes under the Program has to be authorized by resolution 
of the Board of Managing Directors of BASF Finance, which in turn has to be approved by a resolution of 
the general meeting of shareholders of BASF Finance. 
The increase of the program amount has been authorized by the Board of Executive Directors of BASF 
(Vorstand) by a resolution on August 14, 2009 and by the Board of Managing Directors of BASF Finance by 
a resolution on September 1, 2009. 
The increase of the program amount has been authorized by the Board of Executive Directors of BASF 
(Vorstand) by a resolution on July 15, 2014 and by the Board of Managing Directors of BASF Finance by a 
resolution on September 15, 2014. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Prospectus to 
be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Clearing Systems 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. These systems will comprise those operated by CBF, CBL, Euroclear and CDS. The 
appropriate German securities number ("WKN") (if any), Common Code and International Security 
Identification Number ("ISIN") for each Tranche of Notes allocated by CBF, CBL and Euroclear will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Documents Available 
The 
following 
documents 
are 
available 
in 
electronic 
form 
on 
the 
website 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors.html and copies of the following documents will, when published, 
also be available free of charge during normal business hours from the registered office of the relevant 
Issuer and from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent for the time being in Frankfurt am Main: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation where applicable) of each of the Issuers; 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of BASF Group in respect of the financial years 
ended 2023 and 2022 and the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of BASF Group for 
the nine months period ending September 30, 2024; 
(iii) the audited unconsolidated annual financial statements of BASF in respect of the financial years ended 
2023 and 2022; 
(iv) the audited annual financial statements of BASF Finance in respect of the financial years ended 2023 
and 2022 and the unaudited interim financial statements of BASF Finance for the half-year as of June 
30, 2024; 
(v) 
copies of this Prospectus, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 14, 2012, the Debt 
Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 11, 2013, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus 
dated September 16, 2014, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 12, 2016, the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 11, 2017, the Debt Issuance Program 
Prospectus dated September 11, 2018, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 13, 
2019, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 10, 2020, the First Supplement dated 
April 1, 2021 thereto, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 10, 2021, the Debt 
Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 9, 2022 and the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus 
dated September 12, 2023; 
(vi) any supplement to this Prospectus; 
(vii) the Guarantee. 
In the case of Notes listed on the official list of and admitted to trading on the regulated market or on the 
professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Notes publicly offered in one or more member states of the 
European Economic Area other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on 
the website of BASF group (www.BASF.com).

--- Page 184 ---
184 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The following documents which have been published or which are published simultaneously with this 
Prospectus and filed with the Commission shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Prospectus: 
(a) the published audited consolidated annual financial statements of BASF Group (English language 
version) dated December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2023, in each case including the auditor's report 
thereon; 
(b) the published audited financial statements 2023 of BASF Finance as well as the respective auditor's 
report thereon and its published audited financial statements 2022 as well as the respective auditor's 
report thereon; 
(c) the published unaudited selected financial data of BASF Group as of September 30, 2024 included in 
the Quarterly Statement Q3 2024 of BASF Group; 
(d) the published unaudited interim financial statements as of June 30, 2024, of BASF Finance; 
(e) sets of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the Debt Issuance Program 
Prospectus dated September 11, 2013, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 16, 
2014, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 12, 2016, the Debt Issuance Program 
Prospectus dated September 11, 2017, the Supplement dated October 30, 2017, the Debt Issuance 
Program Prospectus dated September 11, 2018, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated 
September 13, 2019, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 10, 2020, the 
Supplement dated April 1, 2021, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 10, 2021, the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 9, 2022 and the Debt Issuance Program 
Prospectus dated September 12, 2023. 
 
All 
of 
these 
documents 
are 
published 
and 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
BASF 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors.html. 
Cross-reference list of Documents incorporated by Reference 
 
Page 
Section of 
Prospectus 
Document incorporated by reference 
26-28; 
28-29 
BASF 
Group, 
Financial 
Information 
Financial Report 2023 of BASF Group 
(p. 219 – p. 233) 
 
Consolidated balance sheet (p. 229 – p. 230) 
 
Consolidated statement of income (p. 227) 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (p. 231) 
 
Notes (p. 234 – p. 315) 
 
Auditors' report (p. 221 – p. 226) 
https://report.basf.com/2023/en/_assets/downloads/entire-basf-
ar23.pdf?h=tI5JyxIJ 
 
 
Financial Report 2022 of BASF Group 
(p. 195 – p. 208) 
 
Consolidated balance sheet (p. 205 – p. 206) 
 
Consolidated statement of income (p. 203) 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (p. 207) 
 
Notes (p. 209 – p. 290) 
 
Auditors' report (p. 197 – p. 202) 
https://report.basf.com/2022/en/_assets/downloads/entire-basf-ar22.pdf

--- Page 185 ---
185 
Page 
Section of 
Prospectus 
Document incorporated by reference 
 
 
Selected Financial Data of BASF Group as of September 30, 2024, included in 
the Quarterly Statement Q3 2024 of BASF Group 
(p. 27 – p. 31) 
 
Balance Sheet (p. 28) 
 
Statement of Income (p. 27) 
 
Statement of Cash Flows (p. 29) 
 
Selected Key Figures Excluding Precious and Base Metals (p. 31) 
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:77670b98-4f80-4fb7-b793-
aaca6a2b2388/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/calendar-and-
publications/reports/2024/BASF_Quarterly-Statement_03-2024.pdf 
56-57 
BASF 
Finance, 
Financial 
Information 
Financial Report 2023 of BASF Finance 
 
Balance Sheet (p. 10) 
 
Profit & Loss Account (p. 11) 
 
Cash Flow Statement (p. 12) 
 
Notes (p. 13 – p. 27) 
 
Auditors' Report (p. 30 – p. 37) 
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:c1ae9210-53e4-3ab1-ad9e-
57673cd9b867/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/bonds/reports-basf-finance-europe-n-
v/BASF_Finance_Europe_NV_Annual-Report_2023.pdf 
 
 
Financial Report 2022 of BASF Finance 
 
Balance Sheet (p. 10) 
 
Profit & Loss Account (p. 11) 
 
Cash Flow Statement (p. 12) 
 
Notes (p. 13 – p. 28) 
 
Auditors' Report (p. 30 – p. 37) 
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:38df72ea-e029-3f62-a86d-
c0079f11d1b5/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/bonds/reports-basf-finance-europe-n-
v/BASF_Finance_Europe_NV_Annual-Report_2022.pdf 
 
 
 
 
Semi-Annual Report 2024 of BASF Finance 
 
Balance Sheet (p. 9) 
 
Profit & Loss Account (p. 10) 
 
Cash Flow Statement (p. 11) 
 
Notes (p. 12 – p. 25) 
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:710abb3f-568b-4182-a6ef-
d4ab060d2ca8/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/bonds/reports-basf-finance-europe-n-
v/BASF_Finance_Europe_NV_Semi-Annual-Report_2024.pdf 
59/101 
Sets of 
Terms and 
Conditions 
of the 
Notes 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 11, 2013 (p. 78 – p. 95 
(English language) and p. 112 – p. 132 (German language)) ("Option I A"); 
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:a2051358-7218-3606-bb07-
7b86b8aa3b28/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/financing-strategy/debt-issuance-
program/Base_Prospectus_BASF_DIP_2013.pdf 
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 16, 2014 (p. 78 – p. 98 
(English language) and p. 115 – p. 139 (German language)) ("Option I B"); 
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:ae8adfbb-ffae-3224-8f33-
2e134ae75335/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/financing-strategy/debt-issuance-
program/Base_Prospectus_BASF_DIP_2014.pdf

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Page 
Section of 
Prospectus 
Document incorporated by reference 
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 12, 2016 (p. 79 – p. 99 
(English language) and p. 116 – p. 140 (German language)) ("Option I C"); 
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:19a33dd7-85b5-3a2f-b2ef-
c89fb42d087e/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/financing-strategy/debt-issuance-
program/Base_Prospectus_BASF_DIP_2016.pdf 
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 11, 2017 (p. 79 – p. 99 
(English language) and p. 116 – p. 140 (German language)) ("Option I D"); 
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:393571f5-d816-3412-b41c-
2a9d44e99530/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/financing-strategy/debt-issuance-
program/Base_Prospectus_BASF_DIP_2017.pdf 
 
- 
"4. Supplemental information pertaining to the section TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION" (p. 9 and 10) 
and "5. Supplemental information pertaining to the section TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION" (p. 10 – p. 
11) contained in the First Supplement dated October 30, 2017; 
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:b52958de-2f95-3d60-80f1-
960b702e9a26/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/financing-strategy/debt-issuance-
program/First_Supplement_BASF_DIP_2017.pdf 
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 11, 2018 (p. 85 – p. 106 
(English language) and p. 124 – p. 148 (German language)) ("Option I E"); 
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:fc104812-bba7-3e10-af01-
8ee9a8e3c886/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/financing-strategy/debt-issuance-
program/Base_Prospectus_BASF_DIP_2018.pdf 
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 13, 2019 (p. 60 – p. 81 
(English language) and p. 101 – p. 125 (German language)) ("Option I F"). 
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:8c85afe7-10d1-3245-a043-
1eaea9a41da4/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/financing-strategy/debt-issuance-
program/Base_Prospectus_BASF_DIP_2019.pdf 
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 10, 2020 (p. 65 – p. 86 
(English language) and p. 106 – p. 130 (German language)) ("Option I G"). 
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:9d7cedd7-3591-31f9-9b49-
42bc6727d69e/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/financing-strategy/debt-issuance-
program/Base_Prospectus_BASF_DIP_2020.pdf 
 
- 
"III. Replacement information pertaining to the section "TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES (ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION)" (p. 14 – 15) 
and and "IV. Replacement information pertaining to the section "TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES (GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION)" (p. 16 – 17) 
contained in the First Supplement dated April 1, 2021  
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:562f3058-7794-35e7-b388-
3c415a99d5e7/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/financing-strategy/debt-issuance-
program/First_Supplement_BASF_DIP_2020.pdf

--- Page 187 ---
187 
Page 
Section of 
Prospectus 
Document incorporated by reference 
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 10, 2021 (p. 63 – p. 86 
(English language) and p. 108 – p. 133 (German language)) ("Option I H") 
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:e3b5bc76-3d61-3c3c-b8b8-
3a960cfb937f/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/financing-strategy/debt-issuance-
program/Base_Prospectus_BASF_DIP_2021.pdf 
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 9, 2022 (p. 65 – p. 88 
(English language) and p. 108 – p. 133 (German language)) ("Option I I"). 
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:061e8e28-34bb-3238-b39e-
b150e6d128bc/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/financing-strategy/debt-issuance-
program/Base_Prospectus_BASF_DIP_2022.pdf 
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 12, 2023 (p. 58 – p. 80 
(English language) and p. 100 – p. 125 (German language)) ("Option I J"). 
https://www.basf.com/dam/jcr:5464ea49-16eb-3578-989f-
2210dfcc7d44/basf/www/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/financing-strategy/debt-issuance-
program/Base_Prospectus_BASF_DIP_2023.pdf 
Any information contained in the documents referred to above which is not listed in the cross-reference list 
above and, therefore not incorporated by reference, is either not relevant for investors of the Notes or 
covered elsewhere in the Prospectus.  
All 
of 
these 
documents 
are 
published 
and 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
BASF 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors.html. 
Availability of Documents 
Any document incorporated herein by reference can be obtained without charge at the offices of BASF and 
BASF Finance as set out at the end of this Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available free of 
charge from the principal office in Luxembourg of the Listing Agent for Notes listed on the official list of and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and is published and 
available on the website of BASF https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors.html. 
The 
Articles 
of 
Association 
of 
BASF 
SE 
are 
published 
and 
available 
on 
the 
website 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/basf-at-a-glance/corporate-governance/statutes.html.  
The Articles of Association of BASF Finance B.V. are published and available on the website 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/creditor-relations/basf-bonds/reports-basf-finance-europe-n-
v.html.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
THE ISSUERS 
BASF SE 
BASF Finance Europe N.V. 
Carl-Bosch-Str. 38 
Velperplein 23 
67056 Ludwigshafen am Rhein 
6811 AH Arnhem 
Germany 
The Netherlands 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to German law 
Hengeler Mueller 
Partnerschaft von Rechtsanwälten mbB 
Bockenheimer Landstr. 24 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
To the Issuers as to Dutch law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1a 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 189 ---
189 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUERS 
For BASF SE 
For BASF Finance Europe N.V. 
For the financial years ended 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2023: 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
THE SQUAIRE  
Am Flughafen 
60549 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
For the financial years ended 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2023: 
BDO Audit & Assurance B.V. 
Krijgsman 9 
1186 DM Amstelveen 
P.O. Box 71730 
1008 DE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
For the financial year starting 1 January 2024: 
Deloitte GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgeselltschaft 
Europa-Allee 91 
60486 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
For the financial year starting 1 January 2024: 
Deloitte Accountants B.V. 
Wilhelminakade 1 
3072 AP, Rotterdam 
The Netherlands 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
C/ Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia - 1st Floor 
28050, Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Bank of China (Europe) S.A. 
55 Boulevard Royal 
2449 – Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, D02 RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, Place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 190 ---
190 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China 
(Europe) S.A. 
32, Boulevard Royal 
L-2449, Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (Taunus Turm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
SMBC Bank EU AG  
Neue Mainzer Str. 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Hausmann 
75009 Paris  
France 
Standard Chartered Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 16 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
 
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany