--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) 
incorporated under Dutch law with its seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but its tax residency in Spain) 
€1,000,000,000 Structured Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain) 
Under this €1,000,000,000 Structured Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), BBVA Global Markets B.V. (the “Issuer”) may from time to time 
issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed with the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
This document (this "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") will comprise the General Conditions, each Annex specified 
as applicable in the completed Final Terms (each as defined below). This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus (a "Supplement to this Base 
Prospectus"), any applicable Annex and the Final Terms for a Series will comprise the "Offering Documents". 
The satisfaction of the Issuer's economic obligations (in cash and in deliverable assets (if applicable)) in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed pursuant to a guarantee (the “Guarantee”) entered into by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. ("BBVA" or the "Guarantor"). The Guarantor and 
its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to herein as the "Group". 
Notes may be issued in bearer, registered or in dematerialised book-entry form (respectively "Bearer Notes", "Registered Notes" and “Book-Entry Notes”). 
Notes may be issued whose return (whether in respect of any interest payable on such Notes and/or their redemption amount) is linked to one or more indices 
("Index Linked Notes"), one or more shares or depositary receipts ("Equity Linked Notes"), one or more inflation indices ("Inflation Linked Notes"), one or 
more reference item rate(s) ("Reference Item Rate Linked Notes"), one or more exchange traded fund shares ("ETF Linked Notes"), one or more fund shares 
or units ("Fund Linked Notes"), the credit of a specified entity or entities ("Credit Linked Notes"), one or more foreign exchange rates ("Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Linked Notes"), one or more EUA contracts ("EUA Contract Linked Notes") or any combination thereof ("Combination Notes") as more fully 
described herein. Notes may provide that settlement will be by way of cash settlement ("Cash Settled Notes") or physical delivery ("Physically Settled Notes") 
as provided in the Final Terms.  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies). Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more dealers appointed from time to time by the Issuer (the "Dealers" and each a "Dealer"). 
References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, 
be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes as designated in each specific issue of Notes. 
Potential investors should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider 
the suitability of the relevant Notes as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. An investment in Notes may involve 
a high degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price of their Notes. For a discussion of these risks 
see the "Risk Factors" section on pages 8 to 55 below. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in the circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus has 
been prepared in accordance with Annexes 6, 14, 17, 21, 22 and 28 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. This Base Prospectus has been approved 
as a base prospectus by the Spanish National Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the “CNMV”), as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The CNMV only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or 
Guarantor or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the Spanish AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market 
(“AIAF”) or on another regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state 
of the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The issue terms of any such exempt Notes to be admitted to trading on a Spanish Multilateral Trading Facility (“MTF”), such as Dowgate (Madrid) 
MTF, will be in substantially the same form as the Form of Final Terms, provided that any reference in the relevant section of this Base Prospectus and/or in the 
applicable Final Terms to "Base Prospectus" and "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Base Listing Particulars" and "Pricing Supplement" 
respectively. 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading 
on AIAF. Application may also be made to any other Spanish stock exchange or MTF specified in the Final Terms of the Notes. AIAF is a regulated market for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II").  
The Notes, the Guarantee and any Entitlement(s) (as defined below) have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), or any U.S. state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and 
in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. See "Form of the Notes" for a description of the 
manner and form in which Notes will be issued. The Notes are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". Notes may be offered in the United States to U.S. persons that are "qualified institutional buyers" (each a "QIB") as defined in Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act ("Rule 144A") who are also "qualified purchasers" (each a "QP") within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act") and the rules and regulations thereunder, by BBVA Securities Inc. (in such capacity, the "Initial Purchaser"). 
The Notes, the Guarantee and any Entitlement(s) do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission pursuant to the CEA.  
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS. UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN 
THE FINAL TERMS RELATING TO THE NOTES, THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE OFFERED, SOLD 
OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO AND SHOULD NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO (A) ANY EEA RETAIL 
INVESTOR OR (B) ANY UK RETAIL INVESTOR. FOR THESE PURPOSES, AN "EEA RETAIL INVESTOR" MEANS A PERSON WHO IS ONE (OR 
MORE) OF: (I) A "RETAIL CLIENT" AS DEFINED IN POINT (11) OF ARTICLE 4(1) OF MIFID II; (II) A CUSTOMER WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
DIRECTIVE (EU) 2016/97 (AS AMENDED OR SUPERSEDED, THE "INSURANCE DISTRIBUTION DIRECTIVE"); OR (III) NOT A QUALIFIED 
INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION. In addition, a “UK retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a “retail 
client”, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to EEA retail 
investors has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any EEA retail investor may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. In addition, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to UK retail investors has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any UK retail investor may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE AND UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The applicable Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes may include a legend entitled (a) in the case of the EEA, "MiFID II Product Governance" and (b) in the case of the UK, "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance”, which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (for the purposes of this paragraph, a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to (a) in the case of the EEA, MiFID II and (b) in the case of the UK, the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules"), is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for (a) the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 
2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules and (b) for the 
purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
EU BENCHMARK REGULATION – Amounts payable under the Notes or assets deliverable under the Notes may be calculated or otherwise determined by 
reference to certain reference rates, indices or other variables, which may constitute a benchmark under  the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
(the "BMR"). If any such reference rate, index or variable does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes will indicate whether or not the administrator thereof is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA Register") pursuant to Article 36 of the BMR. Not every reference rate, index or variable will fall within 
the scope of the BMR. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the BMR may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to 
appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the BMR is a 
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update any Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of any administrator. 
This document is for distribution only to persons who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the "Financial Promotion Order"), (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) 
to (d) ("high net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc.") of the Financial Promotion Order, (iii) are outside the United Kingdom, or (iv) are persons 
to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons").  This document 
is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons.  Any investment or investment activity to which 
this document relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. 
IMPORTANT – SWISS RETAIL INVESTORS - If and to the extent the Notes will be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly to retail clients 
(Privatkundinnen und -kunden) ("Retail Clients") pursuant to Article 4 para. 2 FinSA a key investor document (Basisinformationsblatt) in the sense of Article 58 
et seq. of FinSA relating to the Notes (a "FinSA-KID") would need to be prepared, unless the Retail Clients shall receive a key information document pursuant 
to the PRIIPs Regulation instead of a FinSA-KID.  
EU BENCHMARK REGULATION – Amounts payable under the Notes or assets deliverable under the Notes may be calculated or otherwise determined by 
reference to certain reference rates, indices or other variables, which may constitute a benchmark under the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
(the “BMR”). If any such reference rate, index or variable does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes will indicate whether or not the administrator thereof is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA Register") pursuant to Article 36 of the BMR. Not every reference rate, index or variable will fall within 
the scope of the BMR. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the BMR may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to 
appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the BMR is a 
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update any Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of any administrator.  
The Issuer is incorporated under Dutch law and has its seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but has its tax residency in Spain. The Guarantor is 
incorporated and has its tax residency in Spain. Potential investors should note the statements on pages 437 to 443 (inclusive) regarding the tax treatment 
in Spain of income obtained in respect of the Notes. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may agree with the relevant Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
set out herein, in which event a Supplement to this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached 
in relation to such Notes. 
In connection with any offering of Notes under this Base Prospectus, the Dealers are not acting for anyone other than the Issuer and will not be responsible to 
anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their clients nor for providing advice in relation to the offering. 
Arranger and Dealer 
BBVA 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 14 July 2022

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
Notice of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which will be 
filed with CNMV and published on the website of CNMV (www.cnmv.es). 
The Issuer and the Guarantor (the "Responsible Persons") accept responsibility for the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Responsible Persons the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that 
such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. Other than in relation to the documents 
which are incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the 
websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CNMV. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this 
document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Dealer(s) have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealer(s) 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts 
any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
other information provided by the Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with (a) this Base Prospectus or (b) any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealer(s). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealer(s) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any 
Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Dealer(s) to 
any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and/or the Guarantor is correct 
at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealer(s) 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer(s) do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the Dealer(s) which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither the Offering Documents nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession the Offering Documents or any Notes may come

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of the Offering Documents 
and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of the Offering 
Documents and the offer or sale of Notes in, without limitation, the United States, the United Kingdom and the 
EEA (including, without limitation, Spain, the Republic of Italy, Germany and France) (see "Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions"). 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a denomination of 
less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and at least €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) only in circumstances where there is an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation 
to publish a prospectus. As a result, any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant State") 
must be made pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of Notes 
in that relevant Member State may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, unless 
specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer(s) makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding 
the legality of its investments under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the 
economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential purchaser of Notes should realise that 
investing in the Notes entails significant risks and may not be appropriate for purchasers lacking financial 
expertise. Prospective purchasers should consult their own financial, tax and legal advisors as to the risks entailed 
by an investment in such Notes and the suitability of such Notes in light of their particular circumstances and 
ensure that its acquisition is fully consistent with their financial needs and investment policies, is lawful under the 
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and/or in which it operates, and is a suitable investment for it to make. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its 
financial and other professional advisors, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable Supplement to this Base Prospectus and all the information contained in the 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the specified 
currency for principal or interest payments of the Notes is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; 
(e) 
in respect of Notes linked to the performance of, without limitation, one or more, or a combination of, 
underlying shares or depositary receipts, indices, rates of interest, other rates, foreign exchange rates, 
exchange traded fund shares, funds, inflation indices, EUA Contracts and/or entities (together, 
"Reference Items" and each, a "Reference Item") (in respect of such Notes, together, "Reference Item 
Linked Notes" and each a "Reference Item Linked Note"), understands thoroughly (if necessary, in 
consultation with the investor's own legal, tax, accountancy, regulatory, investment or other professional 
advisers) the nature of each such Reference Item Linked Note; and 
(f) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer or any affiliate of BBVA has given, and will not give, to any potential 
investor in the Notes (either directly or indirectly) any assurance, advice, recommendation or guarantee as to the 
merits, performance or suitability of such Notes, and the investor should be aware that the Issuer is acting as an 
arm's-length contractual counterparty and not as an advisor or fiduciary. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
No website referred to in this Base Prospectus forms part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
SPANISH TAX RULES 
Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of July 27 ("RD 1065/2007"), as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, 
of July 29 ("RD 1145/2011"), sets out the reporting obligations applicable to preference shares and debt 
instruments (including debt instruments issued at a discount for a period equal to or less than twelve months) 
issued under the First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014, of June 26, on Organisation, Supervision and 
Solvency of Credit Entities ("Law 10/2014"). 
General 
The procedure described in this Base Prospectus for the provision of information required by Spanish laws and 
regulations is a summary only. Holders of Notes must seek their own advice to ensure that the relevant 
procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their Notes are complied with. None of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Dealer(s), the Paying Agents, the European Clearing Systems or DTC assumes any responsibility 
therefor. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are corporations organised under the laws of the Netherlands and Spain respectively. 
All or most of the officers and directors of the Issuer and the Guarantor named herein reside outside the United 
States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of such officers and directors 
are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process 
outside the Netherlands and Spain upon the Issuer and Spain upon the Guarantor or such persons, or to enforce 
judgments against them obtained in courts outside the Netherlands and Spain predicated upon civil liabilities of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor or such directors and officers under laws other than the laws of the Netherlands and 
the laws of Spain, including any judgment predicated upon United States federal securities laws.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................... 8 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 56 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 58 
Annex 1 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts ....................................................................... 116 
Annex 2 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes .................................................... 154 
Annex 3 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked Notes .................................................. 169 
Annex 4 
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Notes ...................................................... 186 
Annex 5 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes ..................................................... 203 
Annex 6 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes ............................................... 214 
Annex 7 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes ............... 220 
Annex 8 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes ................................................... 232 
Annex 9 
Additional Terms and Conditions for EUA Contract Linked Notes ...................................... 304 
FORM OF NOTES ............................................................................................................................................. 313 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 318 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 403 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEM ......................................................................................................... 405 
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V.................................................................................... 411 
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. ....................................................... 415 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 437 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS .................................... 453 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 474

--- Page 7 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this 
Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes. The Final Terms of each Tranche of Notes 
will be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer(s) prior to the issue of such Tranche and will be 
set out and completed by Part A of the applicable Final Terms or as modified and/or supplemented, as applicable.  
 
Notes may be issued whose return (whether in respect of any interest payable on such Notes and/or their 
redemption amount) is linked to one or more indices ("Index Linked Notes"), one or more shares or depositary 
receipts ("Equity Linked Notes"), one or more inflation indices ("Inflation Linked Notes"), one or more 
reference item rate(s) ("Reference Item Rate Linked Notes"), one or more exchange traded fund shares ("ETF 
Linked Notes"), one or more fund shares or units ("Fund Linked Notes"), the credit of a specified entity or 
entities ("Credit Linked Notes"), one or more foreign exchange rates ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Notes"), one or more EUA contracts ("EUA Contract Linked Notes") or any combination thereof 
("Combination Notes") as more fully described herein. Notes may provide that settlement will be by way of cash 
settlement ("Cash Settled Notes") or physical delivery ("Physically Settled Notes") as provided in the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 8 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors expose themselves to the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor may become 
insolvent, subject to early intervention or resolution measures, or otherwise be unable to make all payments due 
in respect of the Notes. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their 
ability to fulfil their obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies 
which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or otherwise perform its obligations in connection with any Notes may occur for 
other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by either the Issuer or the Guarantor based on 
information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors 
should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views 
prior to making any investment decision. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consider carefully, among other things in the light of their financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, all of the information in this Base Prospectus and, in particular, the risk 
factors set forth below (which each of the Issuer and the Guarantor, in its reasonable opinion, believes represent 
or may represent the risk factors known to it which may affect the Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes) in making an investment decision. Noteholders may lose the value of their entire 
investment in certain circumstances. 
References herein to "BBVA" or to the "Bank" shall be read and construed as references to the Guarantor.  
The Risk Factors set out below appear under the following headings: 
1. 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer. 
1.1 
The Issuer is dependent on the Guarantor to make payments on the Notes 
1.2 
Certain considerations in relation to the forum upon insolvency of the Issuer  
1.3 
The issuer may become taxable in a jurisdiction other than Spain and this may increase the 
aggregate tax burden on the Issuer 
2. 
Risk Factors relating to the Guarantor. 
2.1. 
Macroeconomic and Geopolitical Risks 
2.2. 
Business Risks 
2.3. 
Financial Risks 
2.4. 
Legal, Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks 
2.5. 
Operational Risks 
3. 
Risk Factors relating to the Notes. 
3.1 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  
3.2 
Risk Factors associated with Notes that are linked to one or more specific types of Reference 
Items. 
3.3 
Risk Factors associated generally with Notes that are linked to Reference Item(s).

--- Page 9 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
9 
 
 
3.4 
Risk Factors relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes.  
3.5 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes generally. 
3.6 
Risk Factor relating to Sustainable Notes. 
1. 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer 
1.1 
The Issuer is dependent on the Guarantor to make payments on the Notes 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor which was established for the purpose of, among others, 
issuing Notes and on-lending the proceeds within the Group. The Issuer is therefore dependent upon other 
members of the Group paying interest on and repaying their loans in a timely fashion. Should the Guarantor fail 
to pay interest on or repay any loan in a timely fashion this will have a material adverse effect on the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
By virtue of its dependence on the Guarantor, each of the risks described below that affect the Guarantor will also 
indirectly affect the Issuer. 
1.2 
Certain considerations in relation to the forum upon insolvency of the Issuer  
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the court having jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings and the law 
applicable to those proceedings and their effects will be determined in accordance with the provisions of Council 
Regulation (EC) No 848/2015, of May 20, 2015, on insolvency proceedings ("Regulation 848/2015"), the Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2020, of May 5, 2020, that approved the reinstated provisions of the Spanish Insolvency 
Law 22/2003, of July 9, 2003, as amended (the "Spanish Insolvency Law") and the Dutch Insolvency Law 
(faillissementswet) of September 30, 1893, as amended (the "Dutch Insolvency Law"). Pursuant to these 
provisions, the courts of the place where the Issuer has its centre of main interests shall have jurisdiction to open 
insolvency proceedings against it and the law applicable to the insolvency proceedings and their effects will be 
the law of the place where such proceedings are opened.  
Under Regulation 848/2015 the centre of main interests should correspond to the place where the debtor conducts 
the administration of its interests on a regular basis and is therefore ascertainable by third parties. In the case of a 
company or legal person, Regulation 848/2015 presumes, in the absence of proof to the contrary, that the place of 
its registered office is the centre of its main interests. Based on this presumption a Dutch court may consider that 
it has jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. Notwithstanding this presumption, it is 
arguable that the centre of main interests of the Issuer should be considered to be located in Spain and that the 
Spanish courts should be the courts with jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against it. In addition, even 
if the centre of main interests of the Issuer were not in Spain, the Spanish court could still open insolvency 
proceedings (named territorial insolvency proceedings) if they consider that the Issuer has an establishment within 
the territory of Spain, the effects of which would be limited to the assets of the Issuer situated in Spain. 
Noteholders should be aware that, in accordance with the above, in the case of an eventual insolvency of the 
Issuer, there is uncertainty as to whether the insolvency proceedings would be opened in the Netherlands or in 
Spain. 
1.3  
The Issuer may become taxable in a jurisdiction other than Spain and this may increase the 
aggregate tax burden on the Issuer. 
Since its incorporation, the Issuer has had, on a continuous basis, its place of “effective management” in Spain. 
For Spanish tax purposes, the Issuer will therefore qualify as a tax resident of Spain on the basis of Spanish 
domestic law and subject to Spanish taxes. For Dutch tax purposes, a company is considered a tax resident of the 
Netherlands, irrespective the company’s place of “effective management”, if it is incorporated under Dutch law 
(the so-called “Incorporation Rule”) and will as such in principle be subject to Dutch taxes.  
This would result in the Issuer being a tax resident in both Spain and the Netherlands. In such event, the so-called 
tie-breaker provision (the “Tie-Breaker Provision”) included in Article 4(4) of the Convention between the 
Netherlands and Spain for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with respect to Taxes on Income and on Net Wealth 
(the “Convention”), determines that the Issuer should qualify solely as a tax resident in Spain for purposes of the 
Convention, provided that the Issuer's place of “effective management” is in Spain. 
The test of “effective management” is largely a question of fact and degree based on all the circumstances, rather 
than a question of law. Nevertheless, the relevant case law and OECD guidance suggest that the Issuer is likely to 
be regarded as having become Spanish tax resident from incorporation and remaining so if, as the Issuer intends,

--- Page 10 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
 
(i) most meetings of its executive directors are prepared and held in Spain (and none will be held in presence in 
the Netherlands) with a majority of executive directors present in Spain for those meetings; (ii) at those meetings 
there are full discussions of, and decisions are made regarding, the key strategic issues affecting the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries; (iii) those meetings are properly minuted; (iv) a majority of our executive directors, together with 
supporting staff, are based in Spain; and (v) the Issuer has permanent staffed office premises in Spain. These facts 
and circumstances may change (for example, the directors or the place where board of directors meetings take 
place may change), and this may result in the Issuer becoming (also) a tax resident of the Netherlands or another 
jurisdiction. 
Furthermore, the applicable tax laws or interpretations thereof, applicable tax treaties, including the Convention 
and the Tie-Breaker Provision, may change. In the event that the Convention would change, or if Spain and the 
Netherlands would designate the Convention as a so-called 'covered tax agreement' subject to the Multilateral 
Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (the “MLI”), 
the Issuer may become (also) a tax resident of the Netherlands (at least until the moment Spain and the Netherlands 
will reach an agreement on our tax residency for purposes of the Convention). 
Moreover, the Issuer may become subject to income taxes in other countries with regard to the income generated 
in the respective other country, for example, due to the existence of a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in such other country. 
As a consequence, the Issuer's overall effective income tax rate and income tax expense could materially increase, 
which could have a material adverse effect the Issuer's financial condition. 
2. 
Risk Factors relating to the Guarantor 
The description of the risks inherent to the activity of the BBVA Group, its businesses and its operations, as well 
as the quantitative information on the different risks, based on data referring to the 2021, 2020 and 2019 financial 
years, and, where appropriate, data referring to the three-month period ended March 31, 2022, are described in 
this section and it complements what is included in the Consolidated Annual Accounts and Consolidated 
Management Report for the year ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 and the quarterly report for the three 
months ended March 31, 2022. 
In the Chapter of Risk Management of the Management Report attached to the Consolidated Annual Accounts for 
2021, both the risk factors and the risk principles and policies of the BBVA Group are indicated, as well as the 
corporate governance scheme on risk management, the internal control model and the tools, circuits and relevant 
procedures.  
The main risk factors that the BBVA Group takes into consideration at the date of this Base Prospectus are detailed 
below. 
2.1 
Macroeconomic and Geopolitical Risks  
A deterioration in economic conditions or the institutional environment in the countries where the Group 
operates could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations 
The Group is sensitive to the deterioration of economic conditions or the alteration of the institutional environment 
of the countries in which it operates, and especially Spain, Mexico and Türkiye, which represented 60.7 per cent., 
19.0 per cent. and 8.7 per cent. of the Group's assets as of March 31, 2022, respectively (62.4 per cent., 17.8 per 
cent. and 8.5 per cent. as of December 31, 2021, respectively, 55.6 per cent., 15.0 per cent. and 8.1 per cent., as 
of December 31, 2020, respectively, and 52.9 per cent., 15.6 per cent. and 9.2 per cent. as of December 31, 2019, 
respectively). As of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Group's attributable profit amounted to €1,651 
and €4,653 million, respectively (€1,651 and €5,069 million adjusted attributable profit), being the percentage on 
the adjusted attributable profit of Spain, Mexico, Türkiye and South America, 36.4 per cent., 47.1 per cent., 15.1 
per cent. and 9.6 per cent., as of March 31, 2022, and 31.2 per cent., 50.7 per cent., 14.6 per cent. and 9.7 per cent. 
as of December 31, 2021. Being the percentage on the gross margin of Spain, Mexico, Türkiye and South America, 
28.0 per cent., 37.8 per cent., 17.3 per cent. and 14.8 per cent., as of March 31, 2022 and 28.1 per cent., 36.1 per 
cent., 16.2 per cent. and 15.0 per cent. as of December 31, 2021, respectively. Additionally, the Group is exposed 
to sovereign debt, particularly sovereign debt related to these geographies. Furthermore, the Group has recently 
increased its shareholding stake in Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş. (Garanti) in an additional 36.12 per cent. 
(reaching 85.97 per cent.) as a result of the voluntary takeover bid for the shares of Garanti not already owned by 
BBVA announced in November 2021. See "The Group depends on its credit ratings and sovereign credit ratings, 
especially its Spanish ratings".

--- Page 11 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
11 
 
 
In addition to the significant macroeconomic problems triggered by the COVID-19 pandemic, the global economy 
is currently facing a number of extraordinary challenges. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the largest military attack 
on a European state since World War II, has led to significant disruption, instability and volatility in global 
markets, as well as higher inflation (including by contributing to further increases in the prices of energy, oil and 
other commodities and further disrupting supply chains) and lower or negative growth. The EU, UK, United States 
and other governments have imposed significant sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian 
interests and threatened additional sanctions and controls. 
The conflict represents a significant supply shock for the global economy, which is likely to reinforce the 
moderating trend in economic growth and add to ongoing inflationary pressures, mainly in European countries, 
due to their relatively significant economic ties with Ukraine and Russia. The economic effects of the war will 
likely come mainly through the higher commodity prices, but also through the  financial and confidence channels, 
as well as a through a further deterioration of the problems in global supply chains. In this context, there is a risk 
that a new escalation of economic sanctions generate a scenario of stagflation, at least in Europe.   
The impact of these challenges and measures, as well as potential responses to these measures by Russia, is 
currently unknown and, while the Group’s direct exposure to Ukraine and Russia is limited  (€44 million as of 
March 31, 2022, in loans and advances to customers for non-residents), they could adversely affect the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. Geopolitical and economic risks have also increased over 
the past few years as a result of trade tensions between the United States and China, Brexit, the rise of populism 
and tensions in the Middle East. Growing tensions may lead, among others things, to a deglobalisation of the 
world economy, an increase in protectionism or barriers to immigration, a general reduction of international trade 
in goods and services and a reduction in the integration of financial markets, any of which could materially and 
adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, the world economy could be vulnerable to other factors such as the withdrawal of monetary stimulus 
due to growing and widespread inflationary pressures, which could cause a significant slowdown in economic 
growth as well as volatility in financial markets. The central banks of many developed and emerging economies 
have begun to withdraw the monetary stimulus introduced in previous years and the process of tightening 
monetary conditions is likely to continue going forward in most economies. In the United States, the Federal 
Reserve has begun in March 2022 to adjust up the policy rate, which, according to BBVA Research, could 
converge towards around 2.75 per cent. by the end of 2022. In the Eurozone, the ECB has completed the 
extraordinary purchase program designed to deal with the pandemic (PEPP) and, despite the fact that the standard 
program (APP) has been still maintained, asset purchases will moderate in the coming months, paving the way 
for increases in monetary policy interest rates from the second half of 2022. 
Another risk is a sharp slowdown in the global GDP growth caused by a deceleration in the Chinese economy due 
to the recent restrictions on mobility adopted to try to control the spread of the coronavirus pandemic or other 
idiosyncratic factors. 
The Group bears, among others, the following general risks with respect to the economic and institutional 
environment in which it operates: a deterioration in economic activity in the countries in which it operates; more 
persistent inflationary pressures (in March 2022 annual inflation has reached 9.8 per cent. in Spain, 7.5 per cent. 
in Mexico, 61.1 per cent. in Türkiye, 55.1 per cent. in Argentina, 6.8 per cent. in Peru and 8.5 per cent. in 
Colombia), which could trigger a more severe tightening of monetary conditions; stagflation due to more intense 
or prolonged supply crises; changes in exchange rates (From December 31, 2021 to March 31, 2022 the balance 
recognised under the heading of “accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) - foreign currency translation” 
in the Balance sheet decreased from €14,988 million to €14,039 million, explained by the appreciation against the 
euro of some of the currencies of the main geographies where the Group operates against the euro such as the 
Peruvian sol (9.4 per cent.), Colombian peso (8.4 per cent.) and the Mexican peso (4.8 per cent.); partially offset 
by the depreciation against the euro of the Turkish lira (6.4 per cent.),and Argentine peso (5.5 per cent.); an 
unfavourable evolution of the real estate market, to which the Group continues to be significantly exposed; very 
high oil prices could have a negative impact on disposable income levels in areas that are pure oil consumers, 
such as Spain or Türkiye, to which the Group is particularly exposed; changes in the institutional environment of 
the countries in which the Group operates could give rise to sudden and sharp drops in GDP and/or changes in 
regulatory or government policy, including in terms of exchange controls and restrictions on the distribution of 
dividends; a growth in the public debt or in the external deficit could lead to a downward revision of the credit 
ratings of the sovereign debt and even a possible default or restructuring of said debt; and episodes of volatility in 
the markets, which could cause the Group significant losses.

--- Page 12 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
12 
 
 
Risk associated with pandemics like the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
The COVID-19 (coronavirus) pandemic has adversely affected the world economy, and economic activity and 
conditions in the countries in which the Group operates. New waves of contagion continue to be a source of 
concern and the emergence of new strains remains a risk, although increasing vaccination rates will likely continue 
to reduce its impact on economic activity. Among other challenges, these countries are still dealing with high 
unemployment levels, relatively weak activity, supply disruptions and increasing inflationary pressures, while 
public debt has increased significantly due to the support and spending measures implemented by the government 
authorities. Furthermore, there was an increase in loan losses from both companies and individuals, which has so 
far been slowed down by the impact of government support measures, including bank payment deferrals, credit 
with public guarantee and direct aid measures. Likewise, volatility in the financial markets may continue affecting 
exchange rates and the value of assets and investments, which has adversely affected the Group's capital base and 
result in the past, and could do so again. There are still uncertainties about the final future impact of the COVID-
19 pandemic, mainly if there is an increase in infections caused by the new variants of the coronavirus. 
With the outbreak of COVID-19, the Group experienced a decline in its activity. For example, the granting of new 
loans to individuals decreased during lockdowns. In addition, in several countries, including Spain, the Group 
closed a significant number of its branches and reduced the opening hours of working with the public, with central 
services teams having to work remotely. While these measures were progressively reversed, additional restrictions 
on mobility could be adopted that affect the Group’s operations. Furthermore, the Group has been and may be 
affected by the measures or recommendations adopted by regulatory authorities in the banking sector, such as 
variations in reference interest rates, the modification of prudential requirements, the temporary suspension of 
dividend payments (see "The Group faces risks derived from its international geographic diversification and its 
significant presence in emerging countries. The Group’s ability to distribute dividends depends, in part, on the 
receipt of dividends from its subsidiaries", the modification of the deferral of monthly instalments for certain loans 
and the granting of guarantees or public guarantees to credit operations for companies and self-employed persons, 
the adoption of further similar measures or the termination of those already approved, as well as any changes in 
financial assets purchase programs by the ECB. As of March 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the amounts of 
payment deferrals and financing granted with a public guarantee reached 2.29 and 2.45 million customers at the 
Group level and amounted to €37,651 and €38,025 million, respectively, equivalent to 10.4 per cent. and 10.9 per 
cent. of the lending portfolio of which 56.8 per cent. and 57.7 per cent. are payment deferrals and 43.2 per cent. 
and 42.3 per cent. financing with public guarantee, with an average ICO guarantee coverage of 75 per cent.  
Furthermore, pandemics like the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect the business and transactions of 
third parties that provide critical services to the Group and, in particular, the higher demand and/or the lower 
availability of certain resources, compounded by ongoing supply bottlenecks could, in some cases, make it more 
difficult for the Group to maintain the required service levels. In addition, the widespread use of remote work has 
increased the risks related to cybersecurity, as the use of non-corporate networks has increased. 
Further, despite the progressive lessening of restrictions since 2020 and the increasing resumption of activities, 
the Group continues to face various risks, such as a greater risk of impairment of the value of its assets (including 
financial instruments valued at fair value, which may suffer significant fluctuations) and of the Notes held for 
liquidity reasons, an even further increase in non-performing loans (NPLs) and risk-weighted assets (RWAs), as 
well as an increase in the Group's cost of financing and a reduction in its access to financing (especially in an 
environment where credit ratings are affected), see "The group depends on its credit ratings and sovereign debt 
ratings, especially its Spanish ratings". 
The COVID-19 pandemic has also exacerbated and may continue to exacerbate other risks disclosed in this 
section, including but not limited to risks associated with the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers and 
counterparties or collateral, any withdrawal of ECB funding (of which the Group has made and continues to make 
significant use), the Group’s exposure to sovereign debt and rating downgrades, the Group’s ability to comply 
with its regulatory requirements, including MREL (as defined herein) and other capital requirements, and the 
deterioration of economic conditions or changes in the institutional environment. See "A deterioration in economic 
conditions or the institutional environment in the countries where the Group operates could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations". 
The COVID-19 pandemic has had a substantial impact on the Spanish economy and its sovereign fiscal position. 
Despite the 5.1 per cent. expansion in 2021, Spanish GDP remains below the level observed immediately before 
the pandemic given its 10.8 per cent. contraction in 2020. The relative weakness of economic activity and the 
measures the fiscal stimulus adopted have generated fears about the sustainability of public debt in the medium 
and long term, especially if the European Central Bank continues to withdraw the monetary stimulus introduced

--- Page 13 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
13 
 
 
following the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. The risk of (renewed) fragmentation in the Eurozone is on 
the rise, once the ECB has signalled the end of its asset purchase programs. In addition, the annual inflation rate 
for 2021 (6.5 per cent. in December) was the highest since 1989. Against this backdrop, the consequences of the 
military conflict in Europe (not only higher commodity prices but also additional problems in supply chains and 
greater financial volatility, among other effects) could slow down the expected economic recovery and keep 
inflation at high levels at least in 2022. On the other hand, although the economic recovery is expected to be 
supported by the adoption of initiatives by the European Union, in particular the financial support linked to the 
Next Generation EU (NGEU) plan, there are risks associated with the capacity of the Spanish economy to absorb 
EU funds and translate this support into productive investments. 
The final magnitude of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations, which has been and is expected to be significant, will depend on future and uncertain events, 
including the intensity and persistence over time of the consequences arising from the COVID-19 pandemic in 
the different geographies in which the Group operates. 
2.2 
Business Risks 
The Group’s businesses are subject to inherent risks concerning borrowers and counterparties’ credit quality 
and the value of collateral that strengthens its lending portfolio, particularly in Spain  
The total maximum credit risk exposure of the Group as of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, were 
€730,973 and €753,730 million respectively (€747,145 million and €807,520 million as of December 31, 2020 
and 2019, respectively). The maximum exposure of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost at March 
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is €346,434 and €330,055 million, respectively, of which Spain, Mexico and 
Türkiye represent 59.7 per cent., 18.2 per cent. and 10.3 per cent., and 61.0 per cent., 17.5 per cent. and 10.1 per 
cent. respectively. The accumulated loss allowances of loans and advances to customers at amortised cost at March 
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 amounts to €11,417 and €11,116 million respectively, of which Spain, Mexico 
and Türkiye represent 45.9 per cent., 19.6 per cent. and 18.4 per cent., and 47.5 per cent., 18.3 per cent. and 18.5 
per cent., respectively. Impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss (impairment 
on financial assets) as of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was a negative balance of €738 and €3,034 
million, significantly lower than the previous year (-20.1 per cent. and -38.7 per cent. respectively) and with a 
decrease in all geographical areas mainly due to the negative impact of provisions for COVID-19 in 2020. The 
Group has exposures to many different products and counterparties, and the credit quality of its exposures can 
have a significant effect on the Group’s earnings. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Group’s 
counterparties (including borrowers) or in their behaviour or businesses, or any adverse changes in the collateral 
they may have provided, may reduce the value of the Group’s assets, and materially increase the Group’s write-
downs and loss allowances. Credit risk can be affected by a range of factors, including an adverse economic 
environment, reduced consumer, corporate or government spending, changes in the rating of individual 
contractual counterparties, their debt levels and the environment in which they operate, increased unemployment, 
reduced asset values, increased retail or corporate insolvency levels, reduced corporate profits, changes (and the 
timing, quantum and pace of these changes) in interest rates, litigation and legal and regulatory developments. 
In recent years, the Group’s NPL ratio (as defined in Alternative Performance Measures section of the Interim 
Consolidated Management Report, which was 3.9 per cent., 4.1 per cent., 4.2 per cent. and 4.2 per cent. as of 
March 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively) has benefited from the low interest rate 
environment, which has led to increased recoveries and repayments. If as currently expected, interest rates 
increase, this will likely lead to a deterioration of our NPL ratio. It will also likely lead to an increase in the 
Group’s RWAs. The Group's coverage ratio (as defined in the Alternative Performance Measures section of the 
Consolidated Interim Management Report) stood at 76 per cent, 75 per cent., 82 per cent. and 75 per cent. at 
March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.  
Furthermore, economic deterioration typically results in a decrease in the price of real estate assets. The Group is 
exposed to the real estate market, mainly in Spain and, to a lesser extent, Mexico and Türkiye, due to the fact that 
many of its loans are secured by real estate assets and due to the significant volume of real estate assets that it 
maintains on its balance sheet. As of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Group’s exposure to the 
construction and real estate sectors (excluding the mortgage portfolio) in Spain was equivalent to €9,539 and 
€9,504 million, respectively, of which €2,041 and €2,123 million, respectively, corresponded to loans for 
construction and development activities in Spain (representing 1.3 per cent. of the Group’s loans and advances to 
customers in Spain (excluding the public sector) and 0.3 per cent. of the Group’s consolidated assets as of March 
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021). The total real estate exposure (excluding the mortgage portfolio), including 
developer credit, foreclosed assets without other assets, reflected a coverage ratio of 33 per cent. in Spain as of 
March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. A fall in the price of real estate assets in Spain (or, to a lesser extent,

--- Page 14 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
14 
 
 
Mexico or Türkiye) would reduce the value of any real estate securing loans granted by the Group and, therefore, 
in the event of default, the amount of the expected losses related to such loans would increase. In addition, it could 
also have a significant adverse effect on the default rates of the Group’s residential mortgage portfolio, the balance 
of which, as of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, was €92,598 and €91,324 million at a global level (as of 
December 31, 2020 and 2019, €91,428 million and €110,534 million, respectively). 
The impact of an increase in default rates on the Group will depend on its magnitude, timing and pace, but is 
likely to be significant. Furthermore, it is possible that the Group has incorrectly assessed the creditworthiness or 
willingness to pay of its counterparties, that it has underestimated the credit risks and potential losses inherent in 
its credit exposure and that it has made insufficient provisions for such risks in a timely manner. The processes 
involved in making such assessments, which have a crucial impact on the Group’s results and financial condition, 
require difficult, subjective and complex calculations, including forecasts of the impact that macroeconomic 
conditions could have on these counterparties. In particular, the Group’s estimate of losses derived from its 
exposure to credit risk may prove to be inadequate or insufficient in the current environment of economic 
uncertainty, which could affect the adequacy of the provisions for insolvencies provided by the Group. An increase 
in non-performing or low-quality loans could significantly and adversely affect the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
As of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the gross amount of refinancing and restructuring of the Group 
was €17,825 and €17,949 million, respectively (7.5 per cent. increase compared to December 2020), mainly 
concentrated in Spain and Türkiye, which represents 5.1 per cent. and 5.4 per cent. of total loans and advances to 
customers. These refinancing and restructuring have an associated collateral value of €6,492 and €6,668 million, 
respectively, in the periods previously mentioned. Likewise, the 51 per cent. and 51 per cent. of them were 
classified as impaired on those same dates. 
As of December 31, 2021 assets from foreclosures and recoveries, net of impairment losses amounted to €837 
million. During the first quarter of 2022 there were no significant sales of foreclosed assets. 
The Group’s business is particularly vulnerable to interest rates and is exposed to risks associated with the 
continuity of certain reference rates and the transition to alternative reference rates  
The Group’s results of operations are substantially dependent upon the level of its net interest income, which is 
the difference between interest income from interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing 
liabilities. It is possible that changes in market interest rates affect the Group’s interest-earning assets differently 
from the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities. This, in turn, may lead to a reduction in the Group’s net interest 
margin, which could have a significant adverse effect on its results. Moreover, changes in interest rates may affect 
the Group’s credit risk exposure. The evolution is different between the different geographies in which the Group 
operates given that in Spain the net interest margin as of March 31, 2022, has decreased by 0.8 per cent., while in 
the rest of geographical areas it has increased; thus, Mexico has increased by 27.8 per cent. (19.8 per cent. at 
constant exchange rates), Türkiye has increased by 33.2 per cent. (an increase of 134.2 per cent. at constant 
exchange rates) and South America has increased 22.7 per cent. (27.0 per cent. at constant exchange rates).  
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s control, including fiscal and monetary 
policies of governments and central banks, regulation of the financial sector, domestic and international economic 
and political conditions and other factors. In this sense, the COVID-19 pandemic triggered a process of cuts in 
reference interest rates, which is currently starting to be reversed in order to combat inflation. However, interest 
rate increases are being implemented at a different pace across regions and it is possible that such increases could 
be delayed or reversed (as the case may be) in the event of the appearance of new COVID-19 strains that restrict 
growth or otherwise. Increases in interest rates could adversely affect the Group by reducing the demand for credit, 
limiting its ability to generate credit for its clients and leading to an increase in the default rate of its counterparties. 
See Note 7.3.1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements where the interest rate sensitivity analysis is detailed. As 
a result of the foregoing, the evolution of interest rates could have a material adverse impact on the Group's 
business, financial position and results of operations. 
With regard to the risk of variation in the market value of assets and liabilities, as of December 31, 2021, the 
average VaR was €29 million. By type of market risk assumed by the Group's trading portfolio, the main risk 
factor in the Group continues to be linked to interest rates, representing 58 per cent. of the total at the end of 2021 
(including spread risk) and increasing the relative weight compared to the end of 2020 (56 per cent.). On the other 
hand, the exchange risk represents a 15 per cent., a decrease compared to the end of the year 2020 (21 per cent.), 
while variable income risk and volatility and correlation risk, increase, representing a 27 per cent. at the end of 
the year 2021 (versus 23 per cent. at the end of the year 2020). As of December 31, 2021, the VaR balance was 
€31 million (€34 million corresponding to interest and spread risk, €9 million to exchange rate risk, €5 million to 
equity risk and €11 million to volatility risk and -€29 million of diversification effect).

--- Page 15 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
15 
 
 
As a result of the above, the evolution of interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
In recent years, international regulators have been driving a transition from the use of interbank offer rates 
(IBORs), including the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR), the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) and 
the euro overnight index average (EONIA), to alternative risk free rates (RFRs). This has resulted in regulatory 
reform and changes to existing IBORs, with further changes anticipated. These reforms and changes may cause 
an IBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. The Group is particularly exposed 
to EURIBOR-based financial instruments, nevertheless, as of March 31, 2022, the Group considers that there is 
no uncertainty regarding EURIBOR as it has been replaced by the hybrid EURIBOR which uses a methodology 
that meets the requirements of the European Regulation of Reference Indices. 
The uncertainty about the nature and extent of LIBOR USD reforms and changes, and how they might affect 
financial instruments, could negatively impact the valuation and/or trading of a wide range of financial instruments 
used by the LIBOR USD, including Notes, loans, deposits and derivative instruments based on LIBOR USD 
issued by the Group or otherwise included in the financial assets and liabilities of the Group. Such uncertainty 
may also affect the availability and cost of hedging instruments and debt. 
Although the transition from LIBOR EUR, CHF, JPY, GBP has been carried out without relevant impacts, the 
Group will have to adapt or modify the documentation in LIBOR USD related to the new financial instruments 
and to most of the existing ones. This remaining volume, much higher than that already transitioned and still 
pending modification as of March 31, 2022, could give rise to litigation (including with Group customers), all of 
which could have an adverse effect on the Group's operating results. The implementation of any alternative RFRs 
may be impossible or impracticable under the existing terms of certain financial instruments. Such transition could 
also result in pricing risks arising from how changes to reference rates could impact pricing mechanisms in some 
instruments, and could have an adverse effect on the value of, return on and trading market for such financial 
instruments and on the Group’s profitability. In addition, the transition to RFRs will require important operational 
changes to the Group’s systems and infrastructure as all systems will need to account for the changes in the 
reference rates. 
As of December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, 50.2 per cent., 53.2 per cent. and 58.7 per cent. of the total transactions 
with a maturity greater than one year of "Loans and advances to customers" have variable interest rates. This 
significant amount of loans tied to variable interest rates makes the profitability of the loans more sensitive to falls 
in interest rates and, in addition, the repayment capacity of these loans is also more sensitive to changes in interest 
rates. Furthermore, if interest rates were to increase in some or all of the Group’s markets, this could reduce the 
demand for credit and the Group’s ability to generate credit for its clients, as well as contribute to an increase in 
the NPL ratio. 
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations.  
The Group faces increasing competition and is exposed to a changing business model 
In recent years, the financial services sector has undergone a significant transformation driven by the development 
of mobile technologies and the entry of new players into activities previously controlled by financial institutions. 
The markets in which the Group operates are highly competitive and it is expected that this trend will continue in 
the coming years with the increasing entry of non-bank competitors (some of which have large client portfolios 
and strong brand recognition) and the emergence of new business models, as indicated by the Financial Stability 
Board’s report on FinTech and market structure in financial services at a global level, banks have a share of 
approximately 39 per cent. of total financial services market at the end of 2020 and non-bank financial 
intermediaries a 48 per cent. Traditionally, commercial banks have been the only providers of financial products 
and services, from credit to deposits, including payment and investment services. Although the Group is making 
efforts to anticipate these changes, betting on its digital transformation, its competitive position is affected by the 
regulatory asymmetry that benefits non-bank operators. For example, banking groups are subject to prudential 
regulations that have implications for most of their businesses, including those in which they compete with non-
bank operators that are only subject to regulations specific to the activity they develop or that benefit from 
loopholes in the regulatory environment. Furthermore, when banking groups carry out financial activities through 
the use of new technologies, they are generally subject to additional internal governance rules that place such 
groups at a competitive disadvantage. 
Moreover, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including crypto currencies and alternative payment 
systems that do not use the banking system, could require substantial investment to modify or adapt existing 
products and services as the Group continues to increase its mobile and internet banking capabilities and online.

--- Page 16 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
16 
 
 
Likewise, the increasing use of these new technologies and mobile banking platforms could have an adverse 
impact on the Group's investments in facilities, equipment and employees of the branch network. A faster pace of 
transformation towards mobile and online banking models could require changes in the Group's commercial 
banking strategy, including the closure or sale of some branches and the restructuring of others, and reductions in 
employees. These changes could result in significant expenses as the Group reconfigures and transforms its 
commercial network. On the other hand, the trend towards the consolidation in the banking industry has created 
larger banks with which the Group must compete. Failure to implement such changes efficiently and on a timely 
basis could have a material adverse impact on the Group's competitive position or otherwise have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition or results of operations, or could lead to collective 
layoff procedures, (see explanatory Note 22 from the Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements and 
Interim Consolidated Management Report as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2022 of the BBVA 
Group). 
Existing loopholes in the regulatory environment create an uneven playing field between banks and non-bank 
players. Some new services or business models (FinTechs or BigTechs) are not yet covered by current regulations. 
In these cases, asymmetries may arise between market participants since regulated providers often face obstacles 
in engaging in unregulated activities. The future success of the Group depends, in part, on its ability to use 
technology to provide suitable products and services for customers. Despite the technological capabilities that the 
Group has been developing and its commitment to digitisation, as a result of the aforementioned inequalities, it is 
likely that the Group may not be able to effectively implement new technology-based products and services or 
that it may not be successful in their commercialisation, which would negatively affect the business, financial 
condition and results of the Group.  
In particular, there are challenges for the Group in competing in an environment in which the relationship with 
the customer is based on access to digital data and interactions. This access is increasingly dominated by digital 
platforms that are already eroding the Group's results in highly relevant markets such as payments. These 
platforms can leverage their advantage in access to data to compete with the Group in other markets and could 
reduce the Group's operations and margins in its core businesses such as lending or wealth management. The 
alliances that the Group's competitors are beginning to create with BigTechs may prevent it from competing 
successfully and could adversely affect the Group. In the event that the Group is not successful in addressing 
increasing competition, its business, financial condition and results could be significantly and adversely affected. 
The Group faces risks related to its acquisitions and divestitures 
The Group has acquired and sold several companies and businesses over the past few years (see Note 3 of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements). On November 15, 2021, BBVA announced its decision to launch a voluntary 
takeover offer ("VTO") for the entire share capital of Garanti not already owned by BBVA. On May 18, 2022, 
BBVA announced the end of the offer acceptance period and the acquisition of an additional 36.12 per cent. (up 
to 85.97 per cent.). 
The Group may not complete any ongoing or future transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis or 
at all and, if completed, they may not obtain the expected results. In addition, if completed, the Group’s results of 
operations could be adversely affected by divestiture or acquisition-related charges and contingencies. The Group 
may be subject to litigation in connection with, or as a result of, divestitures or acquisitions, including claims from 
terminated employees, customers or third parties. In the case of an acquisition, the Group may be liable for 
potential or existing litigation and claims related to an acquired business, including because either the Group is 
not indemnified for such claims or the indemnification is insufficient. Further, in the case of a divestiture, the 
Group may be required to indemnify the buyer in respect of similar or other matters, including claims against the 
divested entity or business. 
In the case of an acquisition, even though the Group reviews the companies it plans to acquire, it is often not 
possible for these reviews to be complete in all respects and there may be risks associated with unforeseen events 
or liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses that may not have been revealed or properly assessed 
during the due diligence processes, resulting in the Group assuming unforeseen liabilities or an acquisition not 
performing as expected. In addition, acquisitions are inherently risky because of the difficulties that may arise in 
integrating people, operations and technologies. There can be no assurance that any of the businesses the Group 
acquires can be successfully integrated or that they will perform well once integrated.  
Acquisitions may also lead to potential write-downs that adversely affect the Group’s results of operations. Any 
of the foregoing may cause the Group to incur significant unexpected expenses, may divert significant resources 
and management attention from the Group’s other business concerns, or may otherwise have a material adverse 
impact on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 17 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
17 
 
 
The Group faces risks derived from its international geographic diversification and its significant presence in 
emerging countries. The Group’s ability to distribute dividends depends, in part, on the receipt of dividends 
from its subsidiaries 
The Group is made up of commercial banks, insurance companies and other financial services companies in 
various countries and its performance as a global business depends on its ability to manage its different businesses 
under various economic, social and political conditions, facing different normative and regulatory requirements 
in many of the jurisdictions in which it operates (including, among others, different supervisory regimes and 
different tax and legal regimes related to the repatriation of funds or the nationalisation or expropriation of assets).  
In addition, the Group's international operations may face risks and challenges to which its local competitors may 
not be exposed, such as currency risk (as of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and 2020, approximately 
43.9 per cent., 41.5 per cent. and 46.4 per cent. of the assets respectively and 40.7 per cent. 37.8 per cent. and 44.1 
per cent. of the Group's liabilities, respectively, were denominated in currencies other than euro), the difficulty of 
managing or supervising a local entity from abroad, political risks (which could affect only foreign investors) or 
limitations on the distribution or repatriation of dividends (for example, BBVA’s Venezuelan and Argentinean 
subsidiaries (whose book value is €77 and €1240 million as of March 31, 2022 and €78 million and €1,130 million, 
respectively, as of December 31, 2021) is subject to certain restrictions and there is no assurance that further 
restrictions will not be imposed, thus worsening its position compared to that of local competitors. 
In 2021, dividend income from its subsidiaries represented €1,699 million, approximately 22.7 per cent. of the 
gross margin of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. There has been an increase of 36.5 per cent. compared to 
2020. Due, in part, to the Group's decision to follow a 'Multiple Point of Entry' strategy, in accordance with the 
framework for the resolution of financial entities designed by the Financial Stability Board (FSB), the Group’s 
subsidiaries are self-sufficient and each subsidiary is responsible for managing its own capital and liquidity. This 
means that the payment of dividends, distributions and advances by the Group’s subsidiaries to BBVA depends 
not only on the results of those subsidiaries, but also on the context of their operations and liquidity needs, and 
may be further limited by legal, regulatory and contractual restrictions. For example, in response to the crisis 
caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, certain restrictions were adopted that affect the distribution and/or 
repatriation of dividends of some of the Group's subsidiaries. There is no assurance that these restrictions will not 
remain in effect or, where lifted, reinstated, or that similar or new restrictions will not be imposed in the future. 
Furthermore, the Bank's right, as a shareholder, to participate in the distribution of assets resulting from the 
eventual liquidation or any reorganisation of its subsidiaries will be effectively subordinated to the rights of the 
creditors of those subsidiaries, including their commercial creditors. 
In addition, the Bank, its subsidiaries and the Group must comply with certain capital requirements, where non-
compliance could lead to the imposition of restrictions or prohibitions on making any: (i) distributions relating to 
common equity tier (CET1) capital; (ii) payments related to variable remuneration or discretionary pension 
benefits; and (iii) distributions linked to additional tier 1 (AT1) instruments (collectively, discretionary payments). 
Likewise, the ability of the Bank and its subsidiaries to pay dividends is conditioned by the recommendations and 
requirements of their respective supervisors, such as those made in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. In this 
regard, on April 30, 2020, the Bank announced that it had agreed to modify, for the financial year 2020, the 
Group's shareholder remuneration policy and was not paying any amount as a dividend corresponding to the 
financial year 2020 until the uncertainties generated by the COVID-19 pandemic dissipate and, in any case, not 
before the close of the 2020 fiscal year. However, in accordance with the distribution restrictions established by 
the ECB in relation to the consolidated results of 2020, the General Shareholders' Meeting, held on April 20, 2021, 
approved, in the third point of its agenda, a cash distribution charged to the share premium account for an amount 
of €0.059 gross per share as remuneration to the shareholder in relation to the Group's result in 2020 for each of 
the shares in circulation, which was paid on April 29, 2021. On July 23, 2021, the European Central Bank 
published the approval of recommendation ECB/2021/31 repealing recommendation ECB/2020/62 from 
September 30, 2021, eliminating the remaining restrictions on dividend and share buyback related matters 
established in recommendation ECB/2020/62. However, it is not possible to guarantee that new restrictions or 
recommendations from supervisors will not limit the ability of our subsidiaries or the Bank itself to distribute 
dividends in the future. The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on September 30, 2021, approved the payment 
in cash of €0.08 gross per BBVA share on October 12, 2021, as interim dividend against 2021 results. 
Additionally, the Annual General Meeting of BBVA held on March 18, 2022, approved a cash distribution for a 
gross amount equal to €0.23 per BBVA share entitled to participate in this distribution, which was paid on April 
8, 2022. 
There can be no guarantee that the Group will be successful in developing and implementing policies and 
strategies in all of the countries in which it operates, some of which have experienced significant economic, 
political and social volatility in recent decades. In particular, the Group has significant operations in several

--- Page 18 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
18 
 
 
emerging countries, such as Mexico and Türkiye, and is therefore vulnerable to the deterioration of these 
economies. Emerging markets are generally affected by the conditions of other commercially or financially related 
markets and by the evolution of global financial markets in general (they may be affected, for example, by the 
evolution of interest rates in the United States and the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar), as well as, in some cases, 
by fluctuations in the prices of commodities. The perception that the risks associated with investing in emerging 
economies have increased, in general, or in emerging markets where the Group operates, in particular, could 
reduce capital flows to those economies and adversely affect such economies and therefore the Group. Moreover, 
emerging countries are more prone to experience significant changes in inflation and foreign exchange rates, 
which may have a material impact on the Group’s results of operations, assets (including RWAs) and liabilities. 
As of December 31, 2021, the estimated sensitivities of the result attributable to the owners of the parent company, 
taking into account the coverage against depreciations and appreciations of 1 per cent. of the average foreign 
exchange rate in the Mexican peso and Turkish lira was €14 million and €5 million, respectively. To the extent 
that hedging positions are periodically modulated, the sensitivity estimate attempts to reflect an average (or 
effective) sensitivity in the year against depreciations and appreciations. 
The Group's operations in emerging countries are also exposed to heightened political risks, such as changes in 
governmental policies, expropriation, nationalisation, interest rate limits, exchange controls, government 
restrictions on dividends and adverse tax policies. For example, the repatriation of dividends from BBVA’s 
Venezuelan, Argentinian and Turkish subsidiaries is subject to certain restrictions and there is no assurance that 
further restrictions will not be imposed. 
If the Group failed to adopt effective and timely policies and strategies in response to the risks and challenges it 
faces in each of the regions where it operates, particularly in emerging countries, the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
The Group is exposed to various risks in connection with climate change 
Climate change presents both immediate and long-term risks to the Group and its customers, with the risks 
expected to increase over time. Climate change poses the following risks to the Group, among others: 
 
Physical risks. The activities of the Groups or those of its customers or counterparties could be negatively 
impacted by the physical risks posed by climate change. For example, extreme weather events may 
damage or destroy their properties and other assets or otherwise disrupt their operations (for example, if 
supply chains are disrupted as a result), diminishing –in the case of customers- their repayment capacity 
and, if applicable, the value of properties pledged as collateral to the Group. 
 
Regulatory risks. Following the Paris agreement, financial institutions are progressively coming under 
increased pressure regarding the management and disclosure of their climate risks and related lending 
and investment activities. Banking regulators across the world are increasingly viewing financial 
institutions as having an important role in helping to address the risks related to climate change both 
directly and with respect to their customers. Legislative or regulatory changes regarding how banks 
manage climate risk or otherwise affecting banking practices may result in higher regulatory, compliance 
and credit costs. For example, several of the European Union’s sustainability initiatives are expected to 
significantly impact asset management activities in 2022, as asset managers will need to include 
sustainability as part of their financial advice. In addition, the ECB will be conducting a stress test on 
climate-related risks (CST) during 2022, whose output will be integrated into the annual Supervisory 
Review and Examination Process (“SREP”) using a qualitative approach. The test aims to identify 
vulnerabilities, industry best practices and the challenges faced by banks and may result in increased 
regulation.  
 
Reputational risks. The perception of climate change as a risk by society, shareholders, customers, 
governments and other stakeholders continues to increase, including in relation to the financial sector’s 
operations and strategy. This may result in increased scrutiny of the Group’s activities, including 
companies to which it lends. The Group’s reputation may be harmed if its efforts to reduce environmental 
and social risks are deemed to be insufficient. For example, the Group’s reputation may be adversely 
affected due to its financing of businesses that are perceived to adversely affect the environment, such as 
oil companies or coal-fired power generation businesses. 
 
Transition risks: As the countries where the Group operates progressively transition to a low-carbon 
economy, some of the Group’s customers may be adversely affected. For example, the Group’s corporate 
credit portfolios include carbon-intensive industries like oil and gas and power that are exposed to risks 
related to the transition to a low-carbon economy, as well as low-carbon industries that may be subject 
to risks associated with new technologies.

--- Page 19 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
19 
 
 
 
Business risks. BBVA is exposed to near term risks related to climate change, including increases in 
credit-related costs due to deterioration in the business performance of the Group’s customers exposed 
to climate change risks and decreases in the value of collateral assets caused by changes in climate and 
the effects thereof. BBVA is also exposed to potential long-term risks, including increases in credit-
related costs due to deteriorating macroeconomic conditions, which may be caused in part by an increase 
in infectious diseases, heatstroke or other related ailments resulting from climate change. The Group 
could also be adversely affected by widespread declines in asset values as a result of climate change or 
climate change-related risks, reduced availability of insurance and significant interruptions to business 
operations, and may be required to change its business models in response to those consequences. 
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and the 
operating results of operations. 
2.3 
Financial Risks 
The Group has a continuous demand for liquidity to finance its activities and the withdrawal of deposits or 
other sources of liquidity could significantly affect it 
Traditionally, one of the Group's main sources of financing has been savings accounts and demand deposits. As 
of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the balance of customer deposits represented 72 per cent. and 72 per 
cent. of the Group's total financial liabilities at amortised cost. However, the volume of wholesale and retail 
deposits can fluctuate significantly, including as a result of factors beyond the Group's control, such as general 
economic conditions, changes in economic policy or administrative decisions that diminish their attractiveness as 
savings instruments (for example, as a consequence of changes in taxation, coverage by guarantee funds for 
deposits or expropriations) or competition from other savings or investment instruments (including deposits from 
other banks). 
Likewise, changes in interest rates and credit spreads may significantly affect the cost of the Group’s short and 
long-term wholesale financing. Changes in credit spreads are driven by market factors and are also influenced by 
the market’s perception of the Group's solvency. As of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, debt Notes issued 
by the Group represented 10.6 per cent. and 11.4 per cent. of the total financial liabilities at amortised cost of the 
Group. 
In addition, the Group has made and continues to make significant use of public sources of liquidity, such as the 
ECB’s extraordinary measures taken in response to the financial crisis since 2008 or those taken in connection 
with the crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The ECB announced in December 2020 the new conditions 
of its Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operations (TLTRO) III program, increasing the maximum amount that 
BBVA may receive from 50 per cent. of eligible loans (€35,310 million) to 55 per cent. (€38,840 million) and 
extending the enhanced conditions in terms of cost by one additional year until June 2022. As of March 31, 2022 
and December 31, 2021, BBVA had drawn down €38,692 million (€35,032 million was drawn down as of 
December 31, 2020 and €7,000 million as of December 31, 2019). However, the conditions of this or other 
programs could be revised or these programs could be cancelled. 
As of December 31, 2021, the Loan-to-Stable Customer Deposits ratio (LtSCD) in the BBVA Group is 95 per 
cent. This ratio measures the relationship between net lending and stable customer funds. 
In the event of a withdrawal of deposits or other sources of liquidity, especially if it is sudden or unexpected, the 
Group may not be able to finance its financial obligations or meet the minimum liquidity requirements that apply 
to it, and may be forced to incur higher financial costs, liquidate assets and take additional measures to reduce 
leverage. Furthermore, the Group could be subject to the adoption of early intervention measures or, ultimately, 
to the adoption of a resolution measure by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority (as defined below). Any of 
the above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations.  
The Group depends on its credit ratings and sovereign credit ratings, especially its Spanish ratings 
Rating agencies periodically review the Group's debt credit ratings. Any reduction, effective or anticipated, in any 
such ratings of the Group, whether below investment grade or otherwise, could limit or impair the Group's access 
to capital markets and other possible sources of liquidity and increase the Group’s financing cost, and entail the 
breach or early termination of certain contracts or give rise to additional obligations under those contracts, such 
as the need to grant additional guarantees. The Group estimates that if at 31 March, 2022 and at December 31, 
2021, rating agencies had downgraded the Bank’s long-term senior debt rating by one notch, it would have had to 
provide additional guarantees/collateral amounting to €34.8 and €38.2 million, respectively, under its derivative 
and other financial contracts. A hypothetical two-notch downgrade would have involved an outlay of €58.6 and

--- Page 20 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
20 
 
 
€44.1 million, respectively, in additional guarantees/collateral. Furthermore, if the Group were required to cancel 
its derivative contracts with some of its counterparties and were unable to replace them, its market risk would 
worsen. Likewise, a reduction in the credit rating could affect the Group's ability to sell or market some of its 
products or to participate in certain transactions, and could lead to the loss of customer deposits and make third 
parties less willing to carry out commercial transactions with the Group (especially those that require a minimum 
credit rating), having a significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Furthermore, the Group's credit ratings could be affected by variations in sovereign credit ratings, particularly the 
rating of Spanish sovereign debt. The Group holds a significant portfolio of debt issued by the Kingdom of Spain, 
by the Spanish autonomous communities and by other Spanish issuers. As of December 31, 2021 and December 
31, 2020, the Group's exposure (EBA criteria) to the Kingdom of Spain's public debt portfolio was €38,626 and 
€45,814 million, respectively, representing 5.8 per cent. and 6.2 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the 
Group, respectively. Any decrease in the credit rating of the Kingdom of Spain could adversely affect the valuation 
of the respective debt portfolios held by the Group and lead to a reduction in the Group's credit ratings. 
Additionally, counterparties to many of the credit agreements signed with the Group could also be affected by a 
decrease in the credit rating of the Kingdom of Spain, which could limit their ability to attract additional resources 
or otherwise affect their ability to pay their outstanding obligations to the Group. The Group's exposure to the 
public debt portfolio of the Rest of Europe, Mexico and Türkiye as of December 31, 2021 was €8,336, €32,445 
and €5,827 million (as of December 31, 2020 it was €7,128, €26,535 and €7,547 million), representing 1.3 per 
cent., 4.9 per cent. and 0.9 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Group, respectively (as of December 
31, 2020 it was 1 per cent., 3.6 per cent. and 1 per cent.). Downgrades and rating revisions for these countries 
would therefore also have an impact on the Group's financial position. 
As a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, some rating agencies reviewed the Group's credit ratings or trends. 
Specifically, on June 22, 2020 Fitch announced the modification of BBVA’s senior preferred debt long term rating 
to A- with stable outlook from A with Rating Watch Negative. In June 2021, Fitch affirmed BBVA’s rating at A- 
and maintained its stable outlook. On April 1, 2020, DBRS Ratings GmbH (DBRS) confirmed BBVA's long-term 
rating of A (High) and maintained the outlook as stable. In March 2021, DBRS affirmed BBVA’s rating at A 
(High) and maintained its stable outlook. In December 2021 S&P upgraded BBVA's rating by one notch to A 
from A-, and changed its rating outlook to negative, considering that a sizeable cushion of bail-unable instruments 
has been issued, and following a methodological update that recognises the strength of the Multiple Point of Entry 
(MPE) resolution strategy. Moody’s A3 rating has been maintained with stable outlook since May 2018. There 
may be more ratings actions and changes in BBVA’s credit ratings in the future as a result of the crisis caused by 
the COVID-19 pandemic, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
2.4 
Legal, Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks 
The financial services sector is one of the most regulated in the world. 
Legal Risks 
The Group is party to a number of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings 
The financial sector faces an environment of increasing regulatory and litigation pressure. The Group is party to 
government procedures and investigations, such as those carried out by the antitrust authorities which, among 
other things, have in the past and could in the future result in sanctions, as well as lead to claims by customers and 
others. 
The various Group entities are also frequently party to individual or collective judicial proceedings (including 
class actions) resulting from their activity and operations, as well as arbitration proceedings. More generally, in 
recent years, regulators have increased their supervisory focus on consumer protection and corporate behaviour, 
which has resulted in a larger number of regulatory actions. 
In Spain and in other jurisdictions where the Group operates, legal and regulatory actions and proceedings against 
financial institutions, prompted in part by certain recent national and supranational rulings in favour of consumers 
(with regards to matters such as credit cards and mortgage loans), have increased significantly in recent years and 
this trend could continue in the future. The legal and regulatory actions and proceedings faced by other financial 
institutions in relation to these and other matters, especially if such actions or proceedings result in favourable 
resolutions for the consumer, could also adversely affect the Group.  
All of the above may result in a significant increase in operating and compliance costs and/ or a reduction in 
revenues, and it is possible that an adverse outcome in any proceedings (depending on the amount thereof, the

--- Page 21 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
21 
 
 
penalties imposed or the resulting procedural or management costs for the Group) could materially and adversely 
affect the Group, including by damaging its reputation. 
It is difficult to predict the outcome of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings, both those to which the Group 
is currently exposed and those that may arise in the future, including actions and proceedings relating to former 
Group subsidiaries or in respect of which the Group may have indemnification obligations. Any of such outcomes 
could be significantly adverse to the Group. In addition, a decision in any matter, whether against the Group or 
against another credit entity facing similar claims as those faced by the Group, could give rise to other claims 
against the Group. In addition, these actions and proceedings draw resources away from the Group and may 
require significant attention on the part of the Group's management and employees. 
As of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Group had €628 and €623 million in provisions for the 
proceedings it is facing (which are included in the line item "Provisions for taxes and other legal contingencies" 
in the consolidated balance sheet) of which €537 million (€533 million as of December 31, 2021) corresponded 
to legal contingencies and €90 million (€90 million as of December 31, 2021) corresponded to tax related 
contingencies. Most of these provisions for legal contingencies correspond to the Bank and its subsidiaries 
registered in Spain, which account for approximately 80 per cent. of these provisions. However, the uncertainty 
arising from these proceedings (including those for which no provisions have been made, either because it is not 
possible to estimate any such provisions or for other reasons) makes it impossible to guarantee that the possible 
losses arising from such proceedings will not exceed, where applicable, the amounts that the Group currently has 
provisioned and, therefore, could affect the Group's consolidated results. 
As a result of the above, legal and regulatory actions and proceedings currently faced by the Group or to which it 
may become subject in the future or which may otherwise affect the Group, whether individually or in the 
aggregate, if resolved in whole or in part adversely to the Group´s interests, could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Spanish judicial authorities are carrying out a criminal investigation relating to possible bribery, 
revelation of secrets and corruption by the Bank. 
Spanish judicial authorities are investigating the activities of Centro Exclusivo de Negocios y Transacciones, S.L. 
(Cenyt). Such investigation includes the provision of services by Cenyt to the Bank. On July 29, 2019, the Bank 
was named as an investigated party (investigado) in a criminal judicial investigation (Preliminary Proceeding No. 
96/2017 – Piece No. 9, Central Investigating Court No. 6 of the National High Court) for alleged facts which 
could constitute bribery, revelation of secrets and corruption. On February 3, 2020, the Bank was notified by the 
Central Investigating Court No. 6 of the National High Court of the order lifting the secrecy of the proceedings.  
Certain current and former officers and employees of the Group, as well as former directors, have also been named 
as investigated parties in connection with this investigation. The Bank has been and continues to be proactively 
collaborating with the Spanish judicial authorities, including sharing with the courts information obtained in the 
internal investigation hired by the Bank in 2019 to contribute to the clarification of the facts. As at the date of this 
Prospectus, no formal accusation against the Bank has been made. This criminal judicial proceeding is in the pre-
trial phase. Therefore, it is not possible at this time to predict the scope or duration of such proceeding or any 
related proceeding or its or their possible outcomes or implications for the Group, including any fines, damages 
or harm to the Group’s reputation caused thereby. 
Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks 
The financial services sector is one of the most regulated sectors in the world.  
The Group is subject to a comprehensive regulatory and supervisory framework, including resolution 
regulations, which could have a significant adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations 
The Group is subject to a comprehensive regulatory and supervisory framework, the complexity and scope of 
which has increased significantly since the previous financial crisis and which could further increase as a result 
of the crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, the banking sector is subject to continuous scrutiny 
at the political level and by the supervisory bodies, and it is foreseeable that in the future there will continue to be 
political intervention in regulatory and supervisory processes, as well as in the governance of the main financial 
entities. For this reason, the laws, regulations and policies to which the Group is subject, as well as their 
interpretation and application, may change at any time. In addition, supervisors and regulators have significant 
discretion in carrying out their duties, which gives rise to uncertainty regarding the interpretation and 
implementation of the regulatory framework. Moreover, regulatory fragmentation and the implementation by 
some countries of more flexible or stricter rules or regulations could also negatively affect the Group's ability to

--- Page 22 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
22 
 
 
compete with financial institutions that may or may not have to comply with any such rules or regulations, as 
applicable. 
Regulatory changes over the last decade, as well as those currently in the pipeline (including changes in the 
interpretation or application of existing regulations), have increased and may continue to substantially increase 
the Group's operating expenses and adversely affect its business model. For example, the imposition of prudential 
capital standards has limited and is expected to continue to limit the ability of subsidiaries to distribute capital to 
the Bank, while liquidity standards may lead the Group to hold a higher proportion of financial instruments with 
higher liquidity and lower performance, which can adversely affect its net interest margin. In addition, the Group's 
regulatory and supervisory authorities may require the Group to review or make impairments to the value of its 
assets, which could have an adverse effect on its financial condition. It is also possible that governments and 
regulators impose additional ad hoc measures in response to the crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Such 
measures have included the imposition on credit institutions of the obligation to provide financing to various 
entities both private (particularly SMEs) and public entities (including for example, the Fund for the Deposit 
Guarantee ("FGD") (Fondo de Garantía de Depósitos) or the Single Resolution Board ("SRB").  
Any legislative or regulatory measure, any necessary change in the Group's business operations, as a consequence 
of such measures, as well as any failure to comply with them, could result in a significant loss of income, represent 
a limitation on the ability of the Group to take advantage of business opportunities and offer certain products and 
services, affect the value of the Group's assets, force the Group to increase prices (which could reduce the demand 
for its products), impose additional regulatory compliance costs or result in other possible adverse effects for the 
Group. 
One of the most significant regulatory changes resulting from the prior financial crisis, was the introduction of 
resolution regulations, which provides a Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority with mechanisms and instruments 
to intervene sufficiently early and rapidly where they determine a credit institution or investment firm as failing 
or likely to fail. In the event that the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority considers that the Group is in a 
situation where conditions for early intervention or resolution are met, it may adopt the measures provided for in 
the applicable resolution regulations, including without prior notice. Likewise, the Relevant Spanish Resolution 
Authority also has the power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments at the point of 
non-viability (the "Non-Viability Loss-Absorption Powers") in the event that it determines that the entity meets 
the conditions for its resolution or that it will become unfeasible unless such mechanism is applied. 
Any such determination or the mere possibility that such determination could be made, could materially and 
adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as the market price 
and behaviour of certain Notes issued by the Group (or their terms, in the event of an exercise of any Non-Viability 
Loss-Absorption Powers. For more information. 
Increasingly onerous capital and liquidity requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations 
In its capacity as a Spanish credit institution, the Group is subject to compliance with a “Pillar 1” solvency 
requirement, a “Pillar 2” solvency requirement and a “combined buffer requirement”, at both the individual and 
consolidated levels. On February 3, 2022, BBVA announced that as a result of the latest Supervisory Review and 
Evaluation Process (SREP) carried out by the ECB, the ECB had communicated its determination of a “Pillar 2” 
requirement for BBVA of 1.5 per cent., applicable at an individual and consolidated level, of which at least 0.84 
per cent. must be satisfied with CET1. Such “Pillar 2” requirement remains at the same level as determined by the 
ECB in the previous SREP. Therefore, BBVA must have maintained from March 1, 2022, at a consolidated level, 
a CET1 ratio of 8.60 per cent. and a total capital ratio of 12.76 per cent. and, at an individual level, a CET1 ratio 
of 7.85 per cent. and a total capital ratio of 12.01 per cent. As of March 31, 20221 and December 31, 20212, the 
Group’s phased-in total capital ratio was 16.82 per cent. and 17.24 per cent. on a consolidated basis and 19 per 
cent. and 19.64 per cent. on an individual basis, and its CET1 phased-in capital ratio was 12.81 per cent. and 12.98 
per cent. on a consolidated basis and 13.76 per cent. and 14.14 per cent. on an individual basis, and the Group’s 
fully loaded total capital ratio was 16.71 per cent. and 16.99 per cent. on a consolidated basis and 19.10 per cent. 
and 19.68 per cent. on an individual basis, while the Group's fully loaded CET1 ratio was 12.70 per cent. and 
12.75 per cent. on a consolidated basis and 13.71 per cent. and 14.11 per cent. on an individual basis.  
                                                          
1 Updated figure. Source: "Prudential Relevance Report First quarter 2022 published on BBVA's corporate website ("Pilar III Q122") 
2 Updated figure. Source: "Prudential Relevance Report for the year 2021" filed on the CNMV on March 11 and with registration number 
14972 ("Prudential Relevance Report" of 2021, Pillar III Basel)

--- Page 23 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
23 
 
 
Such ratios exceed the applicable regulatory requirements described above, but there can be no assurance that the 
total capital requirements imposed on the Bank and/or the Group from time to time may not be higher than the 
levels of capital available at such point in time. There can also be no assurance as to the result of any future SREP 
carried out by the ECB and whether this will impose any further additional “Pillar 2” own funds requirements on 
the Bank and/or the Group. 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, the Bank, as a Spanish credit institution, must also maintain a minimum level 
of own funds and eligible liabilities (the MREL requirement). On March 8, 2022, the Bank announced that it had 
received a communication from the Bank of Spain of its new MREL requirement, as determined by the SRB, 
repealing and superseding the previous MREL requirement communicated in May 2021. In accordance with this 
new communication, BBVA has to maintain, as of January 1, 2022, a volume of own funds and eligible liabilities 
equal to 21.46 per cent. of the total RWAs of its resolution group (the MREL in RWAs), of which 13.5 per cent. 
of the total RWAs of BBVA’s resolution group has to be fulfilled with subordinated instruments (the MREL 
RWAs subordination requirement). The MREL in RWAs and the MREL RWAs subordination requirement do 
not include the combined capital buffer requirement which, according to applicable regulations and supervisory 
criteria, is currently 3.26 per cent. (setting the MREL in RWAs including the combined capital buffer requirement 
at 24.72 per cent. and the MREL RWAs subordination requirement including the combined capital buffer 
requirement at 16.76 per cent.). As of March 31, 20221 and December 31, 20212, the own funds and eligible 
liabilities of the resolution group corresponds to 27.59 per cent.1 and 28.24 per cent. of its RWAs, and the own 
funds and subordinated eligible liabilities corresponds to 24.05 per cent.1 and 24.65 per cent. 
In addition, BBVA had to reach, by January 1, 2022, an amount of own funds and eligible liabilities in terms of 
the total exposure considered for calculating the leverage ratio equal to 7.50 per cent. (the MREL in LR) of which 
5.84 per cent. in terms of the total exposure considered for calculating the leverage ratio shall be satisfied with 
subordinated instruments (the MREL in LR subordination requirement).  
As of March 31, 20221 and December 31, 20212, the resolution group has own funds and eligible liabilities of 
10.80 per cent.1 and 11.31 per cent. and subordinated own funds and eligible liabilities of 9.41 per cent.1 and 9.88 
per cent., in terms of total exposure taken into account for the calculation of the leverage ratio. As of January 1, 
2024, the minimum ratios to be met are the same as for 2022, except in the case of the subordination requirement 
of the MREL in RA, which will be 5.91 per cent. 
The BBVA resolution group consists of the Bank and its subsidiaries belonging to the same European resolution 
group and, as of June 30, 2021, the RWAs of the resolution group amounted to €190,377 million and the total 
exposure considered for calculating the leverage ratio amounted to €452,275 million. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, no MREL Pillar 2 requirement has been imposed on BBVA and the Bank complies with the MREL 
in RWAs, the MREL RWAs subordination requirement, the MREL in LR and the MREL in LR subordination 
requirement. 
However, both the capital and the MREL requirements, the own funds and the eligible liabilities available for 
MREL purposes are subject to interpretation and change and, therefore, no assurance can be given that the Group’s 
interpretation is the appropriate one or that the Bank and/or the Group will not be subject to more stringent 
requirements at any future time. Likewise, no assurance can be given that the Bank and/or the Group will be able 
to fulfil whatever future requirements may be imposed, even if such requirements were to be equal or lower than 
those currently in force. There can also be no assurances as to the ability of the Bank and/or the Group to comply 
with any capital target announced to the market at any given time, which could be adversely perceived by investors 
and/or supervisors, who could interpret that a lack of capital-generating capacity for the Bank and/or the Group 
exists or that the capital structure has deteriorated, either of which could adversely affect the market value or 
behaviour of Notes issued by the Bank and/or the Group (any of its capital instruments and eligible liabilities) 
and, therefore, lead to the implementation of new recommendations or requirements regarding “Pillar 2” or 
(should the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority interpret that obstacles may exist for the viability of the 
resolution of the Bank and/or the Group) MREL. Further, the Bank and/or the Group may report amounts different 
from consensus estimates, as occurred with respect to the CET 1 ratios of the Bank and the Group as of December 
31, 2021, which may also affect market perceptions of the Bank and the Group. 
If the Bank or the Group failed to comply with its “combined buffer requirement” it would have to calculate the 
Maximum Distributable Amount (MDA) and, until such calculation has been undertaken and reported to the Bank 
of Spain, the affected entity would not be able to make any discretionary payments. Once the MDA has been 
calculated and reported, such discretionary payments would be limited to the calculated MDA. Likewise, should 
the Bank or the Group not meet the applicable capital requirements, it could result in the imposition of additional 
requirements of “Pillar 2”. Regarding MREL, failure by the Bank or the Group to meet its respective “combined 
buffer requirement” for these purposes, taken together with its MREL requirement, could result in the imposition

--- Page 24 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
24 
 
 
of restrictions or prohibitions on discretionary payments. Additionally, failure to comply with the capital 
requirements may result in the implementation of early intervention measures or, ultimately, resolution measures 
by the resolution authorities. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of May 20, 2019 (as amended, replaced 
or supplemented at any time, CRR II) establishes a binding requirement for the leverage ratio effective from June 
28, 2021 of 3 per cent. of Tier 1 capital (as of March 31, 20223 and December 31, 20214, the phased-in leverage 
ratio of the Group was 6.74 per cent. and 6.80 per cent. and fully loaded it was 6.69 per cent. in both periods). 
Any failure to comply with this leverage ratio buffer may also result in the need to calculate and report the MDA, 
and restrictions on discretionary payments. Moreover, CRR II proposes new requirements that capital instruments 
must meet in order to be considered AT1 or Tier 2 instruments, including certain grandfathering measures until 
28th June, 2025. Once the grandfathering period in CRR II has elapsed, AT1 and/or Tier 2 instruments which do 
not comply with the new requirements at such date will no longer be considered as capital instruments. As March 
31, 2022, there is no amount included under the grandfathering regime established by the CRR in MREL. As of 
December 31, 2021, the amounts included in the phased in capital ratios are €268 million of Tier 2 instruments, 
and €142 million of MREL. This could give rise to shortfalls in regulatory capital and, ultimately, could result in 
failure to comply with the applicable minimum regulatory capital requirements, with the aforementioned 
consequences. 
Additionally, the implementation of the ECB expectations regarding prudential provisions for NPLs (published 
on May 15, 2018) and the ECB’s review of internal models being used by banks subject to its supervision for the 
calculation of their RWAs (TRIMs) could result, respectively, in the need to increase provisions for future NPLs 
and increases in the Group’s capital needs. 
Furthermore, the implementation of the Basel III reforms could result in an increase of the Bank’s and the Group’s 
total RWAs and, therefore, could also result in a decrease of the Bank’s and the Group’s capital ratios. Likewise, 
the lack of uniformity in the implementation of the Basel III reforms across jurisdictions in terms of timing and 
applicable regulations could give rise to inequalities and competition distortions. Moreover, the lack of regulatory 
coordination, with some countries bringing forward the application of Basel III requirements or increasing such 
requirements, could adversely affect an entity with global operations such as the Group and could affect its 
profitability. 
Additionally, the Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) requirements published by the FSB, are currently only 
imposed upon financial institutions of global systemic importance (G-SIBs) and propose that global systemic 
importance ("G-SIBs") maintain significant minimum amounts of liabilities that are subordinated (by law, contract 
or structurally) to certain prior-ranking liabilities, such as guaranteed insured deposits. Should these requirements 
become applicable on non-G-SIBs entities or should the Group once again be classified as a G-SIB, additional 
minimum requirements similar to MREL could in the future be imposed upon the Group. 
There can be no assurance that the above capital requirements or MREL will not adversely affect the Bank’s or 
its subsidiaries’ ability to make discretionary payments, or result in the cancellation of such payments (in whole 
or in part), or require the Bank or such subsidiaries to issue additional Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities or 
regulatory capital, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, any of which may have 
adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, an increase in 
capital requirements could adversely affect the return on equity and other of the Group’s financial results 
indicators. Moreover, the Bank’s or the Group’s failure to comply with their capital requirements and MREL 
could have a significant adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Lastly, the Group must also comply with liquidity and funding ratios. Several elements of the liquidity coverage 
ratio (LCR) and net stable financing ratio (NSFR) (defined in the result of the quantity of stable funding available 
and the amount of stable funding required), as introduced by national banking regulators and fulfilled by the 
Group, may require implementing changes in some of its commercial practices, which could expose the Group to 
additional expenses (including an increase in compliance expenses), affect the profitability of its activities or 
otherwise lead to a significant adverse effect over the Group’s business, financial condition or results of 
operations. As of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Group's LCR was 152 per cent. and 165 per cent. 
and its NSFR was 135 per cent. and 135 per cent. respectively.  
                                                          
3 Updated figure. Source: "Prudential Relevance Report First quarter 2022 published on BBVA's corporate website ("Pilar III Q122") 
4 Updated figure. Source: "Prudential Relevance Report for the year 2021" filed on the CNMV on March 11 and with registration number 
14972 ("Prudential Relevance Report" of 2021, Pillar III Basel)

--- Page 25 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
25 
 
 
The Group is exposed to tax risks that may adversely affect it 
The size, geographic diversity and complexity of the Group and its commercial and financial relationships with 
both third parties and related parties result in the need to consider, evaluate and interpret a considerable number 
of tax laws and regulations, as well as any relevant interpretative materials, which in turn involve the use of 
estimates, the interpretation of indeterminate legal concepts and the determination of appropriate valuations in 
order to comply with the tax obligations of the Group. In particular, the preparation of the Group's tax returns and 
the process for establishing tax provisions involve the use of estimates and interpretations of tax laws and 
regulations, which are complex and subject to review by the tax authorities. Any error or discrepancy with tax 
authorities in any of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates may give rise to prolonged administrative or 
judicial proceedings that may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations. 
In addition, governments in different jurisdictions are seeking to identify new funding sources, and, they have 
recently focused on the financial sector. The Group's presence in various jurisdictions increases its exposure to 
regulatory and interpretative changes, which could, among other things, lead to (i) an increase in the types of tax 
to which the Group is subject, including in response to the demands of various political forces such as the 
regulation of a minimum effective tax rate introduced in the Spanish Corporate Income Tax Law and the Non-
Residents Income Tax Law by Law 22/2021, of December 28, on the General State Budget for 2022, with effects 
as of January 1, 2022 (i.e. the minimum net tax liability is 18 per cent. of the tax base for credit institutions), (ii) 
changes in the calculation of tax bases, and exemptions therefrom, such as provided in the Spanish Corporate 
Income Tax Law (as defined herein) to limit the exemption for dividends and capital gains from domestic and 
foreign subsidiaries to 95 per cent., which would mean that 5 per cent. of the dividends and capital gains of Group 
companies in Spain will be subject to, and not exempt from corporate tax or, (iii) the creation of new taxes, like 
the common financial transaction tax (FTT) in the proposed Tax Directive of the European Commission for the 
Financial Transactions Tax (which would tax the acquisitions of certain Notes negotiated in markets where the 
Group operates) and the Spanish FTT which came into effect in Spain in January 2021, may have adverse effects 
on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group.  
The Group is exposed to compliance risks 
The Group, due to its role in the economy and the nature of its activities, is singularly exposed to certain 
compliance risks. In particular, the Group must comply with regulations regarding customer conduct, market 
conduct, the prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorist activities, the protection of personal 
data, the restrictions established by national or international sanctions programs and anti-corruption laws 
(including the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the UK Bribery Act of 2010), the violations of which 
could lead to very significant penalties. These anti-corruption laws generally prohibit providing anything of value 
to government officials for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business or securing any improper business 
advantage. As part of the Group’s business, the Group directly or indirectly, through third parties, deals with 
entities whose employees are considered to be government officials. The Group’s activities are also subject to 
complex customer protection and market integrity regulations. 
Generally, these regulations require banking entities to among other measures, use diligence measures to manage 
compliance risk. Sometimes banking entities must apply reinforced due diligence measures due to the very nature 
of their activities (among others, private banking, money transfer and foreign currency exchange operations), they 
may present a higher risk of money laundering or terrorist financing. 
Although the Group has adopted policies, procedures, systems and other measures to manage compliance risk, it 
is dependent on its employees and external suppliers for the implementation of these policies, procedures, systems 
and other measures and it cannot guarantee that these are sufficient or that the employees (111,402 and 110,432 
as of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) or other persons of the Group or its business partners, 
agents and/or other third parties with a business or professional relationship with BBVA do not circumvent or 
violate current regulations or the Group’s ethics and compliance regulations, acts for which such persons or the 
Group could be held ultimately responsible and/or that could damage the Group's reputation. In particular, acts of 
misconduct by any employee, and particularly by senior management, could erode trust and confidence and 
damage the Group’s reputation among existing and potential clients and other stakeholders. Actual or alleged 
misconduct by Group entities in any number of activities or circumstances, including operations, employment 
related offenses such as sexual harassment and discrimination, regulatory compliance, the use and protection of 
data and systems, and the satisfaction of client expectations, and actions taken by regulators or others in response 
to such misconduct, could lead to among other things, sanctions, fines and reputational damage, any of which 
could lead to a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, the Group may not be able to prevent third parties outside the Group from using the banking network 
in order to launder money or carry out illegal or inappropriate activities. Further, financial crimes continually

--- Page 26 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
26 
 
 
evolve and emerging technologies, such as cryptocurrencies and blockchain, could limit the Group's ability to 
track the movement of funds. Additionally, in adverse economic conditions, it is possible that financial crime 
attempts will increase significantly. 
If there is a breach of the applicable regulations or BBVA’s ethics and compliance regulations or if the competent 
authorities consider that the Group does not perform the necessary due diligence inherent to its activities, such 
authorities could impose limitations on the Group's activities, the revocation of its authorisations and licenses, and 
economic penalties, in addition to having significant consequences for the Group's reputation, which could have 
a significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, 
the Group from time to time conducts investigations related to alleged violations of such regulations and BBVA’s 
ethics and compliance regulations, and any such investigation or any related proceeding could be time consuming 
and costly, and its results difficult to predict. 
Finally, in 2020 the COVID-19 outbreak has led in many countries to new specific regulations, mainly focused 
on consumer protection measures. The difficulties associated with the need to adapt the Group’s processes and 
systems to these new regulations quickly has posed a compliance risk. Likewise, the increase in remote account 
opening driven in part by the pandemic could increase money laundering risks. Additionally, criminals are 
continuing to exploit the opportunities created by the pandemic across the globe and increased money laundering 
risks associated with counterfeiting of medical goods, investment fraud, cyber-crime scams and exploitation of 
economic stimulus measures put in place by governments. Increased strain on the Group’s communications 
surveillance frameworks could in turn raise the Group’s market conduct risk. 
Any attack, failure or deficiency in the Group's systems could, among other things, lead to the misappropriation 
of funds of the Group's clients or the Group itself and the unauthorised disclosure, destruction or use of 
confidential information, as well as preventing the normal operation of the Group, and impair its ability to provide 
services and carry out its internal management. Furthermore, this could result in the loss of customers and business 
opportunities, damage to computers and systems, violation of regulations regarding data protection and/or other 
regulations, exposure to litigation, fines, sanctions or interventions, loss of confidence in the Group's Note 
measures, damage to its reputation, reimbursements and compensation, and additional regulatory compliance 
expenses and could have a significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations.  
2.5 
Operational Risks 
Attacks, failures or deficiencies in the Group's procedures, systems and Note or those of third parties to which 
the Group is exposed could have a significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations, and could be detrimental for its reputation 
The Group's activities depend to a large extent on its ability to process and report effectively and accurately on a 
high volume of highly complex transactions with numerous and diverse products and services (by their nature, 
generally ephemeral), in different currencies and subject to different regulatory regimes. Therefore, it relies on 
highly sophisticated information technology (IT) systems for data transmission, processing and storage. However, 
IT systems are vulnerable to various problems, such as hardware and software malfunctions, computer viruses, 
hacking, and physical damage to IT centres. BBVA's exposure to these risks has increased significantly in recent 
years due to the Group's implementation of its ambitious digital strategy. The Group attracted 8.7 million new 
customers in 2021. As a result of the improvement in digital capacities, customer attraction through digital 
channels has increased steadily over recent years, and in 2021 reached an all-time high at over 3.5 million, 
accounting for 40 per cent. of all new customers. Digital customers at the close of 2021 accounted for 69.4 per 
cent. of the total, at 41.8 million (up 37 per cent. from December 2019). Mobile customers have grown by 42 per 
cent. since December 2019 over the year to 39.7 million and account for 66 per cent. of the total. Digital sales 
now amount to 73 per cent. of the total units sold. Digital services, as well as other alternatives that BBVA offers 
users to become BBVA customers, have become even more important after the COVID-19 outbreak and the 
ensuing restrictions on mobility in the countries in which the Group operates. Currently, one in three new clients 
chooses digital channels to start their relationship with BBVA. Any attack, failure or deficiency in the Group's 
systems could, among other things, lead to the misappropriation of funds of the Group's clients or the Group itself 
and the unauthorised disclosure, destruction or use of confidential information, as well as preventing the normal 
operation of the Group, and impairing its ability to provide services and carry out its internal management. In 
addition, any attack, failure or deficiency could result in the loss of customers and business opportunities, damage 
to computers and systems, violation of regulations regarding data protection and/or other regulations, exposure to 
litigation, fines, sanctions or interventions, loss of confidence in the Group's Note measures, damage to its 
reputation, reimbursements and compensation, and additional regulatory compliance expenses and could have a 
significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, it

--- Page 27 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
27 
 
 
is possible that such attacks, failures or deficiencies will not be detected on time or ever. The Group is likely to 
be forced to spend significant additional resources to improve its Note measures in the future. As cyber-attacks 
are becoming increasingly sophisticated and difficult to prevent, the Group may not be able to anticipate or prevent 
all possible vulnerabilities, nor to implement preventive measures that are effective or sufficient. 
Customers and other third parties to which the Group is significantly exposed, including the Group’s service 
providers (such as data processing companies to which the Group has outsourced certain services), face similar 
risks. Any attack, failure or deficiency that may affect such third parties could, among other things, adversely 
affect the Group’s ability to carry out operations or provide services to its clients or result in the unauthorised 
disclosure, destruction or use of confidential information. Furthermore, the Group may not be aware of such 
attack, failure or deficiency in time, which could limit its ability to react. Moreover, as a result of the increasing 
consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial institutions and technological systems, an attack, 
failure or deficiency that significantly degrades, eliminates or compromises the systems or data of one or more 
financial institutions could have a significant impact on its counterparts or other market participants including the 
Group. 
3. 
Risk Factors relating to the Notes 
3.1 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. 
In addition, an investment in Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes, ETF Linked Notes, 
Fund Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes, EUA Contract Linked Notes, Inflation Linked 
Notes, and Combination Notes may entail significant risks not associated with investments in conventional 
securities such as debt or equity securities, including, but not limited to, the risks set out in "Risk Factors 
associated with Notes that are linked to one or more specific types of Reference Items" below. The Notes are 
complex financial instruments. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment 
will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.  
3.2 
Risk Factors associated with Notes that are linked to one or more specific types of Reference Items  
There are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with an investment 
in Notes issued under the Programme. Such factors will vary depending on the type of Notes issued, in particular 
in relation to Notes in respect of which the interest and/or redemption amount is linked to the value of one or more 
index, share, inflation index, unit, interest or share in a fund, the credit of one or more reference entity, foreign 
exchange rate or the combination of any of the foregoing. 
There are specific risks relating to Equity Linked Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal or the value of the Entitlement (as defined in General 
Condition 6(a)) and/or interest payable is dependent upon the price of or changes in the price of shares or a basket 
of shares (or depositary receipts) or, depending on the price of or change in the price of shares or the basket of 
shares (or depositary receipts), where the Issuer's obligation on redemption is to deliver a specified number of 
shares ("Equity Linked Notes"). Accordingly an investment in Equity Linked Notes may bear similar market 
risks to a direct equity investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Equity Linked Notes 
(i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any 
specified shares and/or depositary receipts may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all 
or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of the share(s) and/or depositary receipt(s) does not move 
in the anticipated direction. In addition, the movements in the price of the share or depositary receipt or basket of 
shares and/or depositary receipts may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant price of the share or shares may 
affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. All these factors 
may affect the investments in the Notes. 
If the amount of principal or entitlement amount deliverable and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction 
with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price

--- Page 28 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
28 
 
 
of the share or shares on principal or interest payable, and therefore on the amount of potential losses incurred, 
will be magnified. See also risk factor "There are risks associated with leveraged exposures" below. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption date, 
the volatility of the share(s) and/or depositary receipt(s), the dividend rate (if any) and the financial results and 
prospects of the issuer or issuers of the relevant share(s) or depositary receipt(s) as well as economic, financial 
and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) on which any such shares or depositary receipts may be traded.  
Equity Linked Notes do not provide the holders with any voting rights or rights to receive dividends, interest or 
other distributions, as applicable, or any other rights with respect to any share, except as may be otherwise 
provided in the Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. See also risk factor "A Noteholder does not have 
rights of ownership in the Reference Item(s)". 
Upon determining that a Potential Adjustment Event, Extraordinary Event or Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred in relation to an underlying share or the issuer of such underlying share, the Calculation Agent has broad 
discretion to make certain determinations to account for such event including to (i) make adjustments to the terms 
of the Notes and/or (ii) (in the case of an Extraordinary Event or an Additional Disruption Event) cause early 
redemption of the Notes, any of which determinations may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes.  
Potential Adjustment Events (as defined in Equity Linked Condition 3) include (a) a sub-division, consolidation 
or re-classification of the relevant shares or a free distribution, or dividend of any such shares to existing holders 
of the relevant shares by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue, (b) a distribution, issue or dividend to 
existing holders of the relevant shares of certain share capital or securities, (c) an extraordinary dividend, (d) a 
call by a Basket Company or Share Company (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as the case may be, in 
respect of relevant shares that are not fully paid (e) a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or 
Share Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be, of relevant shares, (f) in the case of a Basket Company or 
a Share Company an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from 
shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Basket Company or Share Company, (g) any 
adjustment effected as a result of any shareholder rights plan or arrangement described in (f) and (h) any other 
event having a dilutive or concentrative effect on the value of the shares. 
Extraordinary Events (as defined in Equity Linked Condition 3) include (a) a delisting of the shares on an 
exchange, (b) illiquidity (c) an insolvency (where all the shares of the issuer of the underlying shares are 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or similar official or may not be legally transferred) or bankruptcy of the issuer 
of the shares, (d) a listing change; (e) a listing suspension, (f) a merger event entailing the consolidation of the 
shares with those of another entity, (g) a nationalisation of the issuer of the shares or transfer of the shares to a 
governmental entity and (h) a tender offer or takeover offer that results in transfer of the shares to another entity. 
Additional Disruption Event (as defined in Equity Linked Condition 8) means any of Change of Law (unless 
specified as not applicable in the Final Terms) and Failure to Deliver, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss Event and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in 
each case if specified in the Final Terms.  
See also risk factor "The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, 
has broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Noteholders" below. 
Holders may receive physical delivery of shares in lieu of payment of cash amounts 
Where the Notes include the right of the Issuer, subject to the fulfilment of a particular condition, to redeem the 
Notes at their maturity by delivering shares to the purchaser of such Notes, the purchasers will receive such shares 
rather than a monetary amount upon maturity. Holders will, therefore, be exposed to the issuer of such shares and 
the risks associated with such shares. Noteholders should not assume that they will be able to sell such shares for 
a specific price after the redemption of the Notes, and in particular not for the purchase price of the Notes. Under 
certain circumstances the shares may only have a very low value or may, in fact, be worthless. Holders may also 
be subject to certain documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the delivery and/or disposal of such shares. 
There are specific risks relating to Index Linked Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon the level of, 
or changes in the level of, an index or a basket of indices ("Index Linked Notes"). Accordingly an investment in 
Index Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct investment in the components of the index and 
potential investors should take advice accordingly.

--- Page 29 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
29 
 
 
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Index Linked Notes 
(i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different 
time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of the 
index/indices does not move in the anticipated direction. In addition, movements in the level of the index or 
indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies 
or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or indices may affect the actual yield 
to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. All these factors may affect the 
investments in the Notes 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one 
or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the index or the indices on 
principal or interest payable and therefore on the amount of potential losses incurred, will be magnified. See also 
risk factor "There are risks associated with leveraged exposures" below. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption date 
and the volatility of the level of the index or indices as well as the economic, financial and political events in one 
or more jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) or pricing source(s) on which any 
securities or other components comprising the index or indices may be traded. The index may reference equities, 
bonds or other securities, or it may be an index referencing certain price data which will be subject to market price 
fluctuations or may reference other underlying component types. An index may include valuations only and not 
actual transactions and the data sources used to compile the index may be subject to change, which may adversely 
affect the return on the Notes. 
Adjustment to indices for Index Linked Notes 
If an Index Adjustment Event (as defined in "Annex 2 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes") 
occurs the Issuer may require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments as it determines appropriate to the 
terms of the Notes or redeem the Notes. Such action may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the 
affected Index Linked Notes.  
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an index could adversely affect the market value of the Notes 
The sponsor of any index can add, delete or substitute the components of such index or make other methodological 
changes that could change the level of one or more components. The changing of components of any index may 
affect the level of such index as a newly added component may perform significantly worse or better than the 
component it replaces, which in turn may affect the payments made by the Issuer to the purchasers of the Notes. 
The sponsor of any such index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of such index. 
The sponsor of an index will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Notes and will have no obligation 
to any purchaser of such Notes. The sponsor of an index may take any actions in respect of such index without 
regard to the interests of the purchasers of the Notes, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market 
value of the Notes. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks" 
A number of major interest rates (including the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR")), other rates, indices and other published values or benchmarks are the 
subject of national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on Notes linked to any such value or benchmark.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") is a key element of ongoing 
regulatory reform in the EU and has applied, subject to certain transitional provisions, since January 1, 2022. In 
addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices, such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign 
exchange rates, and indices, including equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most 
cases be within scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the 
amount payable under, or the value of, certain financial instruments (including Notes listed on an EU regulated 
market, EU multilateral trading facility ("MTF"), EU organised trading facility ("OTF") or via a systematic 
internaliser). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") is the relevant regulatory regime applicable to, 
among other things, the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK.

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
30 
 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the administration of a 
benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things, the EU Benchmarks Regulation requires 
EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered as such and to comply with extensive requirements 
relating to benchmark administration. It also prohibits certain uses by EU supervised entities of (a) benchmarks 
provided by EU administrators which are not authorised or registered in accordance with the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and (b) benchmarks provided by non-EU administrators where (i) the administrator's regulatory regime 
has not been determined to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, (ii) the administrator has not been recognised in 
accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, or (iii) the benchmark has not been endorsed in accordance with 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Similarly, the UK Benchmarks Regulation prohibits the use of in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(the "FCA") or registered on the FCA register (or, if not based in the UK, not deemed equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed).  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
adverse impact on any Notes for which a request for admission to trading on a trading venue has been made, or 
which are traded on a trading venue or via a "systematic internaliser" linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent 
(in whole or in part) upon a "benchmark" for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to any benchmark may result in:  
 
the level of the published rate or the level of the "benchmark" or the volatility of the published rate or 
level being adversely affected; 
 
an increase in the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with such regulations or requirements; 
 
the "benchmark" (including certain currencies or tenors of benchmarks) being discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, which may result in the rate of interest in respect of the Notes (if any) being determined 
based on any applicable fallback provisions or the redemption of the Notes; 
 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark being changed in order to comply with regulatory 
requirements; 
 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as further described under "Risks associated with 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event" below); or 
 
have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes and/or could 
lead to the Notes being de-listed, adjusted, redeemed early following the occurrence of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, subject to discretionary valuation or adjustment by the Calculation Agent or 
otherwise impacted depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Notes. This could 
also negatively affect the liquidity of the Notes and a Noteholder's ability to sell their Notes in the secondary 
market. 
The Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of February 10, 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR or LIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for said benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national authority in certain circumstances, 
such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes) which contain no 
fallback provision or no suitable fallback provisions and where certain trigger events relating to non-
representativeness or cessation or wind down of the benchmark are met. In general, parties can opt out of the 
statutory replacement where all parties, or the required majority of parties, to a contract or financial instrument 
have agreed to apply a different replacement for a benchmark before or after entry into force of the implementing 
act. A statutory replacement benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, 
certain Notes linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or 
may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark.  
In addition Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated regulations and the 
transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023 (and the 
Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary). There are therefore 
still details to be clarified in relation to the potential impact of these legislative developments. Accordingly, there 
may be a risk that a statutory replacement benchmark may designated if, for instance, a replacement benchmark

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
31 
 
 
determined in accordance with the fallback provisions is deemed unsuitable as its application no longer reflects 
or significantly diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is 
intended to measure (and where certain other conditions are satisfied, including one of the parties objecting to the 
contractually agreed fallback). 
See also risk factor "The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, 
has broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Noteholders" below. 
Risks associated with the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as defined in General Condition 6(l)) may lead to 
redemption or adjustment of the Notes. Any such adjustment or redemption of the Notes following the occurrence 
of an Administrator/Benchmark Event may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Notes and 
accordingly the amount Noteholders can expect to receive on their investment. 
The implementation of SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes could adversely affect Noteholders  
Under the fallback provisions applicable to Notes that pay a floating rate of interest by reference to the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") (whether a compounded rate or the SOFR Index), if a particular SOFR 
Replacement or SOFR Replacement Adjustment (each as defined in General Condition 4(b)(iv)(3)(C)) cannot be 
determined, then the next-available SOFR Replacement or SOFR Replacement Adjustment will apply. These 
replacement rates and adjustments may be selected or formulated by (i) the Relevant Governmental Body (as 
defined in General Condition 4(b)(iv)(3)(D)), (ii) ISDA or (iii) in certain circumstances, the Calculation Agent 
and/or the Replacement Rate Determination Agent.  
In addition, the fallback provisions permit the Replacement Rate Determination Agent to make certain changes 
(which are defined in General Condition 4(b)(iv)(3)(D) as "SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes") with 
respect to, among other things, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest. 
The application of a SOFR Replacement and SOFR Replacement Adjustment and any implementation of SOFR 
Replacement Conforming Changes could reduce the amount of interest payable in respect of an interest period, 
which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for, the Notes. Further, there is no assurance that 
the characteristics of any SOFR Replacement will be similar to the then-current SOFR benchmark that it is 
replacing or that any SOFR Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of the then-current SOFR 
benchmark that it is replacing.  
There are specific risks relating to Credit Linked Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon whether 
certain events ("Credit Events") have occurred in respect of one or more entities (together "Reference Entities" 
and each, a "Reference Entity") and, if so, on the value of certain specified debt obligations of such Reference 
Entity(ies) or, where, if such events have occurred, the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets 
upon redemption of the Notes.  
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Credit Linked Notes 
(i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any 
specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of 
their investment. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, the time remaining 
to the redemption date and the creditworthiness of the reference entity which in turn may be affected by the 
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, over which neither the Issuer nor Guarantor 
has control. 
This Base Prospectus contains Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes with terms based on (but 
not identical to) the 2014 Credit Derivatives Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (the "2014 ISDA Definitions") which are set out in Annex 8. In this respect investors should 
have regard to the risk factor on page 36 entitled "ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions".  
The Issuer's obligations in respect of Credit Linked Notes are irrespective of the existence or amount of the Issuer's 
and/or any affiliates' credit exposure to a reference entity and the Issuer and/or any affiliate need not suffer any 
loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
If Credit Linked Redemption is applicable the occurrence of Credit Events may affect the redemption date of the 
Notes

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
32 
 
 
Credit Linked Notes in respect of which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable may be redeemed prior to their 
scheduled maturity, save where: (i) Maturity Credit Redemption applies; or (ii) the Notes are Tranched Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Basket Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes; or (iii) the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-
Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes where Credit Payment on Maturity applies. However, where the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount payable in respect of Notes described in (ii) or (iii) of the foregoing section is zero and Credit 
Linked Redemption is applicable, the Notes will be redeemed early. Where such Notes are redeemed early 
following a Credit Event, investors may lose some or all of the principal invested and will not receive the full 
amount of interest (if any) to the extent that interest on the Note is also Credit Linked.  
Where Maturity Credit Redemption applies or where the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes where Credit Payment on Maturity Applies (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) or where the Notes are Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, in each 
case in respect of which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, maturity of the Credit Linked Notes may be 
delayed until scheduled maturity of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors may therefore be forced to wait a 
significant time following the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event before they receive the redemption amount 
owed (if any).  
If Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, the occurrence of a Credit Event may affect the amount payable or 
deliverable on redemption of the Notes  
Where Credit Linked Redemption is applicable and cash settlement or auction settlement applies, the occurrence 
of a Credit Event in relation to any Reference Entity from time to time may result in a redemption of the Notes in 
a reduced nominal amount or at zero meaning that investors may lose some or all of the principal amount invested.  
Where Credit Linked Redemption is applicable and physical settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event 
may result in the redemption of the Notes by delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity, which obligations are likely to have a market value which is substantially less than their par 
amount. Where the Notes provide for physical delivery, the Issuer may determine that the specified assets to be 
delivered are either (a) assets which, for any reason (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance 
system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite consents 
with respect to the delivery of assets which are loans), are impossible or illegal to deliver on the specified 
settlement date, or (b) assets which the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any affiliate has not received under the terms 
of any transaction entered into by the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or such affiliate to hedge the Issuer's obligations 
in respect of the Notes. Any such determination may delay settlement in respect of the Notes and/or cause the 
obligation to deliver such specified assets to be replaced by an obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either 
case, may affect the value of the Notes and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of the 
valuation of such Notes and as a result, the amount of principal payable on redemption.  
Increased credit risk is associated with "First-to-Default" or "Nth-to-Default" Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Notes are Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, First-to-Default or Nth-to-Default Credit 
Linked Notes, and Credit-Linked Redemption is applicable, the Notes may be subject to redemption in full as 
described above as a consequence of the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to a single Credit Event the first 
or the nth Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event occurs either shortly after such credit event or, 
where Maturity Credit Redemption is applicable, at the scheduled maturity date.  
Where the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Notes, and Credit-Linked Redemption is applicable, where Credit Payment As You Go applies, the Notes may be 
subject to redemption in part upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to each Reference Entity in respect 
of which a Credit Event occurs unless Maturity Credit Redemption is applicable in which case such Notes shall 
only be redeemed at the scheduled maturity date.  
Where the Notes are Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the redemption amount of the Notes will only 
be reduced as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to a number greater than the L 
(being the lower tranche level) number of Reference Entities specified in the Final Terms but will be subject to 
redemption in full as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to a number equal to or 
greater than the H (being the higher tranche level) number of Reference Entities specified in the Final Terms. The 
credit risk to Noteholders may further be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a 
particular industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other 
risks.

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
33 
 
 
Where the Notes are Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, the 
redemption amount of the Notes will only be reduced as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event 
resulting in the Aggregate Loss Percentage exceeding the Attachment Point specified in the Final Terms or the 
Aggregate Loss Percentage in respect of a Basket Tranched Index Component exceeding the Attachment Point 
for that Basket Tranched Index Component specified in the Final Terms, as the case may be, but will be subject 
to redemption in full as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event resulting in the Aggregate Loss 
Percentage, being equal to or greater than the Exhaustion Point specified in the Final Terms or the Aggregate Loss 
Percentage in respect of each Basket Tranched Index Component exceeding the Attachment Point for that Basket 
Tranched Index Component specified in the Final Terms, as the case may be. The credit risk to Noteholders may 
further be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a particular industry sector or 
geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other risks. 
Where the Notes are Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, the Notes will be redeemed at an amount that is equal to 
the sum of the Long Redemption Amount and the Short Redemption Amount. The occurrence of Credit Events 
may result in a reduction of the Long Redemption Amount but an increase in the Short Redemption Amount, 
depending on the Long Exposure or Short Exposure selected and the relevant Reference Entities. The credit risk 
to Noteholders may further be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a particular 
industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other risks. 
If Credit Linked Interest is applicable, the occurrence of Credit Events may reduce the interest payable on the 
Notes 
In the case of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes or First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes in respect of 
which Credit Linked Interest is applicable, following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date no 
further interest will accrue on the Notes. In the case of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes in respect of which 
Credit Linked Interest is applicable, following the occurrence of a Trigger no further interest will accrue on the 
Notes. In any such circumstances, interest may cease to accrue from the Credit Event Determination Date or from 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination Date or Trigger, depending on 
the elections made in the Final Terms. 
In the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of which Credit Linked Interest is applicable, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date with respect to a number of Reference Entities 
that is greater than the L (being the lower tranche) number of Reference Entities specified in the Final Terms and 
each subsequent Credit Event Determination Date thereafter, interest that is subject to the Credit Linked provisions 
will accrue on a decreased nominal amount of the Notes until a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred 
with respect to a number of Reference Entities that is equal to or greater than the H (being the higher tranche) 
number of Reference Entities specified in the Final Terms and at which point no further interest shall be due in 
respect of the Notes.  
In the case of Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, following the 
occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date with respect to which the Aggregate Loss Percentage in respect 
of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, exceeds the Attachment Point, (being the lower tranche 
specified in the Final Terms) or, in the case of Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, the Aggregate Loss 
Percentage in respect of a Basket Tranched Index Component exceeds the Exhaustion Point in respect of that 
Basket Tranched Index Component and each subsequent Credit Event Determination Date thereafter, if Credit 
Linked Interest is applicable interest will accrue on a decreased nominal amount of the Notes until the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or until a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to a number of Reference 
Entities such that Aggregate Loss Percentage is equal to or greater than the Exhaustion Point (being the upper 
tranche specified in the Final Terms) or, in the case of Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, the Aggregate 
Loss Percentage in respect of each Basket Tranched Index Component is equal to or greater than the Exhaustion 
Point in respect of that Basket Tranched Index Component and at which point no further interest amounts shall be 
due in respect of the Notes. 
In the case of Long/Short Credit Linked Notes in respect of which Credit Linked Interest is applicable, following 
the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of a Reference Entity referenced in the Long 
Exposure, interest may accrue on a decreased nominal amount of the Notes and may cease to accrue entirely, 
depending on the nature of the Long Exposure specified in the Final Terms. 
Reference Entity Credit Risk 
The holders of Credit Linked Notes will be exposed to the credit of one or more Reference Entities, which 
exposure shall be, unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, to the full extent of their investment in such Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of any of the default events comprising a Credit Event with respect to any Reference Entity,

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
34 
 
 
the Noteholders may suffer significant losses at a time when losses may be suffered by a direct investor in 
obligations of such Reference Entity. However, the holding of a Note is unlikely to lead to outcomes which exactly 
reflect the impact of investing in an obligation of a Reference Entity, and losses could be considerably greater 
than would be suffered by a direct investor in the obligations of a Reference Entity and/or could arise for reasons 
unrelated to such Reference Entity. Noteholders should also note that a Credit Event may occur even if the 
obligations of a Reference Entity are unenforceable or their performance is prohibited by any applicable law or 
exchange controls. See also the risk factor "There are risks associated with leveraged exposures" below. 
Investors in the Notes are accordingly exposed, as to (if Credit Linked Redemption is applicable) principal and (if 
Credit Linked Interest is applicable) interest, to the credit risk of one or more Reference Entities. The maximum 
loss to an investor in the Notes is (if Credit Linked Redemption is applicable) 100 per cent. of their initial principal 
investment, together with (if Credit Linked Interest is applicable) any accrued interest amounts.  
For Index Credit Linked Notes and Long/Short Credit Linked Notes that reference an Index, the Reference Entities 
and the Reference Obligations as of the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes will be those set out in the Index 
Annex, being the list for the relevant Markit iTraxx® Europe Index (in the case of iTraxx Non-Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes or iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes) or Markit CDXTM Index (in the case of 
CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes) with the Annex 
Date specified in the Final Terms, as published by the Index Publisher (being Markit Group Limited as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus). Any determinations by the Index Sponsor (being Markit Indices Limited in the case of 
iTraxx Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes and iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes and Markit 
North America, Inc. in the case of CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes and CDX Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes, in each case as of the date of this Base Prospectus) with respect to replacement Reference 
Obligations and/or Successors (subject, in relation to Successors, to the further determination provisions set out 
in the Credit Linked Conditions), will apply for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes and any such 
determinations and resulting changes in Reference Obligations and/or Reference Entities may have an adverse 
effect on the value of such Notes.  
Additionally, if ISDA publicly announces one or more replacement Reference Obligations and/or Successors prior 
to the Trade Date but following the "Roll Date" (in the case of iTraxx Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes 
or iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes) or the "Effective Date" (in the case of CDX Non-Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes or CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes) specified in the Index Annex, such 
replacement Reference Obligations and/or Successors will apply for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes, 
notwithstanding that such announcement occurred prior to the Trade Date, and any such announcements and 
resulting changes in Reference Obligations and/or Reference Entities may have an adverse effect on the value of 
such Notes. 
Investors' exposure to the credit performance of the Reference Entities may not correspond to actual market 
recovery on such Reference Entities, including for Zero/Set Recovery Notes, Tranched Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes and Long/Short 
Credit Linked Notes  
Interest and principal repayments on the Notes may be calculated by reference to the outstanding nominal amount 
of the Notes. As at the Issue Date the outstanding nominal amount is an amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount. If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, then the outstanding nominal amount may be 
reduced for the purposes of the determination of interest (if Credit Linked Interest is applicable) and/or the amount 
payable on redemption (if Credit Linked Redemption is applicable) by an amount equal to a predefined portion 
of the Aggregate Nominal Amount (which may be one hundred percent of such predefined portion resulting in 
such portion of the outstanding nominal amount being reduced in full) irrespective of the actual market recovery 
in respect of such Reference Entity. Therefore investors' exposure to each Reference Entity may exceed the 
exposure that they might incur in respect of having entered into a standard single name credit default swap as 
protection seller in respect of each Reference Entity and investors may lose the entire principal amount invested. 
There is a risk that the Notes could be affected by a Credit Event or succession that took place prior to the Trade 
Date 
In respect of a Credit Event relating to a Series of Credit Linked Notes, a Credit Event will not be determined by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee unless a request is submitted to ISDA for the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to consider whether the relevant event constitutes a Credit Event within 
60 calendar days of the occurrence of such potential Credit Event unless a Credit Event Determination Date has 
already occurred with respect to such event. For the purposes of the succession provisions the look-back period is 
90 calendar days and functions similarly. These provisions mean that there is a time limit on the ability to act on 
a Credit Event or succession and that it is possible that the Notes could be affected by a Credit Event or succession

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
35 
 
 
that took place prior to the Trade Date if Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method for 
a Series of Notes in the relevant applicable Final Terms.  
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions in accordance with market convention 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of the Credit Linked Conditions to incorporate 
and/or reflect further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by ISDA with respect to 
the settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or the operation or application of determinations by the ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees which the Calculation Agent and the Issuer determine in a 
commercially reasonable manner are necessary to reflect or govern market practice for credit derivative 
transactions or hedging arrangements of the Issuer. Any such adjustment may amend the Notes in a way that is 
adverse to the Noteholders and may have a negative impact on the value of the Notes.  
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Whilst there are many similarities between the terms used in this Base Prospectus and the 2014 ISDA Definitions, 
there are also many substantial differences and a prospective investor should understand that the complete terms 
and conditions of the Notes are as set out in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms only and that the 
2014 ISDA Definitions are not incorporated by reference to either. Consequently, investing in Credit Linked Notes 
is not necessarily equivalent to investing a credit default swap that incorporates either the 2003 ISDA Definitions 
or the 2014 ISDA Definitions.  
While ISDA has published and, where appropriate, supplemented the 2014 ISDA Definitions in order to facilitate 
transactions and promote uniformity in the credit derivatives market, the credit derivatives market has evolved 
over time and is expected to continue to change. Consequently, the 2014 ISDA Definitions and the terms applied 
to credit derivatives generally, including Credit Linked Notes are subject to further evolution. Past events have 
shown that the view of market participants may differ as to how either set of the ISDA Definitions operate or 
should operate. As a result of the continued evolution of the market, the Credit Linked Notes may not conform to 
future market standards. Such a result may have a negative impact on the Credit Linked Notes and there can be 
no assurances that changes to the terms applicable to credit derivatives generally will be predictable or favourable 
to the Issuer or the Noteholders. 
Risks relating to Auction Settlement of Credit Linked Notes  
Where an Auction Final Price Determination Date occurs in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Auction Final 
Price will be determined according to an auction procedure set out in the applicable Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor 
website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. The Auction Final Price determined 
pursuant to an auction may be less than the market value that would otherwise have been determined in respect 
of the relevant Reference Obligation. 
The Issuer and the Noteholders may have little or no influence in the outcome of any such auction. However, there 
is a possibility that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (or one of their Affiliates) would act as a participating 
bidder in any such auction. In such capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence the Auction Final 
Price including (without limitation): (a) providing rates of conversion to determine the applicable currency 
conversion rates to be used to convert any obligations which are not denominated in the auction currency into 
such currency for the purposes of the auction; and (b) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests 
with respect to the relevant Deliverable Obligations. In deciding whether to take any such action (or whether to 
act as a participating bidder in any auction), neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent (or any of their Affiliates) 
shall be under any obligation to consider the interests of any Noteholder and, as a result, may take action that is 
adverse to the interests of Noteholders. 
Cheapest to deliver risk 
Where Physical Settlement is applicable, upon the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent has the discretion to select Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity for delivery to the 
Noteholders. It is likely that the Deliverable Obligations selected by the Calculation Agent are obligations of the 
Reference Entity with the lowest market value that are permitted to be delivered in accordance with the terms of 
the Notes. In addition, the Deliverable Obligations may be illiquid and such illiquidity may be more pronounced 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event, thereby adversely affecting the value of the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation. The Calculation Agent has no liability to account to the Noteholders or any other person for any profit 
or other benefit to it or any of its affiliates which may result directly or indirectly from such selection.  
Cheapest to value risk

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
36 
 
 
Where Cash Settlement is applicable, upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
has the discretion to select Valuation Obligations of the Reference Entity for valuation in order to determine the 
Final Price. It is likely that the Valuation Obligations selected by the Calculation Agent are obligations of the 
Reference Entity with the lowest market value that are permitted to be valued in accordance with the terms of the 
Notes. This could result in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for Noteholders. In addition, the 
Valuation Obligations may be illiquid and such illiquidity may be more pronounced following the occurrence of 
a Credit Event, thereby adversely affecting the value of the relevant Valuation Obligation which in turn would 
result in a lower recovery value for Noteholders. 
There are specific risks relating to Fund Linked Notes and ETF Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon the price 
or changes in the price of units or shares in a fund or funds (including exchange traded fund shares) or, depending 
on the price or changes in the price of units or shares in such fund or funds, where the Issuer's obligation on 
redemption is to deliver a specified amount of fund shares ("Fund / ETF Linked Notes"). Accordingly an 
investment in Fund / ETF Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct fund investment and potential 
investors should take advice accordingly.  
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Fund / ETF Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of 
any specified Fund shares or ETF shares may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or 
a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the movements in the price of units, shares or interests in the 
fund or funds may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, 
currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant price of the units or shares in the fund or 
funds may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
If the amount of principal or entitlement amount deliverable and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction 
with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price 
of the units or shares of the fund(s) or exchange traded funds on principal or interest payable, and therefore on the 
amount of potential losses incurred, will be magnified. See also risk factor "There are risks associated with 
leveraged exposures" below. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption date 
and the volatility of the price of units or shares in the fund(s) or exchange traded fund(s). The price of units or 
shares in a fund or exchange traded fund may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one 
or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any units or 
shares in the fund(s) or exchange traded fund(s) may be traded. In addition, the price of units or shares in a fund 
or exchange traded fund may be affected by the performance of the fund service providers, and, in particular, the 
investment advisor. Prospective investors should carefully review the prospectus, information memorandum 
and/or base prospectus (if any) issued by any relevant fund or exchange traded fund before purchasing any Notes 
linked to such funds or exchange traded funds. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any affiliate of the Issuer or 
Guarantor or the Calculation Agent make any representation as to the creditworthiness of any relevant fund or 
exchange traded fund or any such fund's administrative, custodian, investment manager or adviser. If such persons 
are not creditworthy or otherwise fail to perform, as the case may be, it may adversely affect value of the Notes. 
In addition, when the Issuer issues Fund / ETF Linked Notes linked to one or more funds, including hedge funds 
and exchange traded funds the relevant fund(s) or exchange traded fund(s) may trade and invest in a broad range 
of investments such as debt and equity securities, commodities or commodity indices and foreign exchange and 
may enter into derivative transactions, including, without limitation, futures and options. The relevant fund(s) or 
exchange traded fund(s) may often be illiquid and may only be traded on a monthly, quarterly or even less frequent 
basis. The trading strategies of funds are often opaque. The relevant fund(s) or exchange traded fund(s), as well 
as the markets and instruments in which they invest, are often not subject to review by governmental authorities, 
self-regulatory organisations or other supervisory authorities. If the underlying relevant fund(s) or exchange traded 
fund(s) do not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Notes will fall, and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
Fund/ETF Linked Notes do not provide holders with any participation rights in the underlying Fund/ETF and do 
not entitle holders of Fund/ETF Linked Notes to any ownership interest or rights in such Fund/ETF. Except as 
may be otherwise provided in the Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms, holders will not have 
voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant fund 
shares or units to which such Notes relate. See also risk factor "A Noteholder does not have rights of ownership 
in the Reference Item(s)".

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
37 
 
 
In the event of the occurrence of one or more Potential ETF Events (as defined in ETF Linked Condition 2), the 
Calculation Agent may seek to make adjustments in accordance with the ETF Linked Conditions. Such 
adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
In the event of the occurrence of one or more Extraordinary Fund Events (as defined in Fund Linked Condition 
1) or Extraordinary ETF Events (as defined in ETF Linked Condition 2), as the case may be, the Issuer may seek 
to make adjustments, substitute the relevant Fund Shares or ETF Shares, as the case may be, with fund shares of 
a fund, or exchange traded fund shares, as the case may be, with similar characteristics or, if no such fund or ETF 
is selected, with a replacement index, or redeem the Notes at its discretion. Any adjustment or substitution may 
have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
In the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the underlying Fund Shares or ETF Shares, as the case may 
be, are not received by the hedge provider on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or Termination Date, such 
date may be postponed for a period of up to two calendar years (or such other period as may be specified in the 
Final Terms) and no additional amount shall be payable as a result of such delay and so in such circumstance 
investors may therefore miss the opportunity to invest the redemption proceeds that would have been otherwise 
received earlier in other assets or investments. 
See also risk factors "A Noteholder does not have rights of ownership in the Reference Item(s)" and "The 
Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, has broad discretionary 
powers which may not take into account the interests of the Noteholders" below. 
Holders may receive physical delivery of Fund Shares or ETF Shares in lieu of payment of cash amounts. 
Where the Notes include the right of the Issuer, subject to the fulfilment of a particular condition, to redeem the 
Notes at their maturity by delivering Fund Shares or ETF Shares to the purchaser of such Notes, the purchasers 
will receive such Fund Shares or ETF Shares rather than a monetary amount upon maturity. Holders will, 
therefore, be exposed to the issuer of such Fund Shares or ETF Shares and the risks associated with such Fund 
Shares or ETF Shares. The purchaser should not assume that the Noteholder will be able to sell such Fund Shares 
or ETF Shares for a specific price after the redemption of the Notes, and in particular not for the purchase price 
of the Notes. Under certain circumstances the Fund Shares or ETF Shares may only have a very low value or may, 
in fact, be worthless, in which case see risk factor "Investors may lose the original invested amount" below. 
Holders may also be subject to certain documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the delivery and/or disposal of 
such Fund Shares or ETF Shares. 
For all the above reasons, investing directly or indirectly in funds is generally considered to be risky. If the 
underlying fund does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Notes will fall, and may in certain 
circumstances be zero. 
There are specific risks relating to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon movements 
in currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in 
which the Notes are denominated ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes"). Accordingly an investment in Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct foreign exchange investment and potential 
investors should take advice accordingly. 
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may 
occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected and (iii) they may lose a substantial portion or all 
of their investment. In addition, movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations 
that may not correlate with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the exchange 
rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations.  
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Notes are linked will affect the nature and value of the investment return 
on the Notes. The performance of foreign exchange rates are dependent upon the supply and demand for currencies 
in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in 
the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, 
international political factors, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the currency 
concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, without 
limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, 
alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or 
imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect 
exchange rates and the availability of a specified currency. Where the Notes are linked to the currency of an

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
38 
 
 
emerging market jurisdiction, such risks may be magnified – see also risk factor "Where the Notes are 
denominated in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more emerging market currencies, such 
emerging market currencies can be significantly more volatile than currencies of more developed markets" below. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates and 
are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the 
effect of changes in the currency exchange rates on principal or interest payable will be magnified. See also risk 
factor "There are risks associated with leveraged exposures" below. 
Payments of principal and interest or other obligations of the Issuer in respect of any Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Notes may be restricted or varied upon the occurrence of certain disruption events applicable to the Notes. A 
relevant disruption event for an exchange rate may relate to inability to obtain a price for the exchange rate from 
the applicable price source(s), illiquidity, the split of any relevant currency into a dual exchange rate, 
inconvertibility, non-transferability, a material change in circumstances in the jurisdiction of the Subject Currency 
that makes it impossible to fulfil certain hedging arrangements, a nationalisation or variations in the prices quoted 
for the exchange on different sources being greater than a specified percentage threshold (or not quoted for by 
members of a survey used to determine such source) if specified for that rate in the terms and conditions of the 
Notes and/or the Final Terms.  
Following a relevant disruption event, the applicable valuation date may be postponed so long as the relevant 
disruption event continues, the Calculation Agent may determine the applicable exchange rate, the Notes may be 
redeemed early (or on the originally designated date) by payment of the applicable early redemption amount rather 
than any amount that would have otherwise been calculated in respect of and due on the relevant date, the related 
date for payment or delivery may be deferred so long as the relevant disruption event continues or a fallback 
reference price source or sources may be used to calculate the rate instead of the originally designated price source. 
Potential investors in any Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes may be affected by an adverse effect on (i) the value 
of, and/or amounts or assets due in respect of, the Notes due to the occurrence of any disruption event and 
application of the related disruption fallback(s); or (ii) an investor's investment schedule, timetable or plans if any 
due date for payment and/or delivery under the Notes is postponed as a consequence of a disruption event. 
See also risk factor "The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, 
has broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Noteholders" below. 
There are specific risks relating to Inflation Linked Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon the level of 
an inflation index or indices ("Inflation Linked Notes"). 
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Inflation Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a 
different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the 
movements in the level of the inflation index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not 
correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level 
of the inflation index or indices may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with 
their expectations.  
In certain circumstances following cessation of publication of the inflation index, the Calculation Agent may 
determine a successor inflation index and make adjustments to the terms of the Notes and such adjustments may 
have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. In certain circumstances following cessation of publication of 
the inflation index, the Calculation Agent may determine that there is no appropriate alternative inflation index, 
in which case the Issuer may redeem the Notes early and investors may receive less than their initial investment 
in the Notes. See also risk factor "The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of 
the Guarantor, has broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Noteholders" 
below. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one 
or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the inflation index or the indices 
on principal or interest payable will be magnified. See also risk factor "There are risks associated with leveraged 
exposures" below. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption date 
and the volatility of the level of the inflation index or indices. The level of the inflation index or indices may be 
affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. See also risk factor "The 
Group is exposed to risks related to reforms of Index and Commodity Index "Benchmarks"" below.

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
39 
 
 
There are specific risks relating to EUA Contract Linked Notes 
The occurrence of a Market Disruption Event relating to EUA Contract Linked Notes may have an adverse impact 
on Noteholders 
In respect of EUA Contract Linked Notes, Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined 
by reference to the value of the underlying EUA Contract and/or EUA Contract Linked Notes will pay interest 
calculated by reference to the value of the underlying EUA Contract. 
A Market Disruption Event will occur if there is a disruption in respect of an EUA Contract as a result of (a) price 
source disruption, (b) ability to trade, (c) the disappearance of an EUA Contract Reference Price, (d) a limit price 
event, (e) a change in composition, methodology or taxation, (f) the ability to deliver or accept EU Allowances, 
the discontinuation of the scheme for transferring EU Allowances, a suspension by the relevant registries of 
operations relating to recording the issue, holding, transfer, acquisition, surrender, cancellation and/or replacement 
of EU Allowances, or (g) issues in relation to the establishment and functioning of the relevant registries or 
transaction logs maintained in respect of EU allowance transactions. 
If a Market Disruption Event occurs (as defined in EUA Contract Linked Condition 2 (Market Disruption): 
(a) 
the Issuer may take no action; 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent, acting on the instructions of the Issuer, may make any adjustment(s) to the 
terms of the EUA Contract Linked Notes as it considers appropriate; or 
(c) 
the Issuer may redeem the EUA Contract Linked Notes by payment of the Early Redemption Amount. 
Additional risks associated with EUA Contract Linked Notes 
If the reference price of an EUA Contract is subsequently corrected, the corrected reference price will be used if 
corrected within 30 calendar days of the original publication, provided that, if the corrected level is published less 
than three EUA Contract Business Days prior to a due date for payment it will be disregarded. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that the EUA Contract Linked Notes are linked to the performance of a 
futures contract, the considerations described above will apply to such futures contract by reference to the 
underlying EUA Contract.  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the EUA Contract Linked Notes are "Rolling Futures Contract Notes", 
the reference price of the EUA Contract will be valued by reference to futures contracts with delivery months that 
do not match the Redemption Date of the EUA Contract Linked Notes. The Calculation Agent will select a new 
futures contract on each Futures Rollover Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. If it is impossible or 
materially impracticable to select a new futures contract and/or hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
EUA Contract Linked Notes, the consequences of a Market Disruption Event described above will apply. 
Trading in carbon emissions is a volatile market 
Trading in carbon emissions is a developing market and is highly volatile. The carbon emissions trading market 
has been and may again be subject to temporary distortions or other disruptions due to various factors, including 
the lack of liquidity in the market, the Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and government regulation and intervention. 
Any such volatility in the future would have a detrimental impact on the value or settlement of EUA Contract 
Linked Notes referencing EUA Contracts. 
The Hedging Provider may hedge the Issuer's obligations under EUA Contract Linked Notes without regard to 
the interests of holders 
In hedging the Issuer's obligations under the EUA Contract Linked Notes, the Hedge Provider is not restricted to 
any particular hedging practice. Accordingly, the Hedge Provider may hedge its exposure using any method it, in 
its sole discretion, deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, investing in the EU emissions allowance 
contract(s) or trading in, and holding, any EU Allowance(s). The Hedge Provider may perform any number of 
different hedging practices with respect to EUA Contract Linked Notes and is not required to have regard to the 
interests of holders of EUA Contract Linked Notes, notwithstanding that its actions may ultimately result in 
holders receiving a lower return on their investment. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of EU Allowances 
The market for carbon emission allowances or credits has emerged as a consequence of the Kyoto Protocol and 
covers both industrial and developing countries. Industrial countries are allocated emissions allowances under the

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
40 
 
 
Kyoto Protocol. The EU introduced its own emission trading scheme in 2005 pursuant to Directive 2003/87/EC, 
as amended from time to time, which extends beyond the 2012 termination of the Kyoto Protocol. 
One EU Allowance corresponds to the emission by the Noteholder of one tonne of carbon dioxide (CO2) 
equivalent during a specified period which is valid for meeting certain emissions related obligations. The EU's 
member states issue new EU Allowances annually to each company subject to the EU's emission trading scheme. 
These awards are made in accordance with an allocation plan approved by the European Commission which is 
based on the EU's application of the Kyoto Protocol's obligations to the industries covered by the EU's emission 
trading scheme. By April 30 in each year, companies are obliged to "surrender" a number of EU Allowances 
corresponding to their actual emissions in the preceding year. EU Allowances can also be rolled over from one 
year to the next if a company emits less carbon dioxide or carbon-equivalent greenhouse gas than the EU 
allowances it holds. EU Allowances have a limited or no value outside the EU's emissions trading scheme and the 
EU's emissions trading scheme could be abandoned. 
Investors should pay increasing attention to climate related policies and risks, including the role of carbon markets 
in facilitating the transition to a low-carbon economy. 
There are specific risks relating to Floating Rate Notes  
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes 
cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of 
Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with 
that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide for 
frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. 
That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then 
prevailing. In addition, the Issuer's ability to issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and secondary 
market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). See also risk factors "There are risks associated with 
leveraged exposures" and "The Group is exposed to risks related to reforms of Index and Commodity Index 
"Benchmarks"". 
There are specific risks relating to Fixed Rate Notes  
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate 
paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. See also risk factor 
"There are risks associated with leveraged exposures" below. 
3.3 
Risk Factors associated generally with Notes that are linked to Reference Item(s)  
There are specific risks relating to Reference Item Linked Notes  
Reference Item Linked Notes are securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption amounts and/or 
interest payments, but amounts payable (whether in respect of principal and/or interest) or deliverable will be 
dependent upon the performance of the Reference Item, or a combination of Reference Items, which themselves 
may contain substantial credit, interest rate, foreign exchange, correlation, time value, political and/or other risks. 
An investment in Reference Item Linked Notes therefore entails significant risks that are not associated with 
similar investments in a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security. These risks include the possibility that 
the holder of a Reference Item Linked Note could lose all or a substantial portion of the principal of such 
Note(whether payable at maturity or upon redemption or repayment), and that the resulting interest rate (if any) 
will be less than that payable on a conventional debt security issued by the Issuer at the same time or no interest 
will be payable at all. The risk of the loss of some or all of the purchase price of a Reference Item Linked Note 
upon redemption means that, in order to recover and realise a return upon his or her investment, a purchaser of 
such Note must generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the 
value of the relevant Reference Item. 
It may not be possible to use the Notes as a perfect hedge against the market risk associated with investing in 
a Reference Item 
Potential purchasers intending to purchase Notes to hedge against the market risk associated with investing in a 
Reference Item should recognise the complexities of utilising Notes in this manner. For example, the value of the 
Notes may not exactly match the value of the Reference Item. Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the Notes, 
there is no assurance that their value will match movements in the value of the Reference Item. For these reasons, 
among others, it may not be possible to purchase or liquidate Notes in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate 
the value of any Reference Item.

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
41 
 
 
There are specific risks with regard to Notes linked to a combination of Reference Items 
An investment in Notes that are linked to a combination of Reference Items will entail significant risks not 
associated with an investment in a conventional debt security. A combination of the risks associated to the 
Reference Items may be significantly higher than the risks of each Reference Item considered on its own. On 
redemption of these type of Notes, the Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) or Entitlement (if any) 
determined by reference to the value of a combination of a number of different Reference Items. These Notes may 
pay interest calculated by reference to the value of the combination of a number of Reference Items. 
A Noteholder does not have rights of ownership in the Reference Item(s)  
Purchasers of Notes should be aware that neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is under no obligation to hold a 
position in any Reference Item(s) and should note that the relevant Reference Item(s) that may be held by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor will not be held by them for the benefit of the purchasers of such Notes and, as such, 
Noteholders will not obtain any rights of ownership, including, without limitation, any voting rights, any rights to 
receive dividends or other distributions or any other rights with respect to any Reference Item referenced by such 
Notes. As a result, Noteholders will not be able to exercise rights they would have as owner or have any recourse 
to any issuer of a Reference Item.  
With respect to Equity Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Interest Amount and/or 
Final Redemption Amount will not reflect the payment of any dividends on the underlying equity securities. 
Accordingly, the return on the Equity Linked Notes will not reflect the return an investor would realise if it actually 
owned the underlying equity securities and received dividends, if any, paid on those securities. Therefore, the 
yield to maturity based on the methodology for calculating the Final Redemption Amount will not be the same 
yield as would be produced if the underlying equity securities were purchased directly and held for a similar 
period.  
With respect to the Index Linked Notes, if the components of the indices are shares, Noteholders will not receive 
any dividends paid on those shares and will not participate in the return on those dividends unless the relevant 
index takes such dividends into account for purposes of calculating the relevant level. Accordingly, purchasers in 
Index Linked Notes may receive a lower payment upon redemption of such Notes than such purchaser would have 
received if the Noteholder had invested in the components of the index directly.  
With respect to Fund / ETF Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Interest Amount 
and/or Final Redemption Amount will not reflect the payment of any dividends on the underlying fund shares or 
exchange traded fund shares, as the case may be. Accordingly, the return on the Fund / ETF Linked Notes will 
not reflect the return an investor would realise if it actually owned the underlying fund shares or exchange traded 
fund shares, as the case may be, and received dividends, if any, paid on those underlying fund shares or exchange 
traded fund shares, as the case may be. Therefore, the yield to maturity based on the methodology for calculating 
the Final Redemption Amount will not be the same yield as would be produced if the underlying fund shares or 
exchange traded fund shares, as the case may be, were purchased directly and held for a similar period. 
As a result, potential investors in Index Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes or Fund / ETF Linked Notes may 
receive less return than expected. See also risk factors "There are specific risks relating to Equity Linked Notes", 
"There are specific risks relating to Index Linked Notes" and "There are specific risks relating to Fund Linked 
Notes and ETF Linked Notes" above. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates may take positions in or deal with Reference Item(s)  
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor are subject to various potential conflicts of interest in respect of the Notes, which 
could have an adverse effect on the Notes. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates may: 
(i) 
in the ordinary course of business, effect transactions for their own account or for the account of their 
customers and hold long or short positions in the Reference Item(s) or related derivatives; 
(ii) 
in connection with an offering of Notes, enter into one or more hedging transactions with respect to the 
Reference Item(s) or related derivatives; and/or 
(iii) 
in connection with such hedging or market-making activities or with respect to proprietary or other 
trading activities, enter into transactions in the Reference Item(s) or related derivatives which may 
adversely (or positively) affect the price, liquidity or value of the relevant Notes and which could 
therefore be adverse to the interests of the relevant Noteholders.

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
42 
 
 
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor may have confidential information relating to the Reference Item and the 
Notes 
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor or its affiliates may from time to time, by virtue of their status as underwriter, 
advisor or otherwise, possess or have access to information relating to the Notes, the Reference Item and any 
derivatives referencing them. Such affiliates will not be obliged to disclose any such information to a purchaser 
of the Notes provided that when such information constitutes inside information for the purposes of the Market 
Abuse Regulation 596/2014 ("MAR"), then the provisions of MAR and of any other conduct rules will be of 
application in relation to the same. 
The Guarantor's securities may be or form part of a Reference Item  
The Guarantor's shares or other instruments issued by the Guarantor may be/form part of a Reference Item in 
Index Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes or other type of Notes. The Guarantor will have material information 
in relation to such Notes which the Guarantor will not be obliged to disclose to a purchaser of Notes.  
3.4 
Risk Factors relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Notes and an investor may lose some 
or all of the principal amount invested by it. 
Investors may lose the original invested amount 
Investors may lose all or some of their investment in the Notes, as the case may be, as a result of the occurrence 
of any one or more of the following events:  
(i) 
pursuant to Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer and the Guarantor of the Notes are 
subject to insolvency proceedings or some other event impairing the ability of each to perform some or 
all if its payment obligations under the Notes; 
(ii) 
pursuant to Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions, the terms of the relevant Notes do not provide for 
full repayment of the initial purchase price upon final maturity and/or mandatory early redemption of 
such Notes and the relevant Reference Item(s) perform in such a manner that the final redemption amount 
and/or mandatory early redemption amount is less than the initial purchase price; 
(iii) 
the purchaser seeks to sell the relevant Notes prior to their scheduled maturity, and the sale price of the 
Notes in the secondary market is less than the purchaser's initial investment; and 
(iv) 
the Notes are subject to certain adjustments in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Notes 
that may result in the scheduled amount to be paid or asset(s) to be delivered upon redemption being 
reduced to or being valued at an amount less than a purchaser's initial investment. 
Notwithstanding that the relevant Notes may be linked to the performance of one or more Reference Items, 
investors in such Notes do not have and shall not receive any rights in respect of any Reference Item and shall 
have no right to call for any Reference Item to be delivered to them (unless otherwise provided in the Final Terms). 
In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor of the Notes shall be required to hold any Reference Item. As a 
result, Noteholders will not be able to exercise rights they would have as owner or have any recourse to any issuer 
of a Reference Item. 
 
There are risks associated with leveraged exposures 
Leverage involves the use of a number of financial techniques to increase the exposure to a Reference Item, and 
can therefore magnify both returns and losses. While the use of leverage allows for potential multiples of a return 
(assuming a return is achieved) when the Reference Item moves in the anticipated direction, it will conversely 
magnify losses when the Reference Item moves against expectations. If the relevant Notes (including Floating 
Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Notes) include leverage, potential holders of such Notes should note that these Notes 
will involve a higher level of risk, and that whenever there are losses such losses will be higher (other things being 
equal) than those of a similar Note which is not leveraged.  
The relevant market value of the Notes at any time is dependent on other matters in addition to the credit risk 
of the Issuer and Guarantor and the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s) 
The market value of the Notes at any time will be affected by a number of factors independent of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) and the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), 
including:

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
43 
 
 
(i) 
changes in market parameters such price level of the underlying(s), interest rates, volatility and credit 
spreads; 
(ii) 
the time remaining to any redemption date or the Maturity Date; 
(iii) 
where the Reference Item(s) is/are equity securities, the dividend rate on reference item(s) and the 
financial results and prospects of the issuer of each Reference Item. 
The amount payable and/or deliverable in respect of Notes at any time prior to redemption is typically expected 
to be less than the trading price of such Notes at that time. The difference between the trading price and such 
amount will reflect, among other things, a "time value" for the Notes. The "time value" of the Notes will depend 
partly upon the length of the period remaining to final redemption and expectations concerning the value of the 
relevant Reference Item(s). Certain market circumstances may adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes and 
holders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or may have to sell them at a price that significantly affect the 
amount they earn. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, that investor will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments under the 
Guarantee in the Specified  Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other 
than the Specified  Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified  Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified  Currency would decrease (1) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or Guarantor to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
There are certain considerations associated with Notes linked to Emerging Markets  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount payable on redemption or the interest payable is linked to Reference 
Items which consist of (i) securities, funds, ETFs or indices comprising securities of issuers that are located in, or 
subject to regulation in, emerging or developing countries, or (ii) securities which are denominated in the currency 
of, or are traded in, emerging or developing countries or (iii) currencies of emerging or developing countries. 
Prospective investors should note that additional risks may be associated with investment in such Notes, including 
risks associated with political and economic uncertainty, adverse governmental policies, restrictions on foreign 
investment and currency convertibility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, possible lower levels of disclosure 
and regulation, and uncertainties as to the status, interpretation and application of laws including, but not limited 
to, those relating to expropriation, nationalisation and confiscation. Notes traded in emerging or developing 
countries tend to be less liquid and the prices of such securities more volatile. In addition, settlement of trades in 
some such markets may be slower and more subject to failure than in markets in developed countries. 
The probability of the occurrence of a disruption event and consequently loss of investment or profit by an investor 
may be higher for certain developing or emerging markets.  
Where the Notes are denominated in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more emerging market 
currencies, such emerging market currencies can be significantly more volatile than currencies of more 
developed markets.  
Where the Notes are denominated in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more emerging market 
currencies, amounts determined to be due or deliverable in respect of such Notes may be significantly more 
volatile and subject to less certainty as to future rates than if the Notes were linked to currencies of more developed 
markets, for example emerging markets` currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis happening 
in the future. 
In particular, policies or actions of any relevant governments of the jurisdictions of such emerging markets 
currencies to which the Notes may be linked (the "Currency Jurisdictions") could adversely affect the relevant 
exchange rate(s) (such as through market interventions of their central banks or equivalent bodies; governmental 
action which changes or interferes with currency valuations or currency fluctuations that would otherwise occur

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
44 
 
 
in response to economic forces; and restrictions on foreign investment and currency convertibility or movement 
across borders). Non-governmental action may also directly or indirectly adversely affect the relevant exchange 
rates (such as through weak overall growth and performance of each applicable Currency Jurisdiction's economy 
and stock exchanges; political, economic and social uncertainty, including risks of nationalisation and 
expropriation of assets and natural disasters; or wars which affect any Currency Jurisdiction directly or indirectly). 
Investors should note that the risk of occurrence and the severity of consequence of the matters described above 
may be greater with respect to any emerging market jurisdiction than they otherwise would be in relation to more 
developed countries. Economies in emerging markets are generally more heavily dependent upon international 
trade, and accordingly, may be affected adversely by trade barriers, foreign exchange controls (including taxes), 
managed adjustments in relative currency values and other protectionist measures imposed or negotiated with 
countries with which they trade.  
The occurrence of any of the above circumstances may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes and 
amounts due (if any) or assets deliverable (if any), or the date for payment thereunder. 
Additionally, investors should note that if a disruption event occurs which prohibits or prevents the Issuer from 
making a payment in respect of the Notes, such payment will be postponed to a date falling 14 calendar days after 
the date on which such disruption event is no longer occurring and no interest shall accrue or Event of Default 
occur as a result of such postponement. In the event that the disruption event is continuing on the date which is 
one year after the last scheduled payment date in respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall make payment of the 
relevant amount in U.S. dollars or euros.  
Notes may be denominated in one currency and settled in another currency 
If the Final Terms specify that the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are applicable, then such Notes are 
denominated in one currency (the "SER Subject Currency") but all or certain amounts due thereunder, as the 
case may be, are (or may be, if certain conditions such as a relevant exchange rate is at above or below a certain 
level(s)) are settled in another currency (the "Settlement Currency"). As such, the applicable amounts are 
converted by converting such amounts by reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the Notes. 
If the Final Terms specify that the SER Intermediate Currency Requirements are applicable, then such Notes are 
denominated in one currency but all or certain amounts due thereunder, as the case may be, if any, are converted 
into an intermediate currency (the "SER Intermediate Currency") and then settled in the Settlement Currency. 
As such, the applicable amounts are converted by converting such amounts by reference to the applicable Second 
Settlement Exchange Rate and then the second Settlement Exchange Rate, each as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if not so specified, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Notes. 
Notes are not principal protected in the SER Intermediate Currency or Settlement Currency even if the Notes are 
principal protected in the SER Subject Currency. If the denomination currency depreciates against the Settlement 
Currency or the SER Intermediate Currency, this will reduce the Settlement Currency amounts received (if any) 
under the Notes and an investor may receive less than their initial investment in the Notes.  
Where a fixed Settlement Exchange Rate or Second Settlement Exchange Rate is not specified in the Final Terms, 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor have control over the Settlement Exchange Rate or the Second Settlement 
Exchange Rate and will not make any adjustment or change in the terms of the Notes in the event that exchange 
rates should become fixed, or in the event of any devaluation or revaluation or imposition of exchange or other 
regulatory controls or taxes, or in the event of other developments affecting the settlement currency, the 
denomination currency or any foreign currency. Investors will bear those risks. In addition, if an Unscheduled 
Holiday or a Price Source Disruption occurs in respect of the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate, the applicable 
disruption fallbacks may provide that the scheduled settlement exchange rate valuation date for such rate will be 
postponed, then this may result in deferral of the corresponding payment date under the Notes. If a date for 
payment is so postponed, this could adversely affect an investor's investment schedule, timetable or plans as they 
will receive amounts in respect of the Notes later than the originally scheduled date for payment. No interest will 
accrue or other amount will be payable by the Issuer in the event of any such delay. 
In addition, investments in UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes may be adversely impacted due to the fact that the 
payments in respect of the UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes are adjusted by reference to the UVR rate in effect on 
the applicable payment date and so investors are exposed to fluctuations in that rate. Where there is a UVR Event 
(as defined in Annex 1 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts), the Calculation Agent may determine 
that the UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes are redeemed early at the Early Redemption Amount and interest will

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
45 
 
 
cease to accrue and no further interest will be payable from the Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Issue Date) 
immediately preceding such UVR Event. 
If a Reference Item Linked Note includes Market Disruption Events or Failure to Open of an Exchange and 
the Calculation Agent determines such an event has occurred, any consequential postponement of the 
Scheduled Valuation Date may have an adverse effect on the Notes  
If an issue of Reference Item Linked Notes includes provisions dealing with the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event or failure to open of an exchange on a Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Market Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange has occurred or exists on such date, any 
consequential postponement of the Valuation Date or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in any 
such Notes may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Notes. The timing of such dates (as 
scheduled or as so postponed or adjusted) may affect the value of the relevant Notes such that the Noteholder may 
receive a lower redemption amount and/or interest amount or other payment under the relevant Notes than 
otherwise would have been the case. The occurrence of such a Market Disruption Event or failure to open of an 
exchange in relation to any Reference Item comprising a basket may also have such an adverse effect on Notes 
related to such basket. In addition, any such consequential postponement may result in the postponement of the 
date of redemption of the Notes.  
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of the 
issue price could lose all of its investment 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure by an 
investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of its Notes will result in the Notes 
redeeming early and could result in such investor losing all of its investment.  
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates  
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium from their 
principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.  
There are risks associated with Physically Settled Notes  
In the case of Notes which are redeemable by delivery of assets (other than Credit Linked Notes), if a Settlement 
Disruption Event occurs or exists on the due date for redemption of the Notes, settlement will be postponed until 
the next Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption Event. The Issuer in these 
circumstances also has the right to pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount in lieu of delivering the 
Entitlement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). 
If a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurs, the Issuer has the right, in lieu of delivery of the assets affected 
by such event, to pay the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount to the Noteholders. The Disruption Cash 
Redemption Amount and/or the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount may be less than the fair market value of 
the Entitlement. 
Noteholders may be required to pay certain expenses in relation to Physically Settled Notes  
Holders of Notes subject to Physical Delivery must pay all Expenses relating to delivery of such Notes. As defined 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, "Expenses" includes all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses including 
stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, transfer tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the delivery of the 
Entitlement. 
There are certain requirements to be fulfilled and payments to be made by the Holder in order to receive 
Entitlement(s) in connection with Physically Settled Notes and the Issuer may decide to settle by way of cash 
payment instead in certain circumstances  
In order to receive the Entitlement in respect of a Note settled by way of Physical Delivery, the holder of such 
Note must deliver or send to the relevant Clearing System or Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) a duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice on or prior to the relevant time on the Cut-off Date and pay the relevant 
Expenses. If a Noteholder fails to deliver as required the certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership or 
certification that it is an eligible investor for U.S. securities law purposes, the Issuer may deliver what the 
Calculation Agent determines to be the fair market value of the Entitlement instead of the relevant assets.

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
46 
 
 
There are risks associated with Notes to which Variation of Settlement applies  
If Variation of Settlement applies, the Issuer has the right to elect to deliver Relevant Assets in lieu of the Final 
Redemption Amount. Noteholders should be aware that in this regard they are exposed to the credit risk and 
performance of the Relevant Assets as to the extent that the value of such Relevant Assets falls below the value 
of the Final Redemption Amount, the Issuer is financially incentivised to exercise its option to deliver the Relevant 
Assets to the Noteholders. If the Relevant Assets are bonds, Noteholders should also take note of the fact that if 
such bond redeems prior to the Maturity Date for any reason, and the Issuer elects to vary settlement, the Issuer 
may deliver the redemption proceeds of such bond, which might be substantially less than the nominal amount of 
the bond. 
There are risks associated with Notes where denominations involve integral multiples  
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination (as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is 
possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time (i) may not be able to transfer such Notes and (ii) may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Notes be printed) and in each case would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes such that 
its holding amounts to an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that 
is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
CREST Depository Interests 
Investors who hold interests in the Notes through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited ("CREST") through 
dematerialised depository interests ("CREST Depository Interests") will not be the legal owners of the Notes 
(the "Underlying Securities") to which such CREST Depository Interests relate. CREST Depository Interests are 
separate legal instruments from the Underlying Securities and represent indirect interests in the interests of the 
CREST Nominee in such Underlying Securities. The "CREST Manual" consists of a number of documents which 
set out the legal relationship of CREST with its users and participants.  
The Underlying Securities (as distinct from the CREST Depository Interests representing indirect interests in such 
Underlying Securities) will be held in an account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the Underlying 
Securities through the relevant Clearance System. The legal title to the Underlying Securities or to interests in the 
Underlying Securities will depend on the rules of the relevant Clearance System in or through which the 
Underlying Securities are held. 
CREST International Nominees Limited or another entity appointed to act as nominee (the "CREST Nominee") 
in accordance with the CREST Global Deed Poll (in the form from time to time contained in Chapter 8 of the 
CREST International Manual (which forms part of the CREST Manual) (the "CREST Deed Poll")) will hold the 
legal title to the Underlying Securities and the direct enforcement right in respect of the Underlying Securities. 
Rights in respect of the Underlying Securities cannot be enforced by holders of CREST Depository Interests 
except indirectly through CREST Depository Limited or any successor thereto (the "CREST Depository") and 
the CREST Nominee who in turn can enforce rights indirectly through the intermediary depositaries and 
custodians described above. The enforcement of rights in respect of the Underlying Securities will therefore be 
subject to the local law of the relevant intermediary. 
These arrangements could result in an elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been 
made in respect of the Underlying Securities in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant 
intermediary, in particular where the Underlying Securities held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose 
accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the 
relevant intermediaries. 
Holders of CREST Depository Interests will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all 
provisions of or prescribed pursuant to the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules applicable to the 
CREST International Settlement Links Service (in each case as contained in the CREST Manual). Investors in 
CREST Depository Interests should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and the CREST Manual 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules) 
contain indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be given by holders of CREST Depository 
Interests and limitations on the liability of the CREST Depository as issuer of the CREST Depository Interests. 
Holders of CREST Depository Interests may incur liabilities pursuant to or resulting from a breach of any such

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
47 
 
 
indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them and the rights 
of and returns received by holders of CREST Depository Interests may differ from those of holders of Notes which 
are not represented by CREST Depository Interests. 
Investors in CREST Depository Interests should note that holders of CREST Depository Interests may be required 
to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service.  
3.5 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes generally  
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with 
an investment in those Notes  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Should the credit ratings of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any Notes be revised, suspended or withdrawn this could result in increased interest and other 
expenses on the Issuer's and the Guarantor's future borrowings and, therefore, have a material adverse effect on 
the Guarantor's business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
In general, European (including United Kingdom) regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation") from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such 
ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU or the United Kingdom and registered under the 
CRA Regulation, (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also 
apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU and non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit 
ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered or UK registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU or non-UK 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, 
as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes 
changes, European (including United Kingdom) investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European (including United 
Kingdom) regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary 
market. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is 
set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Claims of Holders under the Notes are effectively junior to those of certain other creditors  
Pursuant to BRRD and Law 11/2015 (as defined below, and as amended), the Issuer and/or the Notes should not 
be subject to the general Spanish Bail-in Power or analogous bail-in tool. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the guarantee in respect of the Notes (the "Guarantee") and agreements entered 
into between the Guarantor and the Issuer upon which the Issuer depends to pay interest and repay the principal 
of the Notes to the Noteholders (the "Hedging Agreements") are liabilities of BBVA, that are potentially subject 
to the Spanish Bail-in Power. 
Furthermore, the Notes and the Guarantee are unsecured and non-subordinated liabilities that, subject to statutory 
preferences, will rank equally with any of the Issuer's and the Guarantor's other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness. However, the Note and the Guarantee will be effectively subordinated to all of, respectively, the 
Issuer's and the Guarantor's secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such 
indebtedness, and other preferential obligations under Spanish law.  
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 15 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or such other directive as 
may come into effect in place thereof, as implemented into Spanish law by Law 11/2015 and Spanish Royal 
Decree 1012/2015 of November 6, by virtue of which Law 11/2015 is developed and Royal Decree 2606/1996 of 
December 20 on credit entities' deposit guarantee fund is amended (Real Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, 
por el que se desarrolla la Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y 
empresas de servicios de inversión, y por el que se modifica el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, sobre 
fondos de garantía de depósitos de entidades de crédito), as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to 
time ("RD 1012/2015"), as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time (including as amended by

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
48 
 
 
Directive 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 20, as transposed into Spanish Law by 
Royal Decree-Law 7/2021 of April 27) and including any other relevant implementing or developing regulatory 
provisions. 
"Spanish Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, cancellation or suspension 
power existing from time to time under: (i) any law, regulation, rule or requirement applicable from time to time 
in Spain, relating to the transposition or development of BRRD, including, but not limited to (a) Law 11/2015, (b) 
RD 1012/2015 and (c) the SRM Regulation; or (ii) any other law, regulation, rule or requirement applicable from 
time to time in Spain pursuant to which (a) obligations or liabilities of banks, investment firms or other financial 
institutions can be reduced, cancelled, modified, transferred or converted into shares, other securities, or other 
obligations of such persons or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period or permanently) or (b) any 
right in a contract governing such obligations may be deemed to have been exercised. 
A Note's purchase price may not reflect its inherent value 
Prospective investors in the Notes should be aware that the purchase price of a Note does not necessarily reflect 
its inherent value. Any difference between a Note's purchase price and its inherent value may be due to a number 
of different factors including, without limitation, prevailing market conditions and fees, discounts or commissions 
paid or accorded to the various parties involved in structuring and/or distributing the Note. Any such difference 
in value could negatively affect the return an investor may receive. For further information prospective investors 
should refer to the party from whom they are purchasing the Notes. Prospective investors may also wish to seek 
an independent valuation of Notes prior to their purchase. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, so investors should be 
prepared to hold their Notes until maturity. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially 
sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or 
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their scheduled maturity  
In the event that the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding as provided in General Condition 7 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or the performance 
of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes or any arrangements made to hedge its obligations under the Notes has 
or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part or if an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event (as defined in General Condition 6(l) occurs), the Issuer may or be required to redeem all of the Notes then 
outstanding in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
In the event that one or more Events of Default (as defined in General Condition 9 of the "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes") occurs, the Notes may become immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount. 
In addition, if "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, on the 
occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event the Notes will be automatically redeemed at their Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount. If an Additional Disruption Event or an Extraordinary Event occurs, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes early. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer. Such 
right of termination is often provided for Notes in periods of high interest rates. If the market interest rates 
decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of termination increases. As a consequence, 
the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes 
may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, the Noteholder 
may not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they 
receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed 
Notes.

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
49 
 
 
The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, has broad 
discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Noteholders 
As the Calculation Agent will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, potential conflicts of 
interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders, including with respect to the exercise of 
the very broad discretionary powers of the Calculation Agent. For example, the Calculation Agent has the 
authority (i) to determine whether certain specified events and/or matters so specified in the conditions relating to 
a Tranche of Notes have occurred and (ii) to determine any resulting adjustments and calculations or substitutions 
as described in such conditions. Potential purchasers should be aware that any determination made by the 
Calculation Agent may have an impact on the value and financial return of the Notes or result in the occurrence 
of an early repayment at an amount less than an investor's initial investment. Any such discretion exercised by, or 
any calculation made by, the Calculation Agent (in the absence of manifest or proven error) shall be binding on 
the Issuer and all Noteholders. 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make gross 
up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could significantly 
adversely affect their return on the Notes  
Spanish Tax Rules may impose withholding tax in certain circumstances (subject to certain exceptions) and 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is obliged to pay additional amounts in such event.  
Notes originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located in Spain 
According to the wording of article 44.4 of RD 1065/2007, income derived from securities originally registered 
with a clearing system located in Spain, will be paid free of Spanish withholding tax in respect to non-Spanish-
resident holders (acting or not through a permanent establishment in the Kingdom of Spain) or to legal entities 
that are resident in the Kingdom of Spain for tax purposes and are subject to Corporate Income Tax, provided that 
the entities which hold values registered on its third parties accounts or, if applicable, the entities that manage 
clearing systems located outside Spain which have entered into an agreement with such clearing system located 
in Spain, submit a statement to the Issuer in accordance with the form attached as annex to RD 1065/2007 (see 
"Supplementary Annex" under "Taxation" section of this Base Prospectus) with the following information:  
(A) 
identification of the securities;  
(B) 
total amount of income;  
(C) 
amount of income received by individual with tax residency in Spain which are subject 
to personal income tax; and  
(D) 
amount of income received that will be paid free of Spanish withholding tax.  
Notes originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside of Spain 
According to the literal wording of Article 44.5 of RD 1065/2007, income derived from securities originally 
registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain, and are recognised by Spanish 
law or by the law of another OECD country (such as the Depository Trust Company ("DTC"), Euroclear or 
Clearstream), will be paid free of Spanish withholding tax provided that the Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer 
submits a statement to the Issuer, the form of which is included in the Agency Agreement, with the following 
information:  
(i) 
identification of the securities; and 
(ii) 
total amount of the income corresponding to each clearing system located outside Spain. 
These obligations refer to the total amount paid to investors through each foreign clearing house. For these 
purposes, "income means interest and the difference, if any, between the aggregate amount payable on the 
redemption of the Notes and the issue price of the Notes".  
In accordance with Article 44 of RD 1065/2007 as amended by RD 1145/2011, the relevant Paying Agent should 
provide the Issuer with the statement on the business day immediately prior to each interest payment date. The 
statement must reflect the situation at the close of business of that same day. In the event that on such date, the 
entity(ies) obliged to provide the declaration fail to do so, the Issuer or the Paying Agent on its behalf will make

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
50 
 
 
a withholding at the general rate (currently 19 per cent.) on the total amount of the return on the relevant Notes 
otherwise payable to such entity.  
As describe in "Tax reporting related to Article 100.3 of the Spanish Personal Income Tax Law" in "Spanish 
Taxation", the redemption of Implicit Yield Notes held by a Spanish Individual (should such Notes be subject to 
Spanish withholding tax), are subject to the duly accreditation of the acquisition and acquisition price in order for 
the Notes to be redeemed, otherwise a deposit for said amount will be made at the disposal of the judicial authority 
in lieu of payment to the holder 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer has agreed that in the event withholding tax should be required by law, 
the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as would have been received had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except as provided in Condition 7 and as otherwise described in this Base Prospectus. 
Potential conflicts of interest relating to distributors or other entities involved in the offer or listing of the Notes 
Investors should be aware that potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the Notes, as any 
distributors or other entities involved in the offer and/or the listing of the Notes as indicated in the Final Terms, 
may act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and for the Dealer and can receive 
commissions and/or fees on the basis of the services performed in relation to such offer and/or listing.  
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors may be exposed to reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
The Issuer of the Notes may be substituted without the consent of the Noteholders  
The conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer of the Notes may be replaced as obligor under such Notes with 
the Guarantor or any company from BBVA's group. Whilst the new issuer will provide an indemnity in favour of 
the Noteholders in relation to any additional tax or duties that become payable solely as a result of such 
substitution, Noteholders will not have the right to object to such substitution. See General Condition 16 of the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes". Any such substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
The Guarantor of the Notes may be substituted without the consent of the Noteholders 
The conditions of the Notes provide that the Guarantor of the Notes may be replaced as guarantor under such 
Notes with another company incorporated anywhere in the world. Whilst the new guarantor will provide an 
indemnity in favour of the Noteholders in relation to any additional tax or duties that become payable solely as a 
result of such substitution. Noteholders will not have the right to object to such substitution. See General Condition 
16 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". Any such substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of 
the Notes. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The General Conditions (except for General Condition 18 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of the 
Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to 
the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Spanish and English law or administrative practice after 
the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes 
affected by it.  
The Group is exposed to risks related to reforms of Index and Commodity Index "Benchmarks" 
The global reform of the reference interest rates is a key aspect of monitoring for the Guarantor. Interbank offered 
rates ("IBORs") are key reference interest rates underpinning many contracts within the financial sector 
worldwide. Following the FSB's 2014 recommendations, authorities in several countries are promoting initiatives 
for the financial system to reduce its dependence on IBORs and transition to risk-free alternative interest rates 
("RFR") by late 2021. These RFRs are designed to overcome the difficulties of IBOR rates; especially, to

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
51 
 
 
minimise dependence on expert judgment and guarantee greater transparency and understanding in its elaboration 
process. In certain cases, such transition will result in the substitution of the rate historically used as a reference 
by the new RFR (for example in Europe, the substitution of Euro overnight index average ("EONIA") by the euro 
short term rate, or in the United States, the substitution of USD LIBOR by SOFR) or the modification of the 
existing index methodology (for example, in the case of overnight interest rates, the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA") for the GBP market, or in the case of forward interest rates, the Euro-zone inter-bank offered 
rate ("EURIBOR")).  
BBVA Group has a significant number of financial assets and liabilities whose contracts are referenced to IBORs, 
especially the EURIBOR, which is used, among others, for loans, deposits and debt issues, as well as an underlying 
reference rate in derivatives. Furthermore, although the exposure to EONIA is lower in the banking book, this 
IBOR is used as the underlying reference in derivatives of the trading book, as well as for the treatment of 
collaterals, mainly in Spain. In the case of LIBOR, the USD is the most relevant currency for, both, debt 
instruments of the banking book and the trading book. Other LIBOR currencies (CHF, GBP and JPY) have a 
lower specific weight. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes for which a request for admission to 
trading on a trading venue has been made, or which are traded on a trading venue or via a "systematic internaliser" 
linked to a "benchmark" for Benchmarks Regulation purpose, including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain authorisation 
or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to any applicable transitional provisions) does not have 
equivalent regulation. In such event, depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of 
the Notes, the Notes could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted; and 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the terms of 
the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or 
level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of 
the Notes, including calculation agent determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event may arise if any of the following circumstances occurs or will occur: (1) a 
benchmark is materially changed or permanently cancelled, or (2) (i) the relevant authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of the benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, (ii) an application for authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is rejected or (iii) any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or inclusion 
in any official register is withdrawn. 
In the United Kingdom, the national government has extended the legislation originally put in place to cover 
LIBOR to regulate a number of additional major United Kingdom-based financial benchmarks in the fixed 
income, commodity and currency markets, which could be further expanded in the future. 
The FCA has also released "Financial Benchmarks: Thematic review of oversight and controls," which reviewed 
the activities of firms in relation to a much broader spectrum of "benchmarks" that ultimately could impact inputs, 
governance and availability of certain "benchmarks." The Chief Executive of the United Kingdom FCA, which 
regulates LIBOR, released a statement on 5 March 2021 announcing the future cessation or loss of 
representativeness of the thirty-five LIBOR benchmark settings currently published by ICE Benchmark 
Administration, an authorised administrator, regulated and supervised by the FCA. Pursuant to the latest FCA 
statement, publication of (i) all euro LIBOR and Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the spot next, 1-week, 2-month and 
12-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings, 
and the 1-week and 2-month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 31 December 2021 and (ii) 
the overnight and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 30 June 2023. In relation to 
the remaining LIBOR settings (that is, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling, US dollar and Japanese yen 
LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult or continue to consider the case for using its proposed powers to require 
IBA to continue publishing these settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, though the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month 
Japanese yen LIBOR settings would cease permanently at the end of 2022. Nevertheless, the FCA confirmed that, 
even if it does require IBA to continue publishing any of these nine remaining LIBOR settings on a ‘synthetic’ 
basis, such settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and the economic reality that such

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
52 
 
 
settings are intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored. Therefore, after 31 December 2021 
(or 30 June 2023 in relation to the overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings) 
all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative. 
Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on certain 
"benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; 
(ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" and/or (iii) lead to the disappearance 
of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or 
national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark" and the Calculation Agent may be entitled to make 
corresponding adjustments to the conditions of the Notes. 
Discontinuance and replacement of IBORs 
Certain base rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory scrutiny and reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, while others are still to be 
implemented or formulated as follows: 
(1) 
LIBOR 
LIBOR (published in 7 maturities and 5 currencies) ceased or became non-representative of the underlying market 
and economic reality that such rate is intended to measure immediately after December 31, 2021, with the 
exception of certain USD LIBOR settings, for which this will occur immediately after June 30, 2023. 
The EU has also amended the EU Benchmarks Regulation to include a power for regulators to designate one or 
more replacement benchmarks in certain limited circumstances for critical benchmarks or systemically important 
benchmarks where certain triggers are satisfied, relating to non-representativeness, cessation or orderly wind-
down of the benchmark or where its use by supervised entities in the European Union is no longer permitted. This 
legislation is also primarily intended to assist contracts that do not have fallbacks or do not have suitable fallbacks 
for permanent cessation. Implementing regulations designating a statutory replacement rate for certain settings of 
Swiss Franc LIBOR and for the benchmark Euro overnight index average (EONIA) were published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on October 22, 2021 and have applied from January 1, 2022 and January 3, 2022, 
respectively. 
On March 15, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2022, which includes the Adjustable Interest Rate 
(LIBOR) Act of 2021, was signed into law in the United States. This legislation establishes a uniform benchmark 
replacement mechanic for financial contracts that mature after June 30, 2023 which do not contain either clearly 
defined or practicable fallback provisions or are contractually silent on a benchmark replacement rate. The 
legislation also creates a safe harbor that shields involved parties from liability if they choose to utilise a 
replacement rate recommended by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve. 
Whilst the above legislative solutions may assist some tough legacy trades, regulators have made clear that they 
are not an alternative to active transition. Parties who rely on potential legislative solutions will not have control 
over the economic terms of that action. Also there is a risk that such legislative solutions may not be able to 
address all issues or be practicable in all circumstances and the existence of different solutions in different 
jurisdictions could also give rise to potential conflicts of law in the absence of harmonisation. 
(2) 
EURIBOR 
Unlike LIBOR, EURIBOR is expected to continue to be published by the European Money Markets Institute 
(EMMI) using a reformed or hybrid methodology, in compliance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation. However, 
no assurance can be given this will be the case and any changes may result in payments under the Notes being 
different from those originally anticipated, and could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
the Notes. The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and, 
on May 11, 2021, its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. The guiding 
principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without 
robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. Investors should understand 
the risks on the fallbacks outlined in the risk factor "Key risks relating to the reform and eventual replacements of 
IBORs with risk free rates" below.

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
53 
 
 
(3) 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR, and €STR as reference rates for Notes 
that pay a floating rate of interest  
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, in respect of the Notes 
will be determined by reference to SONIA, SOFR, or €STR, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, will be 
determined by reference to the Compounded Daily SONIA, Weighted Average SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR (including on the basis of the SOFR Index published on the NY Federal Reserve Website), SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean, or Compounded Daily €STR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In each case, such rate 
will differ from the relevant LIBOR or EURIBOR rate in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) that compounded daily rates or weighted average rates are backwards-looking, risk-free overnight rates 
and, in the case of SOFR, secured, and single daily rates are risk-free overnight non-term rates, whereas LIBOR 
and EURIBOR are expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element 
based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, and 
€STR may behave materially differently as floating rates of interest in respect of the Notes.  
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  Certain 
administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. Hypothetical 
data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical performance data may 
be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. 
The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels.  Prior observed 
patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may 
change in the future.  Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future 
performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
The ongoing development of compounded daily SONIA, SOFR, and €STR as reference rates in the capital 
markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-, SOFR-, and €STR-based rates for such markets and the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a SONIA, SOFR, or €STR rate, as applicable.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR, or €STR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, or €STR 
that are issued under the Programme. In contrast to Notes that pay a floating rate of interest referencing LIBOR 
or EURIBOR, if Notes referencing compounded daily or single daily SONIA, SOFR, or €STR are redeemed early 
and accrued interest is payable on such redemption in respect of a period which is not an Interest Period, the final 
Rate of Interest or Rate in respect of such Notes will only be determined at the due date for redemption.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA, SOFR, or €STR reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA, SOFR, or €STR in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Any such mismatch between the adoption of SONIA, SOFR, 
or €STR reference rates across these markets may adversely impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which a Noteholder has in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes referencing a SONIA, 
SOFR, or €STR rate and could have a material adverse impact on such Noteholders' investments.  
To the extent the SONIA, SOFR, or €STR rate is not published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate 
of Interest or Rate will be determined using the fall-back provisions set out in the Conditions. Any of these fall-
back provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, 
the payments that would have been made on the Notes if the SONIA, SOFR, or €STR rate had been so published 
as expected as of the Issue Date of the Notes. In addition, application of the fall-back provisions may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate of interest to the Notes. 
(4) 
Investors will not know in advance the interest amount payable on Notes which is calculated by reference 
to SOFR, SONIA or €STR 
The Rate of Interest or Rate in respect of the Notes may be calculated by reference to SOFR, SONIA or €STR. 
Because each of SOFR, SONIA and €STR is an overnight funding rate, interest on Notes that reference SOFR, 
SONIA and €STR with Interest Periods longer than overnight will be calculated on the basis of (a) the arithmetic 
mean of the relevant Rate, over the relevant Interest Period, where the relevant Rate is fixed for a certain number 
of days prior to the end of such Interest Period or (b) a compounded relevant Rate (i) in respect of the Interest 
Period, provided that the relevant Rate used as the basis for calculation is that which was observed a specified 
number of days prior or (ii) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to the relevant Interest 
Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such Interest Period or (c) calculated by 
reference to the relevant index, as applicable. As a consequence of these calculation methods, the amount of

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
54 
 
 
interest payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant 
interest payment date. Investors therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will be payable on 
such Notes and there is a possibility that such amount could be lower than expected and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact 
the liquidity of such Notes. 
The Notes are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 
The Notes are not deposits or savings accounts and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
or any other governmental agency of the United States or any other jurisdiction. In the event that the Issuer or the 
Guarantor is unable to pay or settle the Issuer's obligations under the Notes, investors risk losing their entire 
investment. 
3.6 
Risk Factor relating to Sustainable Notes 
The application of the net proceeds of Sustainable Notes may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for 
an investor's investment criteria  
Prospective investors in any Notes, where it is specified in "Reasons for the Offer" in paragraph 4 in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms that the net proceeds are to be separately identified and applied by the Guarantor for 
"green", "social" or "sustainability" purposes as defined in "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus 
("Green Notes", "Social Notes" or "Sustainability Notes", respectively and together, "Sustainable Notes"), 
should have regard to the information provided concerning the use of the net proceeds of those Sustainable Notes 
and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such 
Sustainable Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance 
is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer that the use of such proceeds will satisfy, whether in whole or 
in part, any present or future expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "social" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or 
as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green", "social" or "sustainable" 
or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop 
over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change. Accordingly, no assurance is or 
can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any such project or will meet any 
or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled 
performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any such project.  
A basis for the determination of such "green" project definition has been established in the EU with the publication 
in the Official Journal of the EU on June 22, 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of June 18, 2020 (the "Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy"). The EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission 
through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. While the Guarantor's Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Bond 
Framework 
(April 
2018) 
published 
on 
its 
website 
and 
applicable 
to 
the 
Issuer 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/BBVA-SDGs-Bond-
Framework_24042018_Eng.pdf) (including as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise updated on such 
website from time to time, the SDGs Bond Framework)), is in alignment with the relevant objectives for the EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, until the technical screening criteria for such objectives have been developed it 
is not known whether the SDGs Bond Framework will satisfy those criteria.  
Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are 
established, is not certain and no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer 
as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, assessment, opinion or certification of 
any third party (whether or not solicited by the Guarantor) which may or may not be made available in connection 
with the issue of such Sustainable Notes and in particular with any projects or any other use to fulfil any 
environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is 
not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Sustainable Notes. Any 
such report, assessment, opinion or certification is only current as of the date it was issued. Prospective investors

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
55 
 
 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification for the 
purpose of any investment in such Sustainable Notes. Currently, the providers of such reports, assessments, 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime.  
While it is the intention of the Guarantor, to apply the net proceeds of any Sustainable Notes and, obtain and 
publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, the manner described 
in "Reasons for the Offer" in paragraph 4 in Part B of the applicable Final Terms there can be no assurance that 
the Guarantor will be able to do this. Nor can there be any assurance that any projects or uses will be completed 
within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment, 
social or sustainability) as originally expected or anticipated by the Guarantor.  
Any such event or failure by the Guarantor to apply the net proceeds of any of Sustainable Notes issued for its 
identified purposes or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, will not 
give rise to any claim of a holder of such Sustainable Notes against the Issuer or the Guarantor. The withdrawal 
of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification attesting that the Guarantor is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Sustainable Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 56 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
 
 
56 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the CNMV, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the financial years ended on December 31, 
2021 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/13661_Memoria-
BBVA-Global-Markets_2021.pdf) 
and 
December 
31, 
2020 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/BBVA-Global-Marlets-B.V.-
Audited-Financial-Statements-2020.pdf) prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS and with Part 9 of Book 
2 of the Dutch Civil Code; 
(b) 
the unaudited consolidated interim report of the Guarantor corresponding to the three month period ended 
March 31, 2022 available on the Guarantor's website (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/04/Financial-Statements-and-Management-Report-jan-mar-2022-BBVA-
Group_ENG.pdf); 
(c) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as at, and for, 
the financial year ended December 31, 2021 (which includes for comparison purposes financial data for 
the years ended on December 31, 2020 and 2019), and the audit report issued in respect thereof, prepared 
in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (the "IFRS-IASB"), the EU-IFRS, considering the Bank of Spain Circular 4/2017, and 
with any other legislation governing financial reporting applicable to the Group in Spain and the audit 
report issued in respect thereof and the information on alternative performance measures on pages 185 
to 198 (inclusive) of the Management Report 2021 (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/BBVA-Group-Annual-Report-and-MR-Dec-2021_ENG.pdf); and 
(d) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as at, and for, 
the financial year ended December 31, 2020 (which includes for comparison purposes financial data for 
the years ended on December 31, 2019 and 2018), and the audit report issued in respect thereof, prepared 
in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (the "IFRS-IASB"), the EU-IFRS, considering the Bank of Spain Circular 4/2017, and 
with any other legislation governing financial reporting applicable to the Group in Spain and the audit 
report issued in respect thereof and the information on alternative performance measures on pages 200 
to 210 (inclusive) of the Management Report 2020 (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/02/03-BBVA-GROUP-Annual-Report-MR-Dec-2020.pdf)  
Additionally, the terms and conditions contained in the following Base Prospectus, which has previously been 
published and has been filed with the CNMV shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (contained at pages 52 to 97), the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Payouts (contained at pages 98 to 133), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Index 
Linked Notes (contained at pages 134 to 146), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked 
Notes (contained at pages 147 to 163), the Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Notes 
(contained at pages 164 to 180), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes (contained 
at pages 181 to 191), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes (contained at pages 
192 to 197), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
(contained at 198 to 209) the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes (contained at 
pages 210 to 282) and USD Libor Benchmark Transition Event Annex (contained on pages 283 to 286), 
in each case, of the Issuer's Base Prospectus dated July 15, 2021 which is available on the Guarantor's 
website 
(https://accionistaseinversores.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/BBVA-Programme-
Base-Prospectus-CNMV-2021.pdf)  
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor and approved by the CNMV in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the 
extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the Issuer and the 
Guarantor at Calle Azul, 4, 28050, Madrid or on the Guarantor's website (www.bbva.com).

--- Page 57 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
 
 
57 
 
 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to 
herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. 
The Guarantor files periodic reports (including Annual Reports on Form 20-F (the "Form 20-F") and other 
information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), which are available on the SEC's 
website (http://www.sec.gov), and investors are referred to such reports and other information for current 
information with respect to the Guarantor. The Issuer is not subject to the information reporting requirements of 
the Exchange Act, and the Issuer does not expect that it will be filing reports with the SEC.

--- Page 58 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
58 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Notes (the "General Conditions", and each, a "General 
Condition") which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note and into each Book-Entry Note (as 
defined below) and endorsed upon each definitive Note. The Final Terms (as defined below) (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. 
The additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 1 in respect of payouts (the "Payout Conditions"), Annex 
2 in the case of Index Linked Notes (the "Index Linked Conditions"), Annex 3 in the case of Equity Linked Notes 
(the "Equity Linked Conditions"), Annex 4 in the case of ETF Linked Notes (the "ETF Linked Conditions"), 
Annex 5 in the case of Fund Linked Notes (the "Fund Linked Conditions"), Annex 6 in the case of Inflation Linked 
Notes (the "Inflation Linked Conditions"), Annex 7 in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes (the 
"Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Conditions"), Annex 8 in the case of Credit Linked Notes (the "Credit Linked 
Conditions") and Annex 9 in the case of EUA Contract Linked Notes (the "EUA Contract Linked Conditions") 
will apply to the Notes if so specified in the Final Terms (each as defined below, an "Annex", and together, the 
"Annexes") will apply where the relevant Benchmark for the determination of the Rate of Interest in respect of 
any Floating Rate Notes is a USD Benchmark Rate and where any Notes otherwise reference a USD Benchmark 
Rate. 
Reference should be made to the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) for a description of the content of 
final terms which will include the definitions of certain terms used in these General Conditions or specify which 
of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes.  
Each Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V. (the "Issuer") 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of a Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of the lowest Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Definitive Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note 
in bearer form and in registered form ("Registered Notes") (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form); and 
(iv) 
in respect of Notes in book-entry form ("Book-Entry Notes"), units of the lowest Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency 
Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Agency Agreement") dated 14 July 2022 and made between the Issuer, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
as guarantor (in such capacity, the "Guarantor") and, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, calculation 
agent and delivery agent (the "Calculation Agent" and the "Delivery Agent", which expressions shall include 
any successor calculation agent or successor delivery agent and any other calculation agent or delivery agent 
specified in the Final Terms), Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., as issuing and principal paying agent and 
agent bank (the "Principal Paying Agent" and, together with any other paying agent specified in the Final Terms, 
the "Paying Agents", which expressions shall include any successor principal paying agent or any successor or 
additional paying agent). The Final Terms may specify the exchange agent, transfer agent and registrar (the 
"Exchange Agent", the "Transfer Agent" and the "New York Registrar", which expressions shall include any 
successor exchange agent and any additional or successor transfer agent or registrar) and the transfer agent and 
registrar, the "Transfer Agent" and the "Luxembourg Registrar", which expressions shall include any successor 
transfer agent or registrar. The New York Registrar and the Luxembourg Registrar together, the "Registrars" and 
each a "Registrar", as applicable. The Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, 
the Delivery Agent, the Exchange Agent, the Transfer Agents and the Registrar are referred to together as the 
"Agents". 
The Final Terms for each Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on the relevant Note which supplement, and will be read in conjunction with these General 
Conditions.  
References to the "Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to 
or endorsed on this Note.  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded).

--- Page 59 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
59 
 
 
The payment of all amounts in respect of each Note have been guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a guarantee 
(the "Guarantee") dated 14 July 2022 and executed by the Guarantor. The original of the Guarantee will be held 
by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders at its 
specified office. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall, subject as provided in General 
Condition 1(a), mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) 
the persons in whose name the Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global 
Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the 
Receipts and any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless 
the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons (each as defined below). 
As regards Book-Entry Notes, any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to Book-Entry Notes shall 
mean the persons registered in the central registry (the "Central Registry") maintained by Sociedad de Gestión 
de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A., Unipersonal ("Iberclear") or in the 
registry maintained by the relevant member (entidad participante) of Iberclear ("Iberclear Member"). Any 
reference herein to Receipts, Coupons and Talons and to their respective holders shall not be applicable. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms 
and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant 
(the "Deed of Covenant") dated 14 July 2022 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant will 
be held by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Copies of the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar. Copies of 
the Final Terms may be obtained from the Principal Paying Agent at its specified office during normal business 
hours. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled 
to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the Final 
Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the General Conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the Final Terms shall have the same meanings 
where used in the General Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and 
provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the Final Terms, the Final Terms 
will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes are in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or registered form ("Registered Notes") or book-entry 
form ("Book-Entry Notes") in the currency (the "Specified Notes Currency") and the denomination(s) 
(the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the Final Terms and definitive Notes will be serially 
numbered. Book-Entry Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes or Registered Notes and vice versa. 
If a Note is a definitive Bearer Note (a "Definitive Bearer Note"), it is issued with coupons for the 
payment of interest ("Coupons") attached and, if applicable, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") 
attached unless it is a Zero Coupon Note (as defined below) in which case references to interest (other 
than in the case of late payment) and Coupons in these General Conditions are not applicable. If it is a 
Definitive Bearer Note that is an Instalment Note (as defined below) it is issued with receipts 
("Receipts") for the payment of instalments of principal prior to stated maturity attached. Any reference 
in these General Conditions to Coupon(s) or Couponholder(s) shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talon(s) or Talonholder(s). 
(b) 
Type of Notes 
A Note is, to the extent specified in the Final Terms, (i) a Note bearing interest on a fixed-rate basis (a 
"Fixed Rate Note"), (ii) a Note  bearing interest on a floating-rate basis (a "Floating Rate Note"), (iii) 
a Note bearing interest on the basis of specified interest amounts (a "Specified Interest Amount Note"), 
(iv) a Note issued on a non-interest bearing basis and offered and sold at a discount (other than a de

--- Page 60 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
60 
 
 
minimis discount) to its nominal amount or at par and to which the Zero Coupon Notes provisions are 
expressed to be applicable (a "Zero Coupon Note"), and/or (iv) a Reference Item Linked Note (as 
defined below). 
A Note may, to the extent specified in the Final Terms, also be (i) a Note which is redeemable in 
instalments (an "Instalment Note"), (ii) a Note upon which its denomination and payment of principal 
and/or interest may be in more than one currency (a "Dual Currency Note"), (iii) a Note issued on a 
partly paid basis (a "Partly Paid Note") with the issue price payable in such number of instalments (each 
such instalment, a "Part Payment Amount") in such amounts, on such dates and in such manner as may 
be specified in the Final Terms or a (iv) a Reference Item Linked Note. 
"Reference Item Linked Note" means a Note whose return (whether in respect of any interest payable 
(such Note  a "Reference Item Linked Interest Note" as defined in Annex 1 – Payout Conditions) on 
such Note and/or its redemption amount) is linked to one or more Reference Items, including indices (an 
"Index Linked Note") or shares or depositary receipts (an "Equity Linked Note") or inflation indices 
(an "Inflation Linked Note") or reference item rate(s) (a "Reference Item Rate Linked Note"), or 
exchange traded fund shares (an "ETF Linked Note") or fund shares or units (a "Fund Linked Note") 
or the credit of a specified entity or entities (a "Credit Linked Note") or foreign exchange rates (a 
"Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note") or EUA contracts (a "EUA Contract Linked Note") or 
any combination thereof (a "Combination Note") as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Item" means one or more underlying reference assets, entities or bases, as may be specified 
in the Final Terms. 
A Note may, as provided in the Final Terms, provide that settlement will be by way of cash settlement 
("Cash Settled Notes"); by way of physical delivery ("Physically Settled Notes"); or where Condition 
5(b)(ii) (Variation of Settlement) is specified in the Final Terms to apply, the method of settlement may 
be changed from Cash Settlement to Physical Delivery (or vice versa) at the option of the Issuer.  
 
(c) 
Title 
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes, Coupons and Receipts will pass by delivery, and title to 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers, in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. The holder of each Coupon or Receipt, whether or not such Coupon or Receipt is attached 
to a Bearer Note, in his capacity as such, shall be subject to and bound by all the provisions contained in 
the relevant Note. The Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent, to the extent permitted by applicable 
law, may deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Receipt as the absolute owner thereof 
(whether or not such Bearer Note, Coupon or Receipt shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation 
of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in 
the case of any Bearer Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out below. 
The Issuer has appointed the entity specified in the Final Terms at its office specified below to act as 
registrar of the Registered Notes (the "Registrar"). The Issuer shall cause to be kept a register at the 
specified office of the New York Registrar for the time being at 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 
10005, United States or at the specified office of the Luxembourg Registrar for the time being at 2 
Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, Luxembourg, L-1115 Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, a register (the 
"Register") on which shall be entered, inter alia, the name and address of the holder of the Registered 
Notes and particulars of all transfers of title to the Registered Notes. 
(d) 
Notes in Global Form 
For as long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note held by or on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or The 
Depositary Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, or of DTC as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard 
any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as to the 
nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for 
all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes and, in the case of DTC or its 
nominee, voting, giving consents and making requests, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant

--- Page 61 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
61 
 
 
Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" 
and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Except in relation to Notes indicated in the Final Terms as being in New Global Note form, references 
to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the Final Terms. If 
Registered Notes are represented by a Registered Global Note, such Registered Global Note will be 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common safekeeper (if the Registered Global Note is issued 
under the new safekeeping structure ("NSS")) or a common depositary (if the Registered Global Note is 
not issued under the NSS) on behalf of, in either case, Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg or in the 
name of a nominee for an alternative clearing system or in the name of such other person as the Final 
Terms shall provide. 
(e) 
Book-Entry Notes1
5 
Book-Entry Notes may be transferred and title to the Book-Entry Notes may pass, in accordance with 
Spanish law and with all rules, restrictions and requirements of Iberclear (or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Iberclear Member), upon registration in the Central Registry or, as the case may be, the registry 
maintained by the relevant Iberclear Member. Each holder of Book-Entry Notes will be (except as 
otherwise required by Spanish law) treated as the absolute owner of the relevant Book-Entry Note for all 
purposes and no person will be liable for so treating the holder of Book-Entry Notes. 
The creation of limited in rem rights or any other encumbrance on the Book-Entry Note must be entered 
in the corresponding account and effected in accordance with the then current procedures of Iberclear (or 
relevant Iberclear Member). 
One or more certificates evidencing the relevant Noteholder's holding of Book-Entry Notes in the 
relevant registry will be delivered by the relevant Iberclear Member or, where the Noteholder is itself a 
Iberclear Member, by Iberclear (in each case, in accordance with the requirements of Spanish law and 
the procedures of the relevant Iberclear Member or, as the case may be, Iberclear) to such Noteholder 
upon such Noteholder's request. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of 
such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial 
interest in another Registered Global Note only in the Specified Denominations set out in the Final Terms 
and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified 
in the Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in the name of DTC or a 
nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in whole but not in part, 
to a nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in 
part (in the Specified Denominations set out in the Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (i) 
the holder or holders must (A) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, 
with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney 
or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be 
                                                          
1  
In no event Notes to be offered or sold in the United States will be Book Entry Notes

--- Page 62 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
62 
 
 
required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful 
enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. Any 
such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time 
to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being scheduled to the Agency Agreement). Subject as 
provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a 
day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer 
Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable 
fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery 
of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail to such 
address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like Aggregate 
Nominal Amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the 
case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in 
definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated 
and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under General Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required 
to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and 
except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other 
governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period (as defined below), transfers by the 
holder of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United States or 
who is a U.S. person will only be made: 
(A) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a "Transfer Certificate"), copies of which are 
available from the specified office of any Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Note or 
beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the 
transferor reasonably believes is a QIB who is also a QP (as defined below) in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, and upon receipt by the Registrar of a representation 
letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (an 
"Investment Letter"), from the transferee of the Note or beneficial interest therein to the effect 
that such transfer is being made to a person who certifies as to its status as a QIB who is also a 
QP; or 
(B) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act (as defined below) or an exemption therefrom, subject 
to receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which 
may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable 
securities laws of any State of the United States, and, in each case, in accordance with any 
applicable securities laws of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (A) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note (as defined below) 
in global or definitive form and, in the case of (B) above, such transferee may take delivery only through 
a Legended Note in definitive form. After expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period (i) 
beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC may be 
held through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC, or indirectly through a participant in DTC and (ii) 
such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
(f) 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(A) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Note, upon 
receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect 
that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and that, in the case of a 
Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC if such transfer is being

--- Page 63 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
63 
 
 
made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the Notes 
being transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg; or 
(B) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note: 
A. 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB and 
a QP in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, or where the transferee 
is an Institutional Accredited Investor (as defined below) who is also a QP, subject to 
delivery to the Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that 
such transfer is being made to a QIB who is also a QP or to an Institutional Accredited 
Investor who is also a QP (as applicable), together with a duly executed investment 
letter from the relevant transferee in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (an 
"Investment Letter"); or 
B. 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor (as defined below) who is 
also a QP, subject to delivery to the Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the 
transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made to an Institutional Accredited 
Investor who is also a QP, together with a duly executed Investment Letter; or 
(C) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable Notes laws of 
any State of the United States, and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities 
laws of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
Notes transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors who are also QPs to QIBs who are also QPs 
pursuant to Rule 144A or outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held 
by such QIBs who are also QPs or non-U.S. investors through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as appropriate, and the Registrar will arrange for any Notes which are the subject of such 
a transfer to be represented by the appropriate Registered Global Note, where applicable. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for removal of 
the Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or refuse to remove the Legend, as the case 
may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required 
by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions 
on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
In the case of an Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP, or a QIB who is also a QP, if at any 
time the Issuer determines or is notified by the dealer in respect of the Notes specified in the Final Terms 
(the "Dealer") acting on behalf of the Issuer that such holder or transferee was in breach, at the time 
given or deemed to be given, of any of the representations or agreements set out in the Investment Letter 
or otherwise determines that any transfer or other disposition of any Notes would, in the sole 
determination of the Issuer or the Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer, require the Issuer to register as 
an "investment company" under the provisions of the 1940 Act, such purchase or other transfer will be 
void ab initio and will not be honoured by the Registrar. Accordingly, any such purported transferee or 
other holder will not be entitled to any rights as a Noteholder and the Issuer shall have the right, in 
accordance with the conditions of the Notes, to force the transfer of, transfer on behalf of the Noteholder 
or redeem, any such Notes. 
(g) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form, other than Institutional Accredited Investors, may 
exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered Global Note of the same type at any time. 
(h) 
Minimum Tradeable Amount 
Where a "Minimum Tradable Amount" is specified in the Final Terms, Notes will be transferable only 
in a minimum aggregate amount of Specified Denominations equal to the Minimum Tradable Amount 
specified in the Final Terms. 
(i) 
Definitions 
In this General Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Bearer Global Note" means a global Note (temporary or permanent) in bearer form;

--- Page 64 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
64 
 
 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of each Tranche of Notes, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated 
issue) or the relevant Lead Manager (in the case of a syndicated issue); 
"Eligible Investors" are defined as persons who are QIBs who are also QPs acting for their own account or for 
the account of other QIBs who are also QPs, or persons who are Institutional Accredited Investors who are also 
QPs, but excluding therefrom: (i) QIBs that are broker dealers that own and invest on a discretionary basis less 
than US$25 million in "securities" of unaffiliated issuers (ii) a partnership, common trust fund, special trust, 
pension fund, retirement plan or other entity in which the partners, beneficiaries or participants, as the case may 
be, may designate the particular investments to be made or the allocation thereof, (iii) an entity that was formed, 
reformed or recapitalised for the specific purpose of investing in the Notes, (unless each beneficial owner of such 
entity is a QP), (iv) any investment company excepted from the 1940 Act solely pursuant to Section 3(c)(1) or 
Section 3(c)(7) thereof and formed prior to April 30, 1996, that has not received the consent of its beneficial 
owners with respect to the treatment of such entity as a qualified purchaser in the manner required by Section 
2(a)(51)(C) of the 1940 Act and rules thereunder, and (v) any entity that will have invested more than 40 per cent. 
of its assets in securities of the Issuer subsequent to any purchase of the Notes; 
"Institutional Accredited Investor" means "accredited investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) 
under the Securities Act) that are institutions; 
"Legended Note" means Registered Notes in definitive form that are issued to Institutional Accredited Investors 
who are also QPs and Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by a Registered Global Note) 
sold in private transactions to QIBs who are also QPs in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A which 
bear a legend specifying certain restrictions on transfer (a "Legend"); 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
"QP" means a "qualified purchaser" within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act") and the rules and regulations thereunder; 
"Registered Global Note" means a global Note in registered form; 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Regulation S Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside the United States 
in reliance on Regulation S; 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
"Rule 144A Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in the United States or to 
QIBs who are also QPs; and 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any related Coupons and Receipts constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu, without any preference or priority among 
themselves and with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer present 
and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to 
creditor's right. 
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the court having jurisdiction to open an insolvency proceeding 
and the law applicable to those proceedings and their effects will be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Regulation (EU) No 2015/848, of May 20, 2015, on insolvency proceedings ("Regulation 
2015/848"), Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of May 5, approving the reinstated text of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law 22/2003 of July 9, 2003, as amended (the "Spanish Insolvency Law") and the Dutch 
Insolvency Law (faillissementswet) of September 30, 1893, as amended (the "Dutch Insolvency Law"). 
Pursuant to these provisions, the courts of the place where the Issuer has its centre of main interests shall 
have jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against it and the law applicable to the insolvency 
proceedings and their effects will be the law of the place where such proceedings are opened. 
Under Regulation 2015/848 the centre of main interests should correspond to the place where the debtor 
conducts the administration of its interests on a regular basis and is therefore ascertainable by third 
parties. In the case of a company or legal person, Regulation 2015/848 presumes, in the absence of proof

--- Page 65 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
65 
 
 
to the contrary, that the place of its registered office is the centre of main interests. Based on this 
presumption a Dutch court may consider that it has jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against 
the Issuer. Notwithstanding this presumption, it is arguable that the centre of main interests of the Issuer 
should be considered to be located in Spain and that the Spanish courts should be the courts with 
jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against it. In addition, even if the centre of main interests of 
the Issuer were not in Spain, the Spanish court could still open insolvency proceedings (named territorial 
insolvency proceedings) if they consider that the Issuer has an establishment within the territory of Spain, 
the effects of which would be limited to the assets of the Issuer situated in Spain. 
In the event of insolvency (faillissement) of the Issuer declared by a Dutch court (either principal or 
territorial proceedings), claims relating to Notes will be pari passu claims (concurrente vorderingen) as 
defined in the Dutch Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate 
(boedelschuld) and credits with a privilege (voorrecht). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits 
and the rights of shareholders. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer declared by a Spanish court (either principal or 
territorial insolvency proceedings) claims relating to Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to 
article 309 of the Spanish Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in 
the Spanish Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos 
contra la masa) and privileged credits (créditos privilegiados) which shall be paid in full before ordinary 
credits. The claims of all creditors against the Issuer considered as "ordinary credits": will be satisfied 
pro rata in insolvency. Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
Pursuant to article 59 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, the further accrual of interest shall be suspended 
from the date of declaration of the insolvency of any Issuer. Claims in respect of interest on the Notes 
accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer shall 
constitute subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of article 309 
of the Spanish Insolvency Law (including, without limitation, after claims on account of principal in 
respect of contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer).  
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee 
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and any related Coupons and Receipts and 
all amounts due under the Deed of Covenant in respect of the Notes and any related Coupons and Receipts 
has been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to 
the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors' rights. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor, under the Spanish Insolvency Law, claims of 
Noteholders (which are not subordinated pursuant to article 309 of the Insolvency law) will be ordinary 
credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below 
credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and privileged credits (créditos 
privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.1 
of Law 11/2015) which shall be paid in full before ordinary credits. The claims of all creditors against 
the Guarantor considered as "ordinary credits" will be satisfied pro rata in insolvency. Ordinary credits 
rank above subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
Pursuant to article 59 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, the further accrual of interest shall be suspended 
from the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Guarantor. Claims of Noteholders in respect of 
interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the 
Guarantor shall constitute subordinated claims against the Guarantor ranking in accordance with the 
provisions of article 309 of the Spanish Insolvency Law (including, without limitation, after claims on 
account of principal in respect of contractually subordinated obligations of the Guarantor). 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee and the obligations of BBVA under the 
Hedging Agreements entered into between BBVA and the Issuer in respect of any Notes are also 
subject to the application of the general bail-in tool by the Fondo de Reestructuración Ordenada 
Bancaria (the "FROB") or any other Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority pursuant to Law 
11/2015.

--- Page 66 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
66 
 
 
By its acquisition of any Notes, each holder acknowledges and accepts that he may be adversely 
affected by the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority 
and the effects thereof, as further described in the Risk Factors, which may be imposed with or without 
any prior notice with respect to the Guarantee and/or the Hedging Agreements, in relation to Notes of 
any series. 
"Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority" means any of the Spanish Fund for the Orderly Restructuring 
of Banks (Fondo de Restructuración Ordenada Bancaria), the European Single Resolution Mechanism, 
the Bank of Spain and the Spanish Securities Market Commission ("CNMV") or any other entity with 
the authority to exercise the Spanish Bail-in Power from time to time, according to Law 11/2015, of June 
18, as amended from time to time, including amongst others, as amended by Royal Decree-Law 7/2021 
("Law 11/2015"), RD 1012/2015 and the SRM Regulation. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will accrue in respect of each period from (and 
including) an Interest Period End Date (or if none the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) 
the next (or first) Interest Period End Date (each an "Interest Period" and each such latter date the 
"Interest Period End Final Date")). Interest will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date falls after the Interest Period End 
Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest or other amount shall be 
payable as a result of such interest being payable on such later date. If a Business Day Convention (as 
defined in General Condition 4(j) below is specified in the Final Terms as applying to an Interest Period 
End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (i) if there is no numerically corresponding day on the calendar 
month in which an Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur 
or (ii) if any Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall 
on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in General Condition 4(j)), then, the relevant Business 
Day Convention shall apply. For the purposes of this General Condition 4(a), "Interest Period End 
Date" shall mean each date so specified in the Final Terms. If no such date(s) is so specified, then the 
Interest Period End Date for an Interest Period shall be the corresponding Interest Payment Date 
(unadjusted for any Business Day Convention unless a Business Day Convention is specified in the Final 
Terms as applying to an Interest Period End Date). 
If no Business Day Convention is specified as applicable to an Interest Period End Final Date in the Final 
Terms, except as provided in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Final Date in respect of such Interest Period, 
will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount; and 
(ii) 
the amount of interest payable on any other Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Subject to the Payout Conditions, Interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(x) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or which are Book-
Entry Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global Note or Book-Entry Notes (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount 
paid up (subject to General Condition 4(f))); or 
(y) 
in the case of each Fixed Rate Note in definitive form, the Calculation Amount (subject to 
General Condition 4(f)), 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by (i) the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined in General 
Condition 4(j) below) specified in the Final Terms and (ii) where an Interest Leverage Multiplier is 
specified as "Applicable" in the Final Terms, the Interest Leverage Multiplier specified in the Final 
Terms, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified  Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit (as defined below) being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form comprises more than one 
Calculation Amount, the amount of Interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the

--- Page 67 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
67 
 
 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
(subject to General Condition 4(f)) comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Reference Item Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and, subject to the provisions of General Condition 4(e) below and 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, each Reference Item Linked Interest Note bears 
interest on its outstanding nominal amount (or, if it is a Partly Paid Note, in accordance with 
General Condition 4(f)) in respect of each Interest Period (as defined in General Condition 4(a)). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 4(b), "Interest Period End Date" shall mean either: 
(A) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) specified in the Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the Final Terms, (x) in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes, each date which falls on the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the Final Terms after the preceding Interest Period 
End Date or, in the case of the first Interest Period End Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date and (y) in the case of Reference Item Linked Interest Notes, the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date (unadjusted for any Business Day Convention). 
Interest will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date falls after an Interest Period End Final Date in respect 
of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest or other amount shall be payable as a result 
of such interest being payable on such later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the Final Terms as applying to an Interest Period 
End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (i) if there is no numerically corresponding day on 
the calendar month in which an Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, should occur or (ii) if any Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the 
case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in General 
Condition 4(j) below), then the relevant Business Day Convention (as defined in General 
Condition 4(j) below) shall apply. Provided that, in any case, where Specified Periods are 
specified in accordance with General Condition 4(b)(i)(A) and (B) above, the Floating Rate 
Convention shall apply. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes and Reference 
Item Linked Interest Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the Final Terms. 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes 
of this subparagraph (iii), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Principal Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA definitions" as the 
applicable ISDA Definitions:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the 
Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in 
the Final Terms;  
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the Final 
Terms; and

--- Page 68 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
68 
 
 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, 
next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(1) 
OIS6 Compounding is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, OIS Compounding is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method (as defined in the ISDA Definitions); 
(2) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Compounding with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(3) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(4) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Compounding with Lockout 
is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and: 
(1) 
OIS Compounding is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, OIS Averaging is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method (as defined in the ISDA Definitions); 
(2) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, (a) Averaging with Lookback is the 
                                                          
6 OIS means Overnight Index Swap

--- Page 69 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
69 
 
 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in relevant 
Final Terms; 
(3) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms, (a) Averaging with 
Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, 
(b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period 
Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(4) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, 
if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(1) 
 the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall 
be applicable and (a) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Standard Index Method shall be applicable; or  
(3) 
the Compounded Index Method shall be applicable.  
 
References in the ISDA Definitions to:  
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Issue Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Delayed Payment" shall be references to Payment Delay; 
(D) 
"Payment Date " shall be references to each Interest Payment Date;  
(E) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; and  
(F) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
In the event of any ambiguity or other uncertainty in the application of the ISDA Definitions to 
the determination of the Floating Rate, such ambiguity or other uncertainty shall be resolved by 
the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions:  
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall 
be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate" in the 
Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to "Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-

--- Page 70 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
70 
 
 
Publication– Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
If OIS Compounding or OIS Averaging is specified as the Compounding Method or Averaging 
Method, as applicable, and "Payment Delay" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, all references in these Conditions to interest on the Securities being payable on an 
Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on the Securities being payable on 
each date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (each an “Effective Interest Payment 
Date”) instead; provided that, for the purposes of determining the ISDA Rate in resect of the 
final Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date, the Underlying Benchmark Level (as defined 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) in respect of the period from and including the date falling two 
Business Days prior to the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date shall be equal 
to the  Underlying Benchmark Level as of the date falling two Business Days prior to the 
Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(1) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities not referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
Where Screen Rate Determination (not referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR) is specified in the 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or any successor to such page or service) as at the Specified 
Time indicated in the Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., London time, in the case 
of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination 
Date (as defined below) in question plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of 
such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded, as provided above) of such offered quotations; or 
(C) 
in the case of a constant maturity swap rate (“CMS Rate”), the rate for swap 
transactions in the currency to which the CMS Rate relates with a maturity of the 
Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or any successor to such page or service) as of the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any) all as determined by the Calculation Agent or, in the event that the Principal 
Paying Agent determines it is not reasonably practicable to determine the Rate of 
Interest in such manner, the Rate of Interest will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as such rate that it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticality 
by reference to such source(s) as it may select; or 
(D) 
in the case of a rate that is based on the yield of a government bond (a "Government 
Bond Yield Rate"), the rate for a generic government bond, expressed as a percentage 
per annum, with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or any successor to such page or service) as of the Specified Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any) (all as specified in the Final Terms), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or  
(E) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is not reasonably practicable to obtain the 
rate in such manner, the rate will be determined as such rate that the Calculation Agent 
determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such 
source(s) as it may select.

--- Page 71 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
71 
 
 
In case the rate specified in the Final Terms is a TEC Rate (Taux de l'Echéance Constante), the 
offered quotation, expressed as a percentage rate per annum, with a maturity of the Designated 
Maturity calculated by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire (or successor thereto), which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or any successor to such page or service) as of the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any) (all as specified in the Final Terms), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If the Calculation Agent determines it is not reasonably practicable to determine the rate in such 
manner, the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the linear 
interpolation of the mid-market prices for each of the two reference French treasury bonds 
(Obligation Assimilable du Trésor), which would have been used by the Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire (or successor thereto) for the calculation of the relevant rate.  
In order to determine such mid-market prices, the Calculation Agent shall request five active 
dealers each to provide a quotation of its price at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question and shall determine the mid-market prices as the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations after discarding the highest and lowest of such quotations. 
In the case of (A) and (B), the Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate 
of Interest in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) 
above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time indicated above or in the Final 
Terms. The Final Terms may, if agreed by the relevant Dealer, set out such provisions in full. 
(2) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
(A) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA", "SOFR" or "€STR", the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be sum of the Margin and the 
Relevant Rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date for such Interest Period. 
(B) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with General Condition 9, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes shall, for so 
long as any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if 
(solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had 
been shortened accordingly. 
(C) 
If "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
all references in these Conditions to interest on the Notes being payable on an Interest 
Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on the Notes being payable on an 
Effective Interest Payment Date instead. 
(D) 
Definitions 
"Applicable Period" means, 
(a) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, in relation to any Interest Period, the Observation Period relating to such 
Interest Period; and 
(b) 
where "Lag", "Lock-Out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period. 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the Applicable Period. 
"𝐝𝐜" means the number of calendar days from (and including) IndexStart to (but excluding) 
IndexEnd. 
"d0" means the number of Reference Rate Business Days in the Applicable Period.

--- Page 72 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
72 
 
 
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Reference 
Rate Business Day in the Applicable Period in chronological order from (and including) the 
first Reference Rate Business Day in the Applicable Period (each a "Reference Rate Business 
Day(i)"). 
"IndexEnd" means in relation to any Interest Period, the Index Value on the day which is "p" 
Reference Rate Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. 
"IndexStart" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the Index Value on the day which is "p" 
Reference Rate Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period. 
"Index Value" means, in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day: 
(a) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate and RFR Index Determination is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the value of the SONIA 
Compounded Index for such Reference Rate Business Day as published by authorised 
redistributors on such Reference Rate Business Day or, if the value of the SONIA 
Compounded Index cannot be obtained from such authorised redistributors, as 
published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England's 
Website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database (or on such other page or website as 
may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded 
Index) on the next following Reference Rate Business Day; provided, however, that 
in the event that the value originally so published is corrected on such Reference Rate 
Business Day, then such corrected value, instead of the value that was originally 
published, shall be deemed the Index Value in relation to such Reference Rate 
Business Day; 
(b) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate and RFR Index Determination is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the value of the SOFR Index 
published by Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on 
the New York Federal Reserve's 
Website 
at 
https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr-avg-ind (or on such other page or 
website as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SOFR Index) on 
such Reference Rate Business Day (the "SOFR Screen Page"); provided, however, 
that in the event that the value originally so published is subsequently corrected and 
such corrected value is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate on the original date of publication, then such corrected 
value, instead of the value that was originally published, shall be deemed the Index 
Value in relation to such Reference Rate Business Day; and 
(c)     where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate and RFR Index Determination is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the value of the €STR 
Compounded Index for such Reference Rate Business Day as published on the next 
following Reference Rate Business Day; provided, however, that in the event that 
the value originally so published is corrected on such Reference Rate Business Day, 
then such corrected value, instead of the value that was originally published, shall be 
deemed the Index Value in relation to such Reference Rate Business Day. 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website. 
"ni" means, in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day(i), the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such Reference Rate Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the next 
following Reference Rate Business Day. 
"Non-Reset Date" means each Reference Rate Business Day(i) in an Applicable Period, the 
Reference Rate Determination Date in relation to which falls on or after the Rate Cut-Off Date 
(if any).

--- Page 73 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
73 
 
 
"Observation Period" means, in relation to an Interest Period: 
(a) 
where "Standard Shift" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
period from (and including) the date which is "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Period (and in respect of the first Interest Period, the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the date which is "p" 
Reference Rate Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); and 
(b) 
where "IDD Shift" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the period 
from (and including) the Reference Rate Business Day falling prior to the Interest 
Determination Date for the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date to (but 
excluding) the last Reference Rate Business Day falling prior to the Interest 
Determination Date for such Interest Period, provided that the first Observation 
Period shall commence on (and include) the last Reference Rate Business Day falling 
prior to the date falling two Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date. 
"p" means the whole number specified as such in the Final Terms representing a number of 
Reference Rate Business Days or, if no such number is specified, five Reference Rate Business 
Days. 
"Rate Cut-Off Date" means the following or as otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
where "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms 
and "SONIA" is specified as the relevant Reference Rate, in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Reference Rate Business Day immediately prior to the Interest 
Determination Date; 
(b) 
where "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms 
and a Reference Rate other than SONIA is specified as the relevant Reference Rate, 
in relation to any Interest Period, the second Reference Rate Business Day falling 
prior to the Interest Determination Date; 
(c) 
where "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of the final Interest Period, the second Reference Rate Business Day 
falling prior to the Interest Determination Date; and only 
(d) 
in any other circumstances, no Rate Cut-Off Date shall apply.  
"Reference Rate" means in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day: 
(a) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate 
for such Reference Rate Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
(or any successor administrator) to authorised distributors and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors) on the Reference Rate Business Day 
immediately following such Reference Rate Business Day; 
(b) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) published at or around 3:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) (yjr "SOFR Determination Time") on the New York Federal Reserve's 
Website on the next succeeding Reference Rate Business Day for trades made on 
such Reference Rate Business Day; or 
(c) 
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate for such Reference Rate Business 
Day as published by the European Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the European Central Bank

--- Page 74 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
74 
 
 
currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated 
by the European Central Bank (the "ECB Website") on the Reference Rate Business 
Day immediately following such Reference Rate Business Day. 
"Reference Rate(i)" or "REFi" means in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day(i), the 
Reference Rate for the Reference Rate Determination Date in relation to such Reference Rate 
Business Day(i), provided that where either "Lock Out" or "Payment Delay" are specified as 
the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, Reference Rate(i) (or REFi) in respect of 
each Non-Reset Date (if any) in an Applicable Period shall be Reference Rate(i) (or REFi) as 
determined in relation to the Rate Cut-Off Date. 
"Reference Rate Business Day" means: 
(a) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, any 
day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
(b) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, means 
any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which The Notes Industry and 
Financial Markets Association ("SIFMA") recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government Notes; or 
(c) 
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, a day 
on which the TARGET 2 is open for settlement of payments in euro. 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means, in relation to any Reference Rate Business 
Day(i): 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Reference Rate Business Day falling "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to such 
Reference Rate Business Day(i); and 
(b) 
otherwise, such Reference Rate Business Day(i). 
"Relevant Rate" means with respect to an Interest Period: 
(a) 
if RFR Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms (or is deemed to be not applicable as set out in the proviso to paragraph (B) 
below): 
(I) 
where "Compounded Daily Rate" is specified as the Determination Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the applicable Reference Rate specified in the Final Terms 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated as follows, with 
the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, (i) in the case of SONIA and 
€STR to the nearest one ten- thousandth of a percentage point (0.0001 per 
cent.), with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards and (ii) in the case of 
SOFR to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (0.00001 
per cent.), with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards: 
 
(II) 
where "Weighted Average Rate" is specified as the Determination Method 
in the relevant Final Terms the arithmetic mean of Reference Rate(i) for 
each Reference Rate Business Day during such Applicable Period (each 
"Reference Rate Business Day(i)"), calculated by multiplying the relevant 
Reference Rate(i) for any Reference Rate Business Day(i) by the number of 
days such Reference Rate(i) is in effect (being the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such Reference Rate Business Day(i) up to (but 
excluding) the next following Reference Rate Business Day), determining

--- Page 75 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
75 
 
 
the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Applicable Period; or 
(b) 
if RFR Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the rate calculated as follows, with the resulting percentage rounded, if 
necessary, (i) in the case of SONIA and €STR to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point (0.0001 per cent.), with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards 
and (ii) in the case of SOFR to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage 
point (0.00001 per cent.), with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards: 
 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable for any reason to determine 
IndexEnd or IndexStart in relation to any Interest Period, the Relevant Rate shall be 
calculated for such Interest Period as if RFR Index Determination had been specified 
as being not applicable in the relevant Final Terms (and accordingly paragraph (a)(I) 
of this definition and "Observation Shift" and "Standard Shift" will apply). 
"SOFR Index" means the index known as the SOFR Index administered by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator thereof). 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the index known as the SONIA Compounded Index 
administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator thereof). 
"Y" is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or if no number is so specified, 
a number reflecting the denominator for day count fractions customarily used to calculate 
floating rate interest amounts on instruments denominated in the Specified Currency and with 
an original maturity equal to that of the Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"€STR Compounded Index" means the level of the index measuring the change in the returns 
from a rolling unit of investment earning compound interest each day at €STR, administered 
by the European Central Bank (or a successor administrator). 
(3) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(x) If "Lag", "Lock-Out", “Observation Shift” or "Payment Delay" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page (and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors), 
such Reference Rate shall be: 
I. 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at the 
close of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the 
arithmetic mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous 
five days on which SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, only of those highest spreads) 
and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads); or 
II. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the Reference Rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the immediately preceding London Business Day on which 
the Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors), and 
such rate shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate for such London Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to 
(i) how the Reference Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the Reference 
Rate, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall follow such

--- Page 76 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
76 
 
 
guidance to determine the Reference Rate for so long as the Reference Rate is not available or 
has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) determined as at the 
immediately preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin, Maximum Interest Rate and/or Minimum Interest Rate is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin, Maximum Interest Rate and/or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Interest Rate and/or Minimum Interest Rate relation 
to the immediately preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have applicable to such Series of 
Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to 
the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (subject to the application of the relevant Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum 
Interest Rate in respect of such Interest Period). 
(y) If "RFR Index Determination" is specified as applicable and "Observation Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms 
If the relevant Index Value is not published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA 
reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time 
falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance 
with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA reference 
rate or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the SONIA Compounded Index for the applicable Interest Period for 
which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available shall be the "Compounded Daily Rate" 
determined in accordance with Condition 4(b)(iv)(2) where the "Observation Method" will be 
deemed to be "Observation Shift (Standard Shift)".  
(4) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
If the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, failing which the Issuer, 
determines at any time prior to the SOFR Determination Time on any U.S. Government Notes 
Business Day that a SOFR Transition Event and the related SOFR Replacement Date have 
occurred, the Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the "Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent") which will determine the SOFR Replacement. The Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Calculation Agent, (y) 
the Issuer, (z) an affiliate of the Issuer, or the Calculation Agent or (zz) such other entity that 
the Calculation Agent determines to be competent to carry out such role. 
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent will determine appropriate SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent or 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will 
(in the absence of manifest error) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders. 
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, may subsequently determine that a SOFR Transition Event 
and a related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred in respect of such SOFR Replacement, 
provided that the SOFR Benchmark has already been substituted by the SOFR Replacement 
and any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with such substitution have 
been applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR Replacement shall be deemed to be the SOFR 
Benchmark and all relevant definitions shall be construed accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, the following definitions shall 
apply:

--- Page 77 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
77 
 
 
"ISDA Definitions" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions published by the international Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
("ISDA") or any successor thereto as amended or supplemented from time to time up to the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Notes (the "2006 ISDA Definitions"); provided that if 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, ISDA Definitions means 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA or any successor thereto as amended or 
supplemented from time to time up to the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Notes (the 
"2021 ISDA Definitions"); 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event with respect to 
SOFR for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition 
Event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any 
successor thereto; 
"SOFR Benchmark" means (a) SOFR or (b) the Index Value, as applicable;  
"SOFR Replacement" means any one (or more) of the SOFR Replacement Alternatives to be 
determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR Replacement Date 
if the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, failing which the Issuer, 
determines that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have 
occurred on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination of the 
SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. Government Notes Business Day in accordance with: 
(a) 
the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement Alternatives Priority in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance with the priority set forth 
below: 
(i) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(ii) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(iii) 
Industry Replacement, 
Provided, in each case, that, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent is unable 
to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement 
Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance 
with the each subsequent SOFR Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement 
is determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest in respect of 
the relevant Interest Period and each subsequent Interest Period, subject to the 
occurrence of a subsequent SOFR Transition Event and related SOFR Replacement 
Date; 
"SOFR Replacement Alternatives" means: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment (the "Relevant Governmental Body Replacement"); 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment 
(the "ISDA Fallback Replacement"); or

--- Page 78 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
78 
 
 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for 
the relevant Interest Period giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate as 
a replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate Notes at such time and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the 
"Industry Replacement"); 
"SOFR Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the applicable 
SOFR Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
SOFR Replacement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Spread Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) determined 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement for U.S. dollar- denominated floating 
rate Notes at such time; 
"SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any SOFR 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including, but not limited 
to, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each interest period 
and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business 
day convention and other administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a 
manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no 
market practice for use of the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, 
determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner); 
"SOFR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of "SOFR Transition Event" 
the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(b) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of "SOFR Transition Event" the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; or 
(c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such consecutive U.S. Government Notes 
Business Day on which the SOFR Benchmark has not been published, 
provided that, in the event of any public statements or publications of information as 
referenced in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) above, should such event or circumstance referred to 
in such a public statement or publication occur on a date falling later than three months after 
the relevant public statement or publication, the SOFR Transition Event shall be deemed to 
occur on the date falling three months prior to such specified date (and not the date of the 
relevant public statement or publication).

--- Page 79 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
79 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any 
determination, the SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
SOFR Determination Time for such determination. 
"SOFR Transition Event" means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central bank for 
the currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for SOFR (or such component, if relevant) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark 
(or such component, if relevant), which states that the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant);  
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing 
that the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) is no longer, or as of a 
specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality that such benchmark is intended to measure and that 
representativeness will not be restored, the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) has been or will be prohibited from being used or that its use has been or 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect 
of the Notes; or 
(d) 
 the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a successor 
administrator) for six consecutive U.S. Government Notes Business Days; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the SOFR Replacement prior to the 
application of any SOFR Replacement Adjustment. 
(5) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in  
 
the relevant Final Terms: 
Effect of €STR Transition Event on Notes 
If the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, failing which the Issuer, 
determines at any time prior to the €STR Reference Time on any TARGET2 Business Day 
that a €STR Transition Event and the related €STR Replacement Date have occurred, then the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will appoint an agent (the 
"Replacement Rate Determination Agent") which will determine the €STR Replacement. 
The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by 
the Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer, (z) an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or 
(aa) such other entity that the Calculation Agent determines to be competent to carry out such 
role. In connection with the determination of the €STR Replacement:

--- Page 80 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
80 
 
 
(a) 
the €STR Replacement will replace the then-current €STR Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to the relevant Notes in respect of such determination on such date 
and all determinations on all subsequent dates; 
(b) 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make €STR Replacement 
Conforming Changes with respect to the relevant Notes from time to time; 
(c) 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent pursuant to this Condition 4(b)(iv)(4), including any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non- 
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection, in each case, solely with respect to the relevant 
Notes, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner; 
(d) 
to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this Condition and any other 
General Condition, this Condition 4(b)(iv)(5) shall prevail with respect to any Notes 
for which the Rate of Interest is calculated in accordance with this Condition 
4(b)(iv)(5); 
(e) 
the Calculation Agent may determine that it is appropriate for a €STR Replacement 
to replace the then-current €STR Benchmark and apply any €STR Replacement 
Conforming Changes in respect of any subsequent €STR Transition Event; and 
(f) 
where a €STR Transition Event or details of it are announced prior to the relevant 
€STR Replacement Date then the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may on or 
after such earlier announcement date give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 of the relevant changes which will be made to the Notes provided that 
such changes will only take effect as of the €STR Replacement Date. 
No €STR Transition Event has occurred and the €STR Benchmark is unavailable 
If, by the relevant €STR Reference Time on a relevant determination date, the €STR 
Benchmark is unavailable in respect of such determination date and a €STR Transition Event 
has not occurred, then the rate for such determination date will be the €STR Benchmark, where 
applicable, of the Corresponding Tenor, as provided by the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark and published by an alternative authorised distributor or by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the €STR Benchmark itself. If no such rate has been published by the Rate 
Cut-Off Time specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no time is so specified, 4 p.m. 
(London time)), then the rate for such determination date will be the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be a commercially reasonable alternative for the €STR Benchmark by 
applying one of the following rates: 
(1) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the €STR Benchmark; 
or 
(2) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body or any 
other supervisor which is responsible for supervising the €STR Benchmark or the 
administrator of the €STR Benchmark, 
in each case, during the period of non-publication of the €STR Benchmark and for so long as 
a €STR Transition Event has not occurred. If a rate described in sub-paragraph (1) is available, 
the Calculation Agent shall apply that rate. If no such rate is available but a rate described in 
sub-paragraph (2) is available, the Calculation Agent shall apply that rate. If neither a rate 
described in sub-paragraph (1) nor a rate described in sub-paragraph (2) is available, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine a commercially reasonable alternative for the €STR 
Benchmark taking into account where available any rate implemented by central 
counterparties and/or futures exchanges, in each case with trading volumes in derivatives or 
futures referencing the €STR Benchmark that the Calculation Agent considers sufficient for 
that rate to be a representative alternative rate.

--- Page 81 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
81 
 
 
Notwithstanding any other definitions to the contrary in these General Conditions, the 
following definitions shall apply with respect to this Condition 4(b)(iv)(5): 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a €STR Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as 
the applicable tenor for the then-current €STR Benchmark. 
"€STR Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily €STR (as defined in Condition 
4(b)(iv)(4)(A) above) of the appropriate tenor (if applicable); provided that if a €STR 
Transition Event and its related €STR Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
Compounded Daily €STR, or the then-current €STR Benchmark, then "€STR Benchmark" 
means the applicable €STR Replacement. 
"€STR Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the €STR Benchmark means 
11:00 am (Brussels time) on the TARGET2 Business Day immediately following the date of 
such determination. 
"€STR Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the €STR Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the ISDA Fallback Rate; 
(2) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current €STR Benchmark, where 
applicable for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; or 
(3) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current €STR Benchmark, 
where applicable for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current €STR 
Benchmark for floating rate Notes denominated in the currency of the €STR 
Benchmark (the "Relevant Benchmark Currency") calculated at such time. 
"€STR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any €STR Replacement, 
any technical, administrative or operational changes (including, but not limited to, timing and 
frequency of determining rates with respect to each interest period and making payments of 
interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business day convention, 
amendments to any other Condition and other administrative matters) that the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such €STR 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is 
not administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that 
no market practice for use of the €STR Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, 
determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner). 
"€STR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current €STR Benchmark: 
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of "€STR Transition Event", the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the €STR Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide such €STR Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (3) of the definition of "€STR Transition Event", the date of 
the public statement or publication of information referenced therein, 
for the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the €STR Replacement Date occurs on 
the same day as, but earlier than, the €STR Reference Time in respect of any determination, 
the €STR Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the €STR Reference 
Time for such determination.

--- Page 82 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
82 
 
 
"€STR Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current €STR Benchmark: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the €STR Benchmark announcing that the administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the €STR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the €STR Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the €STR Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the €STR 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
€STR Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the €STR Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the €STR Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the €STR Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the €STR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
€STR Benchmark; or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the €STR Benchmark announcing that the €STR Benchmark is no 
longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the 
underlying market and economic reality that such benchmark is intended to measure 
and that representativeness will not be restored, the €STR Benchmark has been or 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use has been or will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes. 
"ISDA Definitions" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions published by the international Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
("ISDA") or any successor thereto as amended or supplemented from time to time up to the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Notes (the "2006 ISDA Definitions"); provided that if 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, ISDA Definitions means 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA or any successor thereto as amended or 
supplemented from time to time up to the Issue Date of the first Tranche of such Notes (the 
"2021 ISDA Definitions"); 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of a €STR Transition Event with respect to 
the €STR Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a €STR Transition 
Event with respect to the €STR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"Rate Cut-off Time" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the European Central Bank (including any board 
thereof) or any committee officially endorsed and/or convened thereby. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Principal Paying Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined (the "Interest Determination Date"), determine the Rate of 
Interest (subject to any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the Final 
Terms) for the relevant Interest Period. 
Subject to the Payout Conditions, the Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 83 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
83 
 
 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes and Reference Item Linked Interest Notes which are 
represented by a Global Note or which are Book-Entry Notes, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Book-
Entry Notes (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) 
in the case of each Floating Rate Note, Reference Item Linked Interest Note and 
Combination Interest Note in definitive form, the Calculation Amount (subject to 
General Condition 4(f)), 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by (i) the Day Count Fraction (as defined in General 
Condition 4(j) below) specified in the Final Terms and (ii) where an Interest Leverage Multiplier 
is specified as "Applicable" in the Final Terms, the Interest Leverage Multiplier specified in the 
Final Terms, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined above) of the 
relevant Specified  Currency, one half of such a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note and Reference Item Linked Interest 
Note in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner 
provided above) for each Calculation Amount (subject to General Condition 4(f)) comprising 
the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(vi) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of subparagraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above or (d) below (as appropriate) is less than 
such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum 
Interest Rate. If the Final Terms do not specify a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, 
then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall not be less than zero. 
If the Final Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of subparagraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above or (d) below (as appropriate) is greater 
than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Interest Rate. 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation and Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in respect 
of an Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that 
if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Principal Paying Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate.  
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(viii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable), and, if applicable, to the stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the 
time being listed. In addition, the Principal Paying Agent shall publish or cause to be published 
such Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date in accordance with General 
Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
Business Day thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way

--- Page 84 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
84 
 
 
of adjustment) in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are 
for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
(ix) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, determinations, calculations and decisions made for the 
purposes of the provisions of this paragraph (b), by the Principal Paying Agent, shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable), the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, and (in 
the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Noteholders shall attach to the Principal Paying 
Agent, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Specified Interest Amount Notes 
Each Specified Interest Amount Note shall bear interest at an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 
the Specified Interest Amount as so specified in the Specified Interest Amount provisions of the Final 
Terms which shall be payable on the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date(s) also specified thereon, 
adjusted, where applicable for any Business Day Convention. For the avoidance of doubt, different 
Specified Interest Amounts may be payable in respect of Specified Interest Payment Dates. In respect of 
Credit Linked Notes only, the Specified Interest shall be multiplied by the Specified Interest Amount 
Multiplier as so specified in the Specified Interest Amount provisions of the Final Terms. If the Specified 
Interest Amount Multiplier is specified in the Final Terms as "Not applicable" the Specified Interest 
Amount Multiplier shall be deemed to be equal to 1. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when 
due, the amount due and repayable shall be the amount determined in accordance with General Condition 
6(f)(i) as its Early Redemption Amount. As from the Maturity Date, any overdue principal of such Note 
shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Accrual Yield specified in the Final Terms. Such 
interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) until the day on which all sums 
due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the holder of such Note. Such 
interest will be calculated on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each and in 
the case of an incomplete month the actual number of days elapsed in such incomplete month or on such 
other basis as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Interest on Reference Item Linked Interest Notes 
In the case of Reference Item Linked Interest Notes, where the Rate of Interest and/or the Interest Amount 
(whether on any Interest Payment Date, early redemption, maturity or otherwise) is to be determined by 
reference to one or more Reference Items, the Rate of Interest and/or the Interest Amount shall be 
determined where applicable as provided in the Payout Annex. 
(f) 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes) interest will 
accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes. 
(g) 
Interest Payments and Accrual of Interest 
Interest will be paid subject to and in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 4. Interest 
will cease to accrue on each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only 
of such Note) on the due date for redemption thereof unless otherwise provided in these General 
Conditions or any Annex and otherwise unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal or 
the payment, and/or delivery of the Entitlement as set out in the Final Terms (if applicable), is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which event interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) 
at the Fixed Rate or, as the case may be, the Rate of Interest at such day count fraction as the Principal 
Paying Agent determines appropriate or as otherwise provided in the Final Terms until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due and/or assets comprised in the Entitlement in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the holder of such Note and (ii) the day on which the 
Principal Paying Agent or any agent appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets to Noteholders has 
notified the holder thereof (either in accordance with General Condition 13 or individually) of receipt of 
all sums due and/or assets comprised in the Entitlement in respect thereof up to that date (subject, in the

--- Page 85 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
85 
 
 
case of Credit Linked Notes to which Credit Linked Interest is applicable, to the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 5). 
(h) 
Calculation Agent 
(ii) 
If a Calculation Agent is specified in the Final Terms, any determination specified in General 
Conditions 4(b) to (g) (inclusive) as being determinations to be made by the Principal Paying 
Agent will instead be made by the Calculation Agent as if references to the Principal Paying 
Agent in such General Conditions (and related provisions of the Agency Agreement) were to 
the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will notify any amount of interest to the Principal 
Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable following its determination. 
(iii) 
A Calculation Agent must be appointed for the determination of the Rate of Interest where such 
determination is other than a single determination of the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
that is made in accordance with this General Condition 4 and the related provisions of the 
Agency Agreement and without the imposition of any additional duties on the Principal Paying 
Agent. 
(i) 
Benchmark 
Where an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as defined in General Condition 6(l)) occurs in respect of a 
Benchmark which is used in whole or in part to calculate interest under General Condition 4, the 
Calculation Agent shall elect to take one of the actions described in General Condition 6(l).  
(j) 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meaning set out below: 
"Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
any Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET System) specified in the Final Terms;  
(B) 
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (the "TARGET System") is open; and 
(C) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant currency (and which, if the currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to 
any sum payable in euro, a day (a "Target Settlement Day") on which the TARGET System is 
open. 
"Business Day Convention": If any date referred to in these General Conditions which is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a business day convention would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then, if the business day convention specified in the Final Terms is: 
(A) 
the "Floating Rate Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified 
number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
(B) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day; 
(C) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 86 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
86 
 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period: 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Period End Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(C) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (a) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (b) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(D) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (a) the number of days in such Determination Period and (b) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
"Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms; 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the Interest 
Period End Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date 
prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of (1) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling 
in a leap year divided by 366 and (2) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 
366; 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 –  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360

--- Page 87 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
87 
 
 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31 in which case D1, will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day expressed as a number immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1, is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"'Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Ml" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31 in which case Dl, will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(G) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Dl" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31 in which case D2 will be 30. 
(A) 
if "1/1" or "1" is specified, one. 
(B) 
if "Not applicable" is specified then the Day Count Fraction will not be taken into 
account in any calculation of interest. 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 –  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 –  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360

--- Page 88 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
88 
 
 
5. 
Payments, Physical Delivery and Exchange of Talons 
For the purposes of this General Condition 5, references to payment or repayment (as the case may be) 
of principal and/or interest and other similar expressions shall, where the context so admits, be deemed 
also to refer to delivery of any Entitlement(s). 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
(i) 
Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect 
of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note 
at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made 
by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in a global form, at the 
close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date (the "Record Date"). 
Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated Account or 
(ii) the nominal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than US$250,000 (or integral 
multiples of US$1,000 in excess thereof) (or its approximate equivalent in any other currency), 
payment will instead be made by a cheque in the relevant currency of payment drawn on a 
Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the 
account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a 
non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in 
the Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a currency other than 
euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency (which, if such 
currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) 
in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by a cheque in 
the currency of payment drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the 
business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately 
preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in a global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant Clearing System are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) 
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such 
fifteenth day is a business day) before the Record Date at his address shown in the Register on 
the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the 
Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar 
is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the 
payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding 
paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of 
interest (other than interest due on redemption) and instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has 
made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary 
by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption 
and the final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the nominal 
amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay 
in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this General Condition 5 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost 
in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in 
respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests

--- Page 89 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
89 
 
 
in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial ownership interests. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note in 
respect of Notes denominated in a currency other than US dollars shall be paid by transfer by 
the Registrar to an account in the relevant currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or 
its nominee for conversion into and payment in US dollars in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. 
(ii) 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Definitive Bearer Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made against presentation or surrender of such Bearer Notes or Coupons, 
as the case may be, at any specified office of any Paying Agent. Payments of principal in respect 
of instalments (if any), other than the last instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made 
against surrender of the relevant Receipt. Payment of the last instalment will be made against 
surrender of the relevant Bearer Note. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of such 
instalment together with the relevant Definitive Bearer Note against which the amount will be 
payable in respect of that instalment. If any Definitive Bearer Notes are redeemed or become 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date in respect thereof, principal will be payable on surrender 
of each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts appertaining thereto. Unmatured 
Receipts and Receipts presented without the Definitive Bearer Notes to which they appertain 
do not constitute obligations of the Issuer. All payments of interest and principal with respect 
to Bearer Notes will be made only against presentation and surrender of the relevant Bearer 
Notes, Coupons or Receipts outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means 
the United States of America and except as otherwise provided in the third succeeding 
paragraph. No payment with respect to the Bearer Notes will be made by mail to an address in 
the United States or by transfer to an account maintained by the holder in the United States. 
Subject as provided below and subject also as provided in the Final Terms, payments in respect 
of definitive Notes (other than Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes) denominated in a currency 
(other than euro) or, in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes, payable in a currency 
(other than euro) will (subject as provided below) be made by a cheque in the currency drawn 
on, or, at the option of the holder and upon 15 days' prior notice to the Principal Paying Agent, 
by transfer to an account in the currency maintained by the payee with, a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such currency. Payments in euro will be made by credit or 
transfer to a euro account or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred 
specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by euro-cheque. 
(iii) 
Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will be made in the manner specified above and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant 
Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside of the United States. A record of each payment 
made on such Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment 
of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which such Global Note 
is presented for the purpose of making such payment, and such record shall be prima facie 
evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will 
be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of 
each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. No person other 
than the holder of the relevant Global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor in respect of any payments due in respect of such Global Note. 
(iv) 
Payments in United States

--- Page 90 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
90 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments in respect of Bearer Notes denominated and payable 
in US dollars will be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in the United States if 
(a) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount due on the Bearer Notes in 
the manner provided above when due; (b) payment of the full amount due at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in US dollars; and (c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences for the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
(v) 
Book-Entry Notes 
Payments in respect of the Book-Entry Notes (in terms of both principal and interest) will be 
made by transfer to the registered account of the relevant Noteholder maintained by or on behalf 
of it with a bank that processes payments in the currency in which the payment is due, details 
of which appear in the records of Iberclear, the relevant Iberclear Member or the Book-Entry 
Depositary, as the case may be, at the close of business on the Business Day on which the 
payment of principal and/or interest, as the case may be, falls due. Noteholders must rely on the 
procedures of Iberclear, the relevant Iberclear member or the Book-Entry Depositary, as the 
case may be, to receive payments under the relevant Book-Entry Notes. None of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, any Agent or any of the Dealers will have any responsibility or liability for the 
records relating to payments made in respect of the Book-Entry Notes. 
(vi) 
All payment 
The Book-Entry Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and 
regulations in the place of payment, without prejudice to the provisions of General Condition  
(Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(vii) 
Coupons 
Fixed Rate Bearer Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall include Coupons to be issued on 
exchange of Talons which will have matured on or before the relevant redemption date), failing 
which the full amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, that proportion of the full amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which the 
sum so paid bears to the total amount due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Any 
amount so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relevant missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date (as defined in 
General Condition 7) for the payment of such sum due for payment, whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to General Condition 10 or, if later, five years from the due date for 
payment of such Coupon. Upon any Fixed Rate Bearer Note becoming due and repayable prior 
to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and 
no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Floating Rate Note, Specified Interest Amount Note, 
Index Linked Note, Equity Linked Note, Inflation Linked Note, ETF Linked Note, Fund Linked 
Note, Credit Linked Note, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note or Combination Note in 
definitive bearer form all unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. Where any Floating Rate 
Note, Specified Interest Amount Note, Index Linked Note, Equity Linked Note, Inflation 
Linked Note, ETF Linked Note, Fund Linked Note, Credit Linked Note, Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Note or Combination Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto, payment of all amounts due in relation to such Note shall be 
made only against the provision of such indemnity of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable). 
(viii) 
Payments 
If any date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, then the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until 
the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other sum in respect 
of any such delay.

--- Page 91 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
91 
 
 
For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to General Condition 10) is 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant currency (if other than 
the place of presentation, any Financial Centre and which, if such currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively; or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET 
System is open; 
(B) 
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day in which the TARGET System is open; 
(C) 
each city specified as a Financial Centre (each, a "Financial Centre") in the Final 
Terms; and 
(D) 
in relation to Notes in definitive form, the relevant place of presentation; 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to, and 
including, the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it 
appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of General Condition 11. Each Talon shall, 
for the purposes of these Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on 
which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives applicable thereto; (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code"), and (iii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreement thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or in each case any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (without prejudice to the provisions of 
General Condition 7 (Taxation). 
(ix) 
Payment Disruption Event 
If "Payment Disruption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, where the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Payment Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to occur: 
(A) 
the next date for payment of any amount due in respect of the Notes will be postponed 
to the earliest to occur of (i) the date falling 2 Business Days after the date on which 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Payment Disruption Event is no longer 
occurring or (ii) the date falling 30 calendar days following the scheduled due date for 
payment of the relevant amount (the "Postponed Payment Date"), which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, may be later than the Scheduled Maturity Date. No interest shall 
accrue and no Event of Default will result on account of such postponement; and 
(B) 
(i) in the case of (A)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant amount due in respect of 
the Notes in the Specified Currency on the Postponed Payment Date, or (ii) in the case 
of (A)(ii) above, the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13, and (i) convert the relevant amount due in respect of the Notes into U.S. 
Dollars using the rate of exchange between the Specified Notes Currency and the U.S. 
Dollar that the Calculation Agent determines 5 Business Days prior to the Postponed 
Payment Date and taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. The 
Issuer will pay such amount in U.S. Dollars less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates (if any) of amending or unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements in connection with such Payment Disruption Event and/or the related

--- Page 92 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
92 
 
 
payment, and the Issuer shall have no further obligations whatsoever for the relevant 
payment under the Notes or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that it is not 
possible to determine the rate of exchange, the Issuer may early redeem all the Notes 
at an amount in U.S. Dollars determined pursuant to General Condition 6(f). 
For the purposes of the above, "Payment Disruption Event" means an event which (a) prevents, restricts 
or delays the Issuer from converting or delivering relevant currencies, (b) imposes capital or exchange 
controls, (c) implements changes to laws relating to foreign investments or, (d) otherwise prohibits or 
prevents the Issuer from making a payment or performing an obligation required of it as a result of war, 
catastrophe, governmental action or other event beyond its control, including the relevant currencies 
exclusion as full settlement currency in the clearing systems where the Notes settled on the Issue Date. 
(b) 
Physical Delivery 
(i) 
Physical Delivery 
(A) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In relation to Notes to be redeemed by delivery or, in the case of Credit Linked Notes 
to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, Delivery (as such term is defined in 
the Credit Linked Conditions) of the Entitlement(s) (as defined below), in order to 
obtain delivery or Delivery, as the case may be, of the Entitlement in respect of any 
Note, the relevant Noteholder must: 
(1) 
if such note is a Book-Entry Note: 
I. 
where the Entitlement is also a security (or securities) included in 
Iberclear's book-entry register, then the Delivery Agent as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the "Delivery Agent") must receive 
instructions from each Iberclear participant entity holding Book-
Entry Notes on the Cut-off Date.  Such instructions shall include 
complete settlement instructions, incorporating relevant information 
in respect of the Noteholders holding Book-Entry Notes through 
each Iberclear participant entity and such instructions shall include 
(or be accompanied by) certification as to non U.S. beneficial 
ownership.  Each Iberclear participant holding Book-Entry Notes 
must block such Book-Entry Notes from and including the Cut-off 
Date; and 
II. 
where the Entitlement comprises an instrument (or instruments) that 
is not included in Iberclear's book-entry register, each Iberclear 
participant holding Book-Entry Notes on the Cut-Off Date must send 
timely and full settlement instructions to the Delivery Agent 
sufficient to allow the Issuer, or, where applicable, the Delivery 
Agent acting on the Issuer's behalf, to make delivery or Delivery of 
the Entitlement in the relevant clearing system (where relevant) or 
otherwise on the Delivery Date or the Credit Settlement Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with the provisions of this General 
Condition (b) and such instructions shall include (or be accompanied 
by) certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership. 
III. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the settlement instructions 
contemplated by this sub-paragraph (1) apply, this replaces the 
requirement to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with 
the provisions below.  All instructions for settlement to be delivered 
in accordance with this sub-paragraph (1) will be referred to as the 
"Iberclear Settlement Instruction". If such Note is represented by 
a Global Note, deliver to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
applicable), with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent and any entity 
appointed by the Issuer to deliver or Deliver, as the case may be, the 
Entitlement on its behalf (the "Delivery Agent") no later than the 
close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a

--- Page 93 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
93 
 
 
duly completed asset transfer notice substantially in the form set out 
in the Agency Agreement (the "Asset Transfer Notice"); and 
(2) 
if such Note is represented by a Global Note, deliver to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable), with a copy to the Principal Paying 
Agent and any entity appointed by the Issuer to deliver or Deliver, as the case 
may be, the Entitlement on its behalf no later than the close of business in 
each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer 
Notice; and 
(3) 
if such Note is in definitive form, deliver (i) if such Note is a Bearer Note, to 
any Paying Agent or (ii) if such Note is a Registered Note, to the Registrar or 
any Paying Agent, in each case, with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Delivery Agent (as defined above) no later than the close of business 
in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset 
Transfer Notice. 
For the purposes hereof, "Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the Final 
Terms or if not so specified (a) in respect of a Note that is not a Credit Linked Note to 
which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, the fifth Business Day immediately 
preceding the Delivery Date or (b) in respect of a Credit Linked Note to which Credit 
Linked Redemption is applicable, the third Business Day immediately preceding the 
Credit Settlement Date. 
A form of Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Paying Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Note is represented by a 
Global Note, in such manner as is acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, or (ii) if such Note is in definitive form, in writing. 
If a Note is in definitive form, it must be delivered together with the duly completed 
Asset Transfer Notice. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(1) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant 
Noteholder and the person from whom the Issuer or Delivery Agent may 
obtain details for the delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement; 
(2) 
specify the series number of the Notes and the number of Notes which are the 
subject of such notice; 
(3) 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, specify the nominal amount 
of Notes which are the subject of such notice and the number of the 
Noteholder's account at the relevant Clearing System to be debited with such 
Notes and irrevocably instruct and authorise the relevant Clearing System to 
debit the relevant Noteholder's account with such Notes on or before the 
Delivery Date or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes to which Credit Linked 
Redemption is applicable) the Credit Settlement Date; 
(4) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses (as defined below) and, in the case 
of Notes represented by a Global Note, an authority to the relevant Clearing 
System to debit a specified account of the Noteholder with the relevant 
Clearing System in respect thereof and to pay such Expenses; 
(5) 
include such details as are required for delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement 
which may include account details and/or the name and address of any 
person(s) into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered 
and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing the 
Entitlement are to be delivered or Delivered and specify the name and number 
of the Noteholder's account to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, 
(including, where applicable, pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 1, in 
respect of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement) or any dividends 
relating to the Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement

--- Page 94 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
94 
 
 
Disruption Event or a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer 
electing to pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount or Failure to Deliver 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, or as a result of the Issuer electing to pay 
the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount (each as defined below); 
(6) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a U.S. person (as defined 
in the Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is not being redeemed within the 
United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other 
property have been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any redemption 
thereof; and 
(7) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative 
or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
Copies of such Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained from the Registrar or any 
Paying Agent. 
(B) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly completed and in 
proper form shall be made by the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, in each case in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Principal 
Paying Agent(s), any Delivery Agent and the relevant Noteholder. Subject as set out 
below, any Asset Transfer Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, 
or which is not copied to the Principal Paying Agent and any Delivery Agent 
immediately after being delivered or sent as provided in paragraph (A), shall be null 
and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction is subsequently 
corrected to the satisfaction of, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, the 
relevant Clearing System, in the case of Notes in definitive form, by the relevant 
Paying Agent or the Registrar, or in the case of Book-Entry Notes by the Delivery 
Agent, in each case in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, it shall be deemed 
to be a new Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction (as applicable) 
submitted at the time such correction was delivered as provided above. 
The relevant Clearing System, Delivery Agent, Registrar or Paying Agent, as 
applicable, shall use its reasonable efforts as soon as reasonably practicable to notify 
the Noteholder submitting an Asset Transfer Notice or, in respect of Book-Entry Notes, 
the Iberclear participant entity submitting the Iberclear Settlement Instruction, if, in 
consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, it has determined that such Asset 
Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction (as applicable) is incomplete or not 
in proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents or the relevant Clearing System shall be 
liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in 
connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a 
Noteholder. 
No Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction may be withdrawn after 
receipt thereof by the relevant Clearing System, the Registrar, the Delivery Agent or a 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, as provided above. After delivery of an Asset 
Transfer Notice or an Iberclear Settlement Instruction, the relevant Noteholder may 
not transfer the Notes which are the subject of such notice. 
The Entitlement will be delivered on the date fixed for redemption (such date, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with this General Condition 5(b)(i)(B), the "Delivery 
Date") or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes to which Credit Linked Redemption is 
applicable) Delivered on the Credit Settlement Date, in each case at the risk of the 
relevant Noteholder in the manner provided below and provided that, in each case, the 
Asset Transfer Notice, or in the case of Book-Entry Notes, Iberclear Settlement

--- Page 95 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
95 
 
 
Instruction, is duly delivered as provided above not later than the close of business in 
each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date.  
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice or, in the case of Book-Entry 
Notes, Iberclear Settlement Instruction, as provided herein with a copy to each relevant 
party prior to the close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, then 
the Entitlement will be delivered or, as the case may be, Delivered as soon as 
practicable after the Delivery Date or the Credit Settlement Date, as the case may be, 
at the risk of such Noteholder in the manner set out below, provided that, if in respect 
of a Note, an Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction (as applicable) 
is not delivered to the relevant Clearing System and/or each other relevant party, as the 
case may be, with a copy to the Issuer, prior to the close of business in each place of 
reception on the 90th calendar day following the Cut-off Date then (a) if "Assessed 
Value Payment Amount" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall 
as soon as reasonably practicable following such date determine the Assessed Value 
Payment Amount (as defined below) and in respect of such Note shall pay the Assessed 
Value Payment Amount to the relevant Noteholder in lieu of delivery of the 
Entitlement as soon as reasonably practicable following determination of the Assessed 
Value Payment Amount, or (b) if "Assessed Value Payment Amount" is specified as 
'not applicable' in the Final Terms, the Issuer's obligations in respect of such Note and 
the Guarantor's obligations pursuant to the Guarantee in respect of such Note shall be 
discharged and no further liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as applicable. Upon payment of the Assessed Value Payment Amount, if 
applicable, the Issuer's and the Guarantor's obligations in respect of such Note shall be 
discharged. For the avoidance of doubt, in the circumstances described above, such 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, as a 
result of a failure to give an Asset Transfer Notice in relation to a Delivery Date or the 
Credit Settlement Date, as applicable and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to 
the Issuer or the Guarantor as applicable.  
The Issuer (or any Delivery Agent on its behalf) shall, at the risk of the relevant 
Noteholder, deliver (or procure the delivery) or Deliver (or procure the Delivery) of 
the Entitlement for each Note, in such commercially reasonable manner as the 
Calculation Agent shall in its sole discretion determine and notify to the person 
designated by the Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear 
Settlement Instruction (as applicable) or in such manner as is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. All costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses including stamp duty, stamp duty 
reserve tax, transfer tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes ("Expenses") arising from 
the delivery or Delivery, as the case may be, of the Entitlement, in respect of such 
Notes shall be for the account of the relevant Noteholder and no delivery or Delivery 
of the Entitlement shall be made until all Expenses have been paid by the relevant 
Noteholder to the satisfaction of the Issuer. 
(C) 
General 
Notes held by the same Noteholder may be aggregated for the purpose of determining 
the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Notes, provided that, the aggregate 
Entitlements in respect of the same Noteholder will be rounded down to the nearest 
whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in 
such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. Fractions of the Relevant Asset 
or of each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and in lieu 
thereof a cash adjustment calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion shall be paid to the Noteholder. 
Following the Delivery Date or Credit Settlement Date in respect of a share forming 
part of the Entitlement, all dividends on the relevant shares to be delivered will be 
payable to the relevant party according to market practice assuming a sale of the shares 
has been executed on the Delivery Date or Credit Settlement Date. Any such dividends 
to be paid to a Noteholder will be paid to the account specified by the Noteholder in 
the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as referred to in General Condition 5(b)(i)(A).

--- Page 96 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
96 
 
 
For such period of time after delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement until the Delivery 
Date or the Credit Settlement Date (the "Intervening Period"), none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable), the Paying Agents, the Registrar, any Delivery Agent or any 
other person shall at any time (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery 
to any Noteholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, 
except as provided herein, payment whatsoever received by that person in respect of 
such securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations, (ii) be under any obligation to 
exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights attaching to such securities, obligations 
or Deliverable Obligations or (iii) be under any liability to a Noteholder in respect of 
any loss or damage which such Noteholder may sustain or suffer as a result, whether 
directly or indirectly, of that person being registered during such Intervening Period as 
legal owner of such securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations. 
(D) 
Settlement Disruption 
The provisions of this General Condition 5(b)(i)(D) apply to Notes other than Credit 
Linked Notes to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable. 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement in such 
commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has determined is not 
practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event other than a Relevant Asset 
Redemption Event (each as defined below) having occurred and continuing on the 
Delivery Date, then the Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first following 
Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption 
Event, provided that, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations 
in respect of the relevant Note by delivering the Entitlement using such other 
commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the Delivery Date 
shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the 
Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. Following the occurrence 
of a Relevant Asset Redemption Event, the Entitlement Amount shall be deemed to be 
a cash amount equal to the proceeds of redemption of the Entitlement specified in the 
Final Terms less (where 'Unwind Costs' are specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms), an amount equal to all Unwind Costs (as defined below), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects 
some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Delivery Date 
for the Relevant Assets not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the 
originally designated Delivery Date.  
For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement 
Disruption Event other than a Relevant Asset Redemption Event, then in lieu of 
physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof the Issuer may 
elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note by 
payment to the relevant Noteholder of the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election 
is given to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. Payment of the 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. The Calculation Agent 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred.  
No Noteholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Note in the 
event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, 
the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First 
Entity. For these purposes, control means ownership of a majority of the voting power 
of an entity;

--- Page 97 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
97 
 
 
"Disruption Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any relevant Note, the 
fair market value of such Note (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption 
Event affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and 
such non affected Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the 
value of such Relevant Assets) less the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion; 
"Hedging Arrangements" means any transaction(s), asset(s) or trading position(s) the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may enter into or hold from time to time 
(including, if applicable, on a portfolio basis) to hedge directly or indirectly and 
whether in whole or in part the credit or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Relevant Asset Redemption Event" means, in respect of a Relevant Asset which is 
specified in the Final Terms to be a debt obligation in the form of a bond, that the 
Relevant Asset has been redeemed for any reason, on or prior to the Maturity Date of 
the Notes; 
"Settlement Business Day" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms;  
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, as a result 
of which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, cannot make delivery of the 
Relevant Asset(s) using the method specified in the Conditions and/or the Final Terms; 
and 
"Unwind Costs" means the amount specified in the Final Terms (if any) or if "Standard 
Unwind Costs" are specified in the Final Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the aggregate sum of (without duplication) all costs 
(including loss of funding), fees, charges, expenses, tax and duties incurred by the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with the redemption of the Relevant 
Assets and the Notes and the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any 
Hedging Arrangements. 
(E) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
The provisions of this General Condition 5(b)(i)(E) apply to the Notes other than Credit 
Linked Notes to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable. 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applying in the Final Terms and, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to deliver, 
when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets (the "Affected Relevant Assets") 
comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the 
market for the Relevant Assets (a "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity"), then: 
(1) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Conditions, any Relevant Assets which 
are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the originally 
designated date of redemption in accordance with this General Condition (b); 
and 
(2) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof the Issuer may elect in its sole 
discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note by payment 
to the relevant Noteholder of the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of 
such election is given to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13. Payment of the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount will be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13. The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 
that the provisions of this General Condition 5(b)(i)(E) apply.

--- Page 98 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
98 
 
 
For the purposes hereof, "Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount" means, in respect 
of any relevant Note, the fair market value of such Note (taking into account, the 
Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement which have been duly delivered as 
provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets), less the cost to the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(ii) 
Variation of Settlement 
If the Final Terms indicate that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of the 
Notes, the Issuer may at its sole and unfettered discretion in respect of each such Note, elect not 
to pay the relevant Noteholders the Final Redemption Amount or to deliver or procure delivery 
of the Entitlement to the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof to deliver 
or procure delivery of the Entitlement or make payment of the Final Redemption Amount on 
the Maturity Date to the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be. Notification of such election 
will be given to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 and the provisions of 
General Condition 5(b) (Physical Delivery) shall apply accordingly. Where so specified in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall give not less than the minimum period of notice and/or not more 
than the maximum period of notice. 
(iii) 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount 
Notwithstanding any provision of these General Conditions to the contrary, the Issuer may, in 
its sole and absolute discretion in respect of Notes to which this General Condition 5(b) applies, 
if the Calculation Agent determines (in its sole and absolute discretion) that the Relevant Asset 
or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprises assets which are not freely tradable, elect 
either (i) to substitute for the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, an 
equivalent value (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) of 
such other assets which the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
are freely tradable (the "Substitute Asset" or the "Substitute Assets", as the case may be) or 
(ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement or the Substitute Asset or Substitute 
Assets, to the relevant Noteholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant 
Noteholder on the Delivery Date of an amount equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement 
on or about the time of so electing as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion by reference to such sources as it considers appropriate (the "Alternate 
Cash Redemption Amount"). Notification of any such election will be given to Noteholders 
in accordance with General Condition 13 and in the event that the Issuer elects to pay the 
Alternate Cash Redemption Amount such notice shall give details of the manner in which such 
amount shall be paid. 
For purposes hereof, a "freely tradable" security shall mean (i) with respect to the United 
States, a security which is registered under the Securities Act or not restricted under the 
Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of such security and not purchased 
from an affiliate of the issuer of such security or which otherwise meets the requirements of a 
freely tradable security for purposes of the Securities Act, in each case, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion or (ii) with respect to any other jurisdiction, 
a security not subject to any legal restrictions on transfer in such jurisdiction. 
(iv) 
Rights of Noteholders and Calculations 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent, any Delivery Agent 
and the Agents shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions in any calculation or 
determination in respect of the Notes. 
The purchase of Notes does not confer on any holder of such Notes any rights (whether in 
respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
(v) 
For the purposes of the General Conditions: 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or 
any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, 
control means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity; and

--- Page 99 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
99 
 
 
"Assessed Value Payment Amount" means, in respect of a Note, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the assets comprised in the Entitlement in 
respect of such Note less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
relating hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note (other than a 
Credit Linked Note to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable) will be redeemed by the Issuer at 
its relevant Final Redemption Amount in the Specified  Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the 
Final Terms or, if (i) Physical Settlement is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (each such Note a 
"Physical Delivery Note") or (ii) Variation Settlement is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
the Issuer exercises such option, by delivery of the Entitlement (as provided in General Condition 5(b) 
above) on the Delivery Date. Notes may not be redeemed other than in accordance with these General 
Conditions and any applicable Annex. 
The "Final Redemption Amount" shall be, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, an 
amount in respect of each Calculation Amount, equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by: (i) the 
percentage, or (ii) the Final Payout specified in the Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Final 
Payout is zero or negative, no amount shall be payable on the final redemption of the Note. 
The "Entitlement", in respect of each Calculation Amount, shall be a quantity of the Relevant Asset(s) 
(and any cash amount to be delivered as a result of rounding down) specified in the Final Terms equal to 
the Entitlement Amount specified in the Final Terms or, in the case of Credit Linked Notes to which 
Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, the Deliverable Obligations to be delivered pursuant to the 
Credit Linked Conditions. If the Relevant Asset is specified in the Final Terms to be a debt obligation in 
the form of a bond (a "Bond Asset"), the Entitlement in respect of each Calculation Amount, shall be a 
nominal amount of such Bond Asset (and any cash amount to be delivered as a result of rounding down) 
specified in the Final Terms having a face value equal to the Entitlement Amount specified in the Final 
Terms. In respect of any Bond Asset (i) the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments as it, in its 
sole and absolute discretion determines to be necessary, to the Entitlement to be so delivered, in order to 
take account of any redenomination, subdivision, consolidation, reclassification or any event having a 
dilutive or concentrative effect on the value of the Bond Asset; or (ii) if such Bond Asset is converted 
into or exchanged for other securities in accordance with the terms of any voluntary or involuntary 
exchange or restructuring programme, the Entitlement shall be a nominal amount of the such converted 
securities or securities for which the Bond Asset has been exchanged, having a face value equal to the 
Entitlement Amount. If the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that such 
securities are not freely tradable, the provisions of General Condition 5(b)(iii)(Issuer's Option to 
Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount) shall apply. 
"Relevant Asset(s)" means the relevant asset(s) so specified in the Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with General Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
(A) on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged under Spanish law to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in General 
Condition 7 or the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment 
by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts 
(as defined in General Condition 7); or (B) there is any change after the Issue Date of the Notes 
in the application or binding official interpretation of the Spanish laws or regulations as a result 
of which withholding tax is applicable to the Notes, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the issue date of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
in the case of (i)(A) above, such obligation to pay additional amounts cannot be avoided by the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it,

--- Page 100 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
100 
 
 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this General Condition 6, the Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the Guarantor shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer (or if at the time that such certification is to be given the Issuer has only one 
Director, such certificate may be signed by such Director) or, as the case may be, by a duly authorised 
signatory of the Guarantor stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred, an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts. 
Each Note redeemed pursuant to this General Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in General Condition 6(f) below and no further interest will be payable since the 
immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date. 
(c) 
Redemption for Illegality  
In the event that the Issuer determines in good faith that the performance of its obligations under the 
Notes or that any arrangements made to hedge its obligations under the Notes has or will become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any applicable 
present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, 
legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, the Issuer having given not less 
than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, 
each Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below and no 
further interest will be payable since the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, if none, the 
Issue Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If "Issuer Call Option" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 5 Business Days' (or such other notice period specified in the Final Terms) notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not less than 4 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and each at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined on the Optional Redemption Valuation Date in the 
manner specified in, the Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any partial redemption must be of a nominal amount equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount or, if applicable, a Higher Redemption Amount as specified in the Final 
Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will 
be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion) and/or DTC, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note or in the case 
of Redeemed Notes that are represented by Book-Entry Notes, the rules of Iberclear or the Book-Entry 
Depository (as the case may be), not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date 
of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance 
with General Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate 
nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same proportion to 
the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of definitive 
Notes outstanding bears to the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes outstanding, in each case on the 
Selection Date, provided that the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by 
definitive Notes shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the 
Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global 
Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. No exchange of the relevant Global Note will 
be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed

--- Page 101 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
101 
 
 
for redemption pursuant to this paragraph (d) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection Date.  
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Noteholder Put) 
If "Noteholder Put Option" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 13 not less than 15 or more than 30 days' 
notice (or such other minimum and/or maximum notice period specified in the Final Terms) (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem in whole but not in 
part, subject to and in accordance with the terms specified in the Final Terms, such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined on the Optional 
Redemption Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of the Notes its holder must, if the Notes are in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, deliver at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) 
at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar 
falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time 
being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required 
to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this General Condition 6(e) 
and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed. If a Note is in definitive 
bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by the Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying 
Agent concerned that the Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its 
control. If a Note is represented by a global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption of the Note the holder 
of the Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC (which 
may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC 
or any common depositary for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC from time to time, and, if a Note is a 
Bearer Note represented by a global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the 
relevant global Note to the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. If the Note is represented 
by a Book-Entry Note held through Iberclear, to exercise the right to require redemption of such Note 
the holder of such Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such 
exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Iberclear (which may include notice being given 
on his instruction by Iberclear, or any Iberclear member to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Iberclear from time to time. In the case of a Book-Entry Note held through 
a Book-Entry Depositary, to exercise the right to require redemption of the Note, the holder of the Note 
must within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent and the Spanish Paying Agent 
in accordance with the procedures agreed with such Book-Entry Depositary. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg and/or DTC given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this General Condition 
6(e) shall be irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to 
withdraw the notice given pursuant to this General Condition 6(e) and instead to declare such Note 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to General Condition 9.  
(f) 
Early Redemption 
For the purposes of General Condition 6 (b), (c), and (k), General Condition 9 and any circumstances 
where the Notes are to be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined below), each Note will be redeemed at an amount (the "Early Redemption Amount") calculated 
as follows, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, and no further interest will be payable since 
the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date:  
(i) 
in the case of any Note at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the second 
Business Day immediately preceding the due date for the early redemption of the Notes, 
representing such Note's pro rata share of (a) the fair market value of such Notes taking into 
account all factors which the Calculation Agent determines relevant (including, if applicable, 
any interest provision of the Note, the event which resulted in such redemption and, if they are

--- Page 102 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
102 
 
 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up) less (b) all costs incurred by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of its Affiliates in connection with such early redemption, including, without 
limitation, any costs associated with unwinding any related hedging arrangements, and all other 
expenses related thereto, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.  
(ii) 
For the purposes of (i)(a) above where the relevant Notes provide for any minimum amount(s) 
of cash or assets to be payable or deliverable this shall be taken into account in determining the 
fair market value. However, the Calculation Agent shall reduce (i.e. discount) the value of such 
amounts in determining the fair market value to take into account the length of time remaining 
to the first possible date on which such amount(s) would otherwise have been payable or 
deliverable. Such discounting may be determined by reference to such information as the 
Calculation Agent may select which may include risk free rate(s). 
The Calculation Agent shall also take into account appropriate values for any other amount 
which would or could otherwise have been payable or deliverable under the relevant Notes. This 
may include the element of the return on the Notes determined by reference to the relevant assets 
or reference basis(es) to which the Notes relate (i.e. a derivative element). The relevant value 
for this element of the Notes may be determined by reference to the cost at the relevant time of 
entering into a transaction to provide similar amounts.  
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Notes 
purchased as aforesaid may, at the option of the Issuer, the Guarantor or their respective subsidiaries, as 
the case may be, be held, reissued, resold or surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for 
cancellation except that all Notes in definitive form purchased by the Issuer must be surrendered for 
cancellation. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to General Condition 6(g) above (together 
with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal 
Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(i) 
Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled on or prior to an Instalment Date, Instalment 
Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the Final 
Terms. The Instalment Amount payable on an Instalment Date shall be, unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount in respect of each Calculation Amount, which may be an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to (i) Calculation Amount multiplied by an Instalment Factor (if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) and multiplied by a Final Payout (for such purposes an "Instalment 
Payout") or (ii) in case of the last Instalment Date, the Final Redemption Amount if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, In the case of Notes in definitive form, all instalments (other than the final 
instalment) will be paid by surrender of, in the case of a Definitive Bearer Note, the relevant Receipt 
(which must be presented with the Note to which it appertains) and, in the case of a definitive Registered 
Note, the relevant Note and issue of a new Note in the nominal amount remaining outstanding, all as 
more fully described in General Condition 5. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption 
Amount will be determined pursuant to General Condition 6(f) above. 
Where the Notes are Credit Linked Notes in respect of which Instalment Amounts are payable and the 
Final Terms specify that the Credit Linked Conditions shall not apply to the Instalment Amounts, such 
Instalment Amounts shall be paid in full on each Instalment Date specified in the Final Terms 
notwithstanding the occurrence of any Credit Event Determination Date. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to General Condition 6(b), (d) or (e) above is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due

--- Page 103 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
103 
 
 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in General 
Condition 6(f)(ii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for redemption or the date upon 
which the Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable were replaced by references to the date which 
is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the Principal 
Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13. 
(k) 
Partly Paid Notes 
In the event that any Noteholder fails to pay a Part Payment Amount with respect to Partly Paid Notes 
on the due date (a "Part Payment Default Date"), such Partly Paid Notes held by such Noteholder shall 
automatically be redeemed, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, on the seventh Business Day 
following a Part Payment Default Date, each at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in General 
Condition 6(f) above and no further interest will be payable from the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding such Part Payment Default Date or, if none, the Issue Date. Following the occurrence of a Part 
Payment Default Date with respect to Partly Paid Notes, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
give notice of the occurrence of such Part Payment Default Date and resulting automatic redemption, to 
the relevant Noteholder in accordance with General Condition 13, provided that (i) failure to give such 
notice or (ii) payment of the Part Payment Amount following the occurrence of a Part Payment Default 
Date, will not void the automatic redemption of such Notes. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise in accordance 
with the provisions of this General Condition 6. 
(l) 
Redemption for the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
(i) 
Following the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer, having given not 
less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount referred 
to in General Condition 6(f) above. Interest will cease to accrue and no further interest will be 
payable from the Interest Payment Date or (if none, the Issue Date) immediately preceding such 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding General Condition 6(l)(i) above, in the event that the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent, shall 
give notice to the Issuer and the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable of the occurrence 
of such Administrator/Benchmark Event. The Calculation Agent shall then use reasonable 
endeavours to determine what amendments (if any) may be made to the terms and conditions of 
the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect 
of the relevant event or circumstance. Without limitation, such adjustments may: (a) consist of 
one or more amendments and/or be made on one or more dates; (b) be determined by reference 
to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made in relation to any 
hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes; and (c) include selecting a successor 
benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the terms of the Notes, including where 
applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing exposure to the successor 
benchmark(s), and, in the case of more than one successor benchmark, making provision for 
allocation of exposure as between the successor benchmarks. In the event that the Calculation 
Agent proposes amendments to the terms and conditions of the Notes in accordance with this 
General Condition 6(l)(ii), the Issuer shall make such amendments to the terms and conditions 
of the Notes and there shall be no redemption of the Notes. However, if the Calculation Agent 
determines, 
within 
20 
calendar 
days 
of 
the 
Issuer 
receiving 
notice 
of 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, that no amendments may be made to the terms and conditions 
of the Notes to account for the effect of the relevant event or circumstance, (A) the Calculation 
Agent shall notify the Issuer of the same and (B) upon, the Issuer having given not less than 10 
nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), the Notes shall be redeemed in accordance with General 
Condition 6(l)(i). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 6(l):

--- Page 104 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
104 
 
 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in relation to any Benchmark, the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Pre-Cessation Event a Rejection 
Event or a Suspension/Withdrawal Event. 
"Benchmark" means any figure or rate and where any amount payable under the Notes, or the value of 
the Notes, is determined by reference to such figure or rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, any of the 
following has occurred or will occur: 
(A) 
any material change in such Benchmark;  
(B) 
any public statement by the relevant competent authority as a consequence of which the 
Benchmark will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; 
(C) 
the permanent cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark;  
(D) 
the making of a public statement by (i) the administrator of the Benchmark that it has ceased 
publishing the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Benchmark); or (ii) the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Benchmark that the Benchmark has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(E) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in connection 
with the Notes as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of 
obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not 
obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or 
renewing such licence). 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011). 
"Non-Approval Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(A) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in 
respect of the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is not obtained or will not be 
obtained; 
(B) 
the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is not or will not be included in an official 
register; or 
(C) 
the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark does not or will not fulfil any legal or 
regulatory requirement applicable to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark, 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. For the avoidance 
of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not occur if the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark 
is not included in an official register because its authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence or approval is suspended if, at the time of such suspension, the continued provision and use 
of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Notes under the applicable law or regulation during the 
period of such suspension. 
"Pre-Cessation Event": a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Benchmark (as 
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (A) the Benchmark is (or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of an underlying market and such representativeness shall not 
be restored or (B) the methodology to calculate the Benchmark has materially changed. 
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body rejects or refuses, or will reject or refuse any application for authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence, approval or inclusion in any official register which, 
in each case, is required in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark under any 
applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform 
its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark:

--- Page 105 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
105 
 
 
(A) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws, or will 
suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark which 
is required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes; or 
(B) 
the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is or will be removed from any official 
register where inclusion in such register is required under any applicable law in order for any 
of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of 
the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or where inclusion 
in any official register is withdrawn if, at the time of such suspension or withdrawal, the continued 
provision and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Notes under the applicable law or 
regulation. 
For the further avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms of 
the Notes. In the event that under any such terms (i) any other consequences could apply in relation to 
an event or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event or (ii) any such terms contradict 
the terms in this Condition 6(l), the Calculation Agent shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole 
and absolute discretion. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any jurisdiction 
having the power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as applicable (or, as the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent) will account to the 
relevant authorities for the amount required to be withheld or deducted and, in the case of any taxes or 
duties imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain ("Spain") or any political subdivision 
or authority thereof or therein having the power to tax, will pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after 
such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a beneficial owner or a holder who is liable for such 
taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with Spain other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in General Condition 5(a)); or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder if such taxes or duties may be avoided by complying 
with any relevant requirement of Spanish law or by making a declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption to any authority of or in Spain, unless such holder proved that 
he is not entitled so to comply or to make such declaration or claim. 
In addition, no additional amounts shall be payable by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Paying Agent or 
any other person on account of any withholding or deduction in respect of the Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to:  
(iv) 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, any governmental 
agreement with respect thereto or any law implementing, or relating to, an intergovernmental 
agreement (“FATCA”); or 
(v) 
the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021).

--- Page 106 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
106 
 
 
In these General Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
8. 
Redenomination 
(a) 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on giving prior notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13, elect that, with effect from the Redenomination 
Date specified in the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the denomination 
of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the nominal amount of 
that Note or Receipt in the Specified  Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, 
provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Principal Paying Agent, that 
the then market practice in respect of the redenomination into euro of internationally offered 
securities is different from the provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to 
be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the 
Noteholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes may be listed and the Paying 
Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph (iv) 
below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference to the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which 
Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant Noteholder and the amount of such payment 
shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(iii) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be issued 
at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations agreed at the time by the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent; 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from 
the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") that replacement euro-
denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that such 
securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The payment 
obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also become void on that date 
although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of the 
Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be issued in exchange for 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified Notes Currency in such manner as 
the Principal Paying Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the Noteholders in the 
Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any date for 
payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(v) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the 
Specified  Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro 
account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the 
payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(vi) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on a Fixed 
Interest Date, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Calculation Amount 
(subject to General Condition 4(f)), multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined above) of the relevant Specified

--- Page 107 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
107 
 
 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention; 
(vii) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the Final Terms will specify any relevant changes to the 
provisions relating to interest; and 
(viii) 
such other changes shall be made to these General Conditions as the Issuer may decide, after 
consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to conform 
them to conventions then applicable to instruments denominated in euro. 
(b) 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified  Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Community regulations) into 
euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 1091(4) of the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of interest 
under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by the Issuer in 
the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to paragraph (a) above and which falls on or after the date 
on which the country of the Specified Notes Currency first participates in the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(i) 
a default is made for more than 14 days in the payment of any principal (including any 
Instalment Amount(s)) due in respect of any of the Notes or 30 days or more in the payment of 
any interest or other amount due in respect of any of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
a default is made in the performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any other obligation under 
the provisions of the Notes or under the provisions of the Guarantee relating to the Notes and 
such default continues for more than 60 days following service by a Noteholder on the Issuer 
and the Guarantor of a notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
an order of any competent court or administrative agency is made or any resolution is passed by 
the Issuer for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer (other than for the purpose of an 
amalgamation, merger or reconstruction (i) which has been approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or (ii) where all of the assets of the Issuer are transferred to, and all of its debts and 
liabilities are assumed by, a continuing entity); or 
(iv) 
an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings (procedimientos 
concursales) against the Guarantor or an order is made or a resolution is passed for the 
dissolution or winding up of the Guarantor (except in any such case for the purpose of a 
reconstruction or a merger or amalgamation (i) which has been approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or (ii) where the entity resulting from any such reconstruction or merger or 
amalgamation is a Financial Institution (Entidad de Crédito according to article 1 of Law 
10/2014 of June 26, on Organisation, Supervision and Solvency of Credit Entities) and will have 
a rating for long-term senior debt assigned by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, Moody's 
Investors Services or Fitch Ratings Ltd equivalent to or higher than the rating for long-term 
senior debt of the Guarantor immediately prior to such reconstruction or merger or 
amalgamation); or 
(v) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent by any competent court, 
or any order of any competent court or administrative agency is made for, or any resolution is 
passed by Issuer or the Guarantor to apply for, judicial composition proceedings with its 
creditors or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or other similar official in insolvency 
proceedings in relation to the Issuer or the Guarantor or substantially all of the assets of either

--- Page 108 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
108 
 
 
of them (unless in the case of an order for a temporary appointment, such appointment is 
discharged within 60 days); or 
(vi) 
the Issuer (except for the purpose of an amalgamation, merger or reconstruction approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution) or the Guarantor (except for the purpose of an amalgamation, merger 
or reconstruction (i) which has been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) where the 
entity resulting from any such reconstruction or merger or amalgamation will have a rating for 
long-term senior debt assigned by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or Moody's Investor 
Services equivalent to or higher than the rating for long-term senior debt of the Guarantor 
immediately prior to such reconstruction or merger or amalgamation) ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business; or 
(vii) 
an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or similar official in relation to the Issuer or the Guarantor or in relation to the 
whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer or the Guarantor and 
is not discharged within 60 days; or 
(viii) 
the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect. 
then the holder of any Note may declare such Note by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, effective upon the date of receipt 
thereof by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, (in the case of paragraph (iii) 
and, in relation to the Issuer only, (iv), (v), (vi) and (vii) above, only if then permitted by applicable 
Spanish Law) to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and 
payable at its Early Redemption Amount (as described in General Condition 6(f)), together with accrued 
interest (if any) to the date of repayment. 
For the purpose of General Conditions 9(v), (vi) and (vii) a report by the auditors for the time being of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, as to whether any part of the undertaking, business or 
assets of the Issuer or the Guarantor is "substantial" shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive. 
Noteholders may not be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the adoption 
of any resolution measure under Law 11/2015.  
The Spanish Insolvency Law provides: (i) that any claim not included in the company's accounts or 
otherwise reported to the insolvency administrators within one month from the last official publication 
of the court order declaring the insolvency may become subordinated, (ii) that provisions in certain 
contracts granting one party the right to terminate on the other's insolvency are not enforceable and (iii) 
for the further accrual of interest to be suspended from the date of declaration of insolvency (subject to 
certain exceptions). 
Sustainable Notes 
In the case of any Notes where the "Reasons for the Offer" in paragraph 4 in Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms are stated to be for "green", "social" or "sustainability" purposes as described in the "Use of 
Proceeds" section (the "Sustainable Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure"), no Event of Default shall 
occur or other claim against the Issuer or the Guarantor or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of, such Sustainable Notes arise as a result of the net proceeds 
of such Sustainable Notes not being used, any report, assessment, opinion or certification not being 
obtained or published, or any other step or action not being taken, in each case as set out and described 
in the Sustainable Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment of principal in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed upon the expiry of 10 years 
from the due date thereof and claims for payment of interest (if any) in respect of the Notes shall be 
prescribed upon the expiry of five years, from the due date thereof. There shall not be included in any 
Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon, any Coupon the claim for payment in respect of which 
would be void pursuant to this General Condition 10 or General Condition 5 above. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If any Note (including any Global Note), Receipt, Coupon or Talon is mutilated, defaced, stolen, 
destroyed or lost, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, upon payment by the claimant of the costs incurred in connection therewith and on

--- Page 109 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
109 
 
 
such terms as to evidence and indemnity, as the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. Cancellation and replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons shall 
be subject to compliance with such procedures as may be required under any applicable law and subject 
to any applicable stock exchange requirements. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders 
or the Couponholders to create and issue further Notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
13. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in one leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times). The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules of any stock exchange or any other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.  
All notices regarding Book-Entry Notes may be given by delivery to the Noteholders by registered mail 
to the addresses appearing in the relevant registries maintained by Iberclear or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Iberclear Member or by any other means which comply with Spanish law and the rules 
applicable to the giving of notices to investors and, if the Book-Entry Notes are listed on the AIAF Fixed 
Income Securities Market ("AIAF") or listed on in a Spanish MTF, the rules of AIAF or of the relevant 
Spanish MTF. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their 
respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day 
after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority, such notice will be published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, notice may be given (so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or DTC (instead of by way of publication in a newspaper or mailing)) by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by them to the 
holders of the Notes- For so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to listing by 
another relevant authority, such notice will be also published in a manner which complies with the rules 
of that stock exchange or relevant authority by the Issuer. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the holders of the Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes 
are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any 
of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting 
may and, if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall be convened by the Issuer. At a meeting of the holders of 
the Notes for the purpose of, amongst others, approving a modification or amendment to, or obtaining a

--- Page 110 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
110 
 
 
waiver of any covenant or condition set forth in the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency 
Agreement, persons entitled to vote a majority in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes at the time 
outstanding shall constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum at any such meeting that is not a 
meeting convened upon the requisition of Noteholders, within 30 minutes of the time appointed for such 
meeting, the meeting may be adjourned for a period of not less than 14 days, in the absence of a quorum 
any meeting that is convened on the requisition of Noteholders shall be dissolved; the persons entitled to 
vote a majority in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding shall constitute a 
quorum for the taking of any action set forth in the notice of the original meeting. At a meeting or an 
adjourned meeting duly convened and at which a quorum is present as aforesaid, any Extraordinary 
Resolution to, amongst others, modify or amend any of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any 
provisions of the Agency Agreement (other than those items specified in General Conditions 14(i) and 
(ii)), or to waive compliance with, any of the terms and conditions of the Notes shall be effectively passed 
if passed by a majority consisting of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast. 
The Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision or 
is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law 
of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer or the Guarantor are incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders, in accordance with General Condition 13 
as soon as practicable thereafter. 
15. 
Agents and Registrar 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or 
appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(ii) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer 
Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be required 
by the rules and regulations of such other stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(iii) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified  Currency other than US 
dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office 
in New York City in the circumstances described in General Condition 5(a). Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of 
immediate effect) after not less than 30 or more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13, provided that no such variation, termination, 
appointment or changes shall take effect (except in the case of insolvency) within 7 days before any due 
date for the payment of any Note or any related Receipt or Coupon. Notice of all changes in the identities 
or specified offices of any Agent will be given promptly by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents will act solely as agents of each of the Issuer and 
Guarantor (if applicable) and do not assume any obligations or relationship of agency or trust to or with 
the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, except that (without affecting the obligations of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) to the Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders, to repay 
Notes and pay interest thereon) funds received by the Principal Paying Agent for the payment of the 
principal of or interest on the Notes shall be held by it in trust for the Noteholders and/or Receiptholders 
or Couponholders until the expiration of the relevant period of prescription under General Condition 10. 
The Issuer will agree to perform and observe the obligations imposed upon it under the Agency

--- Page 111 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
111 
 
 
Agreement. The Agency Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the Paying Agents 
and for relief from responsibility in certain circumstances, and entitles any of them to enter into business 
transactions with the Issuer and any of its subsidiaries without being liable to account to the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any resulting profit. 
All calculations, determinations, decisions, selections, elections and opinions made by the Calculation 
Agent shall be made in its discretion in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes, having regard in 
each case to any criteria stipulated therein, and shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the other Agents and the Noteholders.  
In exercising its discretion as described above, the Calculation Agent may take into account such factors 
as it determines appropriate in each case, which may include, in particular, any circumstances or events 
which have or may have a material impact on the hedging arrangements (as described below) entered 
into by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any other relevant party (each a "Relevant Party") 
in respect of the Notes. The exercise of the Calculation Agent's discretion in respect of the Notes as 
provided herein is necessary because certain circumstances or events (for example a material 
modification or disruption to a relevant asset(s) to which the Notes are linked) may occur subsequent to 
the issuance of the Notes which may materially affect the costs to the Relevant Party of maintaining the 
Notes or any relevant hedging arrangements. Such circumstances or events may not have been reflected 
in the pricing of the Notes. In addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. unavailability 
or disruption to any reference source) it may no longer be reasonably practicable or otherwise appropriate 
for certain valuations in respect of any relevant asset(s) to which the Notes are linked or otherwise in 
connection with the Notes to be made, thus making it necessary for the Calculation Agent to exercise its 
discretion in such a case. 
16. 
Substitution 
(a) 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(i) 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders (and by subscribing any Notes, each 
Noteholder expressly consents to it), be replaced and substituted by the Guarantor or any other 
company of which 100 per cent. of the shares or other equity interests (as the case may be) 
carrying the right to vote are directly or indirectly owned by the Guarantor as principal debtor 
(in such capacity, the "Substituted Debtor") in respect of the Notes provided that: 
(A) 
a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the Substituted 
Debtor, the representative for the relevant Series of Notes in the applicable public deed 
of issuance (the "Representative"), the Issuer and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the 
Guarantor) the Guarantor as may be necessary to give full effect to the substitution 
(together the "Documents") and (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) 
pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of each Noteholder 
to be bound by the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant, as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had 
been named in the Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant as the 
principal debtor in respect of the Notes in place of the Issuer (or any previous 
substitute) and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) pursuant to which the 
Guarantor shall unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee (the "New Guarantee") in 
favour of each Noteholder the payment of all sums payable by the Substituted Debtor, 
as such principal debtor on the same terms mutatis mutandis as the Guarantee; 
(B) 
without prejudice to the generality of General Condition 16(a)(i)(A), where the 
Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes in a 
territory other than Spain, the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted 
Debtor and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each 
Noteholder has the benefit of a covenant in terms corresponding to the provisions of 
General Condition 7 with the substitution for the references to Spain of references to 
the territory in which the Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled and/or resident 
for taxation purposes. The Documents shall also contain a covenant by the Substituted 
Debtor and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor to indemnify 
and hold harmless each Noteholder against all taxes or duties which arise by reason of 
a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof on 
the date such substitution becomes effective, which may be incurred or levied against 
such holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this General Condition 16(a) and

--- Page 112 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
112 
 
 
which would not have been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made 
(and, without limiting the foregoing, any and all taxes or duties which are imposed on 
any such Noteholder by any political sub-division or taxing authority of any country 
in which such Noteholder resides or is subject to any such tax or duty and which would 
not have been so imposed had such substitution not been made); 
(C) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor 
and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor that the Substituted 
Debtor and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor have obtained 
all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution 
and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) for the giving by the Guarantor of 
the New Guarantee in respect of the obligations of the Substituted Debtor on the same 
terms mutatis mutandis as the Guarantee, that each of the Substituted Debtor and the 
Guarantor (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the performance by each of 
the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor (if the Substituted Debtor is not the 
Guarantor) of its obligations under the Documents and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect; 
(D) 
each stock exchange which has the Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed that 
following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor the Notes would 
continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(E) 
the Issuer shall have delivered or procured the delivery to the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Registrar a copy of a legal opinion addressed to the Issuer, the Substituted 
Debtor and the Guarantor from a leading firm of lawyers in the country of 
incorporation of the Substituted Debtor, to the effect that the Documents constitute 
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor, such opinion(s) to be 
dated not more than seven days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted 
Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by Noteholders at the specified 
offices of the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar; 
(F) 
the Guarantor shall have delivered or procured the delivery to the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Registrar a copy of a legal opinion addressed to the Issuer, the 
Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor from a leading firm of Spanish lawyers acting 
for the Guarantor to the effect that in the case where the Substituted Debtor is not the 
Guarantor, the Documents (including the New Guarantee given by the Guarantor in 
respect of the Substituted Debtor) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
Guarantor, such opinion to be dated not more than seven days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection 
by Noteholders at the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar; 
(G) 
the Guarantor shall have delivered or procured the delivery to the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Registrar a copy of a legal opinion addressed to the Issuer, the 
Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor from a leading firm of English lawyers to the 
effect that the Documents (including the New Guarantee given by the Guarantor in 
respect of the Substituted Debtor) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
parties thereto under English law, such opinion to be dated not more than seven days 
prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be 
available for inspection by Noteholders at the specified offices of the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Registrar; 
(H) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have appointed a process agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes or the Documents; 
(I) 
there is no outstanding Event of Default in respect of the Notes; 
(J) 
any credit rating assigned to the Notes will remain the same or be improved when the 
Substituted Debtor replaces and substitutes the Issuer in respect of the Notes; and 
(K) 
the substitution complies with all applicable requirements established under the 
relevant laws applicable laws.

--- Page 113 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
113 
 
 
(ii) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in General Condition 16(a)(i)(A) above, the 
Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the Notes as the principal debtor in place of 
the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under these provisions) and the Notes shall thereupon 
be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents 
shall operate to release the Issuer (or such previous substitute as aforesaid) from all of its 
obligations in respect of the Notes. 
(iii) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar 
for so long as any Note remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the 
Substituted Debtor or (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor by any 
Noteholder in relation to the Notes or the Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, 
settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) 
the Guarantor shall acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Noteholder to the 
production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the Notes or the Documents. 
(iv) 
Not later than 15 London Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted 
Debtor shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
(b) 
Substitution of the Guarantor 
(i) 
The Guarantor may, without the consent of the Noteholders (and by subscribing any Notes, each 
Noteholder expressly consents to it), be replaced and substituted by another company 
incorporated anywhere in the world as the guarantor (in such capacity, the "Substituted 
Guarantor") in respect of the Notes provided that: 
(A) 
a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the Guarantor and 
the Substituted Guarantor as may be necessary to give full effect to the substitution 
(together the "Documents") and (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) 
pursuant to which the Substituted Guarantor shall undertake in favour of each 
Noteholder to be bound by the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, and the Guarantee as fully as if the Substituted 
Guarantor had been named in the Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Guarantee as 
the guarantor in respect of the Notes in place of the Guarantor (or any previous 
substitute) and pursuant to which the Substituted Guarantor shall unconditionally and 
irrevocable guarantee (the "New Guarantee") in favour of each Noteholder the 
payment of all sums payable by the Issuer as such principal debtor on the same terms 
mutatis mutandis as the Guarantee; 
(B) 
the Documents shall also contain a covenant by the Substituted Guarantor to indemnify 
and hold harmless each Noteholder against all liabilities, costs, charges and expenses 
provided that insofar as the liabilities, costs, charges and expenses are taxes or duties, 
the same arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in 
reasonable contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes effective, 
which may be incurred or levied against such holder as a result of any substitution 
pursuant to this General Condition 16(b) and which would not have been so incurred 
or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the foregoing, 
such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and all taxes or duties 
which are imposed on any such Noteholder by any political sub-division or taxing 
authority of any country in which such Noteholder resides or is subject to any such tax 
or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such substitution not been 
made); 
(C) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted 
Guarantor that the Substituted Guarantor has obtained all necessary governmental and 
regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and for the giving by the 
Substituted Guarantor of the New Guarantee, that the Substituted Guarantor has 
obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
performance by the Substituted Guarantor of its obligations under the Documents and 
that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect;

--- Page 114 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
114 
 
 
(D) 
each stock exchange which has the Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed that 
following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Guarantor such Notes would 
continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(E) 
the Guarantor shall have delivered or procured the delivery to the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Registrar of a copy of a legal opinion addressed to the Guarantor, the 
Issuer and the Substituted Debtor from a leading firm of lawyers in the country of 
incorporation of the Substituted Guarantor to the effect that the Documents constitute 
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Guarantor, such opinion to be 
dated not more than seven days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted 
Guarantor for the Guarantor and to be available for inspection by Noteholders at the 
specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar; 
(F) 
the Substituted Guarantor shall have delivered or procured the delivery to the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Registrar of a copy of a legal opinion addressed to the Guarantor, 
the Issuer and the Substituted Debtor from a leading firm of English lawyers to the 
effect that the Documents (including the New Guarantee given by the Substituted 
Guarantor) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto under 
English law, such opinion to be dated not more than seven days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Guarantor for the Guarantor and to be available for 
inspection by Noteholders at the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Registrar; 
(G) 
the Substituted Guarantor shall have appointed a process agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes or the Documents; 
(H) 
there is no outstanding Event of Default in respect of the Notes; 
(I) 
the Substituted Guarantor has ratings for long-term senior debt assigned by Standard 
& Poor's Ratings Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. or Moody's 
Investors Service, Inc. which are the same as or higher than the credit rating for long-
term senior debt of the Guarantor or any previous Substituted Guarantor immediately 
prior to such substitution; and 
(J) 
the substitution complies with all applicable requirements established under any 
applicable law. 
(ii) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in General Condition 16(b)(i)(A) above, 
the Substituted Guarantor shall be deemed to be named in the Notes as the guarantor in place of 
the Guarantor (or of any previous substitute under these provisions) and the Notes shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the 
Documents shall operate to release the Guarantor (or such previous substitute as aforesaid) from 
all of its obligations in respect of the Notes and the Guarantees. 
(iii) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar 
for so long as any Note remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the 
Substituted Guarantor by any Noteholder in relation to the Notes or the Documents shall not 
have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Guarantor shall 
acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Noteholder to the production of the 
Documents for the enforcement of any of the Notes or the Documents. 
(iv) 
Not later than 15 London Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted 
Guarantor shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
13. 
17. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
The Notes shall not confer any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
18. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law

--- Page 115 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
115 
 
 
(i) 
The transfer of the Book Entry Notes (General Condition 1(e), the status of the Book-Entry 
Notes and the status of the Guarantee in respect of them (General Condition 3), the capacity of 
the Guarantor, and the relevant Guarantor corporate resolutions, will be governed by Spanish 
law. The capacity of the Issuer and the Issuer corporate resolutions will be governed by Dutch 
Law. Subject as provided above, the terms and conditions of the Book-Entry Notes, all related 
contractual documentation (other than the Deed of Guarantee and Schedules 4 and 10 of the 
Agency Agreement which will be governed by the laws of Spain) and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Book-Entry Notes and all related contractual 
documentation (other than the Deed of Guarantee and Schedules 4 and 10 of the Agency 
Agreement which will be governed by the laws of Spain) will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
(ii) 
The status of the Guarantee in respect of Certificated Notes (General Condition 3), the capacity 
of the Guarantor, and the relevant Guarantor corporate resolutions, will be governed by Spanish 
law. The Issue of the Certificated Notes, the capacity of the Issuer and the Issuer corporate 
resolutions will be governed by Dutch Law. Subject as provided above, the terms and conditions 
of the Certificated Notes, all related contractual documentation (other than the Deed of 
Guarantee and Schedules 4 and 10 of the Agency Agreement which will be governed by the 
laws of Spain) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Certificated Notes and all related contractual documentation (other than the Deed of Guarantee 
and Schedules 4 and 10 of the Agency Agreement which will be governed by the laws of Spain) 
will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
(i) 
Subject to General Condition 18(b)(iii) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below, the 
English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute") and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English 
courts. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 18, the Issuer and any Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(iii) 
This General Condition 18(b)(iii) is for the benefit of the Noteholders, Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders only. To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints the Guarantor at its registered office for the time being in England as its 
agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Proceedings 
and undertakes that, in the event of the Guarantor being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it 
will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Proceedings. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate 
service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 116 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
116 
 
 
ANNEX 1 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to payouts shall comprise the 
General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for payouts set out below (the "Payout Conditions"), 
together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General 
Conditions and/or any other Annex and (ii) the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail.  
1 
Reference Item Linked Notes 
(a) 
Use of Payout Conditions 
These Payout Conditions set out the methodology for determining various payouts and product features 
in respect of the Notes. The applicable text shown in Payout Conditions 2, 3, 4 and 5 below will be 
extracted, included and completed at the paragraph indicated in the Final Terms on the basis that (i) 
applicable text (including, where appropriate, section headings and terms defined in Payout Condition 5 
which are required to be completed) from the relevant Payout Condition will be set out at the paragraph 
indicated in the Final Terms and (ii) inapplicable text (and any terms defined in Payout Condition 5 
which are not required to be completed) need not be included. Where the Final Terms specify that a table 
may be inserted, such table will set out amounts, entities, dates, items, rates, value levels, triggers, figures 
and other information which completes the definitions that appear in the relevant subparagraphs of the 
Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the applicable Annex(es) to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. Notwithstanding the above, a table may be inserted in any section of the Final 
Terms whether or not is so specified that a table may be inserted in such section of the Final Terms. 
(b) 
Use of Terms 
Terms in these Payout Conditions or in the Final Terms may be attributed a numerical or letter suffix 
value when included in the Final Terms. Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted as "j", "k", "m", 
"q", "n", "t", "i", "A", "B", "C" or "1", "2", "3" etc. and the term may be completed on the basis of the 
number or numbers represented by j, k, m, q, n, t, i, "A", "B", "C" or 1, 2, 3 etc. as chosen at the time of 
an issue of Notes. Moreover suffixes may be placed in series as necessary, such as "A(1)", "B(1)", "C(1)" 
etc. When applicable and in order to improve the reading and intelligibility of the formula(e) in the Final 
Terms, the applicable suffixes may be included, completed and the relation between the term and the 
suffix will be explained and may be presented as a table, if necessary, in the Final Terms. A term in 
Payout Condition 5 may be included in the applicable Final Terms section more than once if there is 
more than one number represented by the term n, t or i. Conjunctions (e.g. or, and, but) and punctuation 
may also be included where appropriate. Suffixes may denote that a relevant term relates to an asset, item 
or date associated with that suffix. Suffixes may also be applied to payouts to denote that more than one 
payout or Rate of Interest etc, may be concurrently applicable (on the same dates or otherwise) in respect 
of any Note.  
The constituent parts of any formula(e) or term(s) used in these Payout Conditions and that are to be 
specified in the Final Terms may be replaced in the Final Terms by the prescribed amount, level, or 
percentage or other value or term (the "Variable Data"). If a Variable Data has a value of either 0 (zero) 
or 1 (one), or is not applicable in respect of the relevant formula(e), then the related formula(e) may be 
simplified, for the purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility in the formula(e) in Final Terms, 
by deleting such Variable Data. 
(c) 
Note Types 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Basis applicable in respect of a Note. Such Notes 
are, where the Interest Basis is: Index Linked Interest, an "Index Linked Interest Note"; Equity Linked 
Interest, an "Equity Linked Interest Note"; Inflation Linked Interest, an "Inflation Linked Interest 
Note"; Reference Item Rate Linked Interest, a "Reference Item Rate Linked Interest Note"; ETF 
Linked Interest a "ETF Linked Interest Note"; Fund Linked Interest, a "Fund Linked Interest Note"; 
Credit Linked Interest, a "Credit Linked Interest Note" or "Credit Linked Note"; Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Linked Interest, a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest Note", EUA Contract 
Linked Interest, an "EUA Contract Linked Interest Note" or where a combination of any two or more 
Interest Bases, a "Combination Interest Note" (each, a "Reference Item Linked Interest Note"). The 
Notes can also bear no interest in which case the Notes may be zero coupon, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 117 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
117 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the Redemption Basis applicable in respect of a Note. Such 
Notes are, where the Redemption Basis is: Index Linked Redemption, an "Index Linked Redemption 
Note"; Equity Linked Redemption, an "Equity Linked Redemption Note"; Inflation Linked 
Redemption, an "Inflation Linked Redemption Note"; Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption, a 
"Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption Note"; ETF Linked Redemption, a "ETF Linked 
Redemption Note"; Fund Linked Redemption, a "Fund Linked Redemption Note"; Credit Linked 
Redemption, a "Credit Linked Redemption Note"; or "Credit Linked Note"; Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Redemption, a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Redemption Note"; EUA Contract 
Linked Redemption, an "EUA Contract Linked Redemption Note" or where a combination of any two 
or more Redemption Bases, a "Combination Redemption Note" (each, a "Reference Item Linked 
Redemption Note"). 
(d) 
Alternative Interest Basis 
Other than in respect of Zero Coupon Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Credit Linked Notes if it is specified 
in Paragraph 9 (Interest Basis) of the Final Terms that 'Calculation Amount Basis will apply' to the Notes 
then for the purposes of any calculations of interest with respect to Notes which are represented by a 
Global Note pursuant to General Condition 4, the Principal Paying Agent will calculate Interest Amount 
payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount, and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the Day Count Fraction (as defined in General 
Condition 4(j)) specified in the Final Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit 
(defined above) of the relevant Specified Notes Currency, one half of such a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Calculation Amount may be an amount that is different from the Specified Denomination, however, when 
this Calculation Amount Basis is applied, only one Calculation Amount per Specified Denomination may 
be specified. 
2. 
Interest Rates Payout Formula(e) and Final Payout Formula(e) for Reference Item Linked Notes 
2.1 
Interest Rate Payout Formula(e) 
(For insertion and completion into Paragraph 16(ix) (Rate of Interest) in the Final Terms. Note: where 
a Rate of Interest is a fixed or floating rate, paragraph 17 or 18 as applicable, in the Final Terms should 
be completed.) 
(i) 
"Rate of Interest (i)" 
Coupon Value (i) * Leverage (i) 
(ii) 
"Rate of Interest (ii)" 
Rate (i) 
(iii) 
"Rate of Interest (iii)" 
Leverage (i) * Rate (i) + Spread (i) 
(iv) 
"Rate of Interest (iv)" 
Leverage (i) * Reference Spread (i) + Spread (i) 
(v) 
"Rate of Interest (v)" 
Previous Interest (i) + Spread (i) 
(vi) 
"Rate of Interest (vi)" 
Previous Interest (i) + Leverage (i) * Reference Item Rate (i) + Spread (i) 
(vii) 
"Rate of Interest (vii)" 
Leverage (i) * Coupon Value (i) + Spread (i) 
(viii) 
"Rate of Interest (viii) - Call" 
(Insert the following if no cap or floor is applicable) 
Leverage * (Coupon Value (i) – Strike Percentage) 
(Insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * (Coupon Value (i) – Strike Percentage)]

--- Page 118 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
118 
 
 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Leverage * (Coupon Value (i) – Strike Percentage)] 
(Insert the following if a cap and a floor is applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * (Coupon Value (i) – Strike 
Percentage)]] 
(ix) 
"Rate of Interest (ix) – Put"  
(Insert the following if no cap or floor is applicable) 
Leverage * (Strike Percentage - Coupon Value (i)) 
(Insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * (Strike Percentage – Coupon Value (i))]  
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Leverage * (Strike Percentage - Coupon Value (i))]] 
(Insert the following if a cap and a floor are applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * (Strike Percentage - Coupon Value 
(i))]] 
(x) 
"Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" 
(insert the following where interest accrual is calculated based on the number of days on which 
the Range Accrual Coupon Condition or Range Accrual Countdown Condition is satisfied) 
(insert the following if leverage and/or spread is applicable) 
Leverage (i) ∗(Rate (i) + Spread (i)) * n N
⁄   
(insert the following if no leverage and/or spread is applicable) 
Rate (i) * n/N  
(insert the following where interest accrual is calculated based on the number of days on which 
the Range Accrual Coupon Condition or Range Accrual Countdown Condition is satisfied but 
subtracting the number of days on which the Range Accrual Condition is not satisfied) 
Leverage (i) ∗(Rate (i) + Spread (i)) * Max[0; (2n-N)/N]  
(xi) 
"Rate of Interest (xi) - Call Participation" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period]: 
[Coupon Value (i) * Leverage] [Min [Cap Percentage; Coupon Value (i) * Leverage]] 
[Max [Floor Percentage; Coupon Value (i) * Leverage]] [Max [Floor Percentage; Min 
[Cap Percentage; Coupon Value (i) * Leverage]]]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise,  
Zero. 
(xii) 
"Rate of Interest (xii) - Digital One Barrier" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[zero] 
(xiii) 
"Rate of Interest (xiii) - Digital One Barrier Standard" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest Period]

--- Page 119 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
119 
 
 
[Constant Percentage[1]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive]; or  
(B) 
Otherwise:  
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula 
from one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive); 
for the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this 
paragraph B may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph 
A]. 
(xiv) 
"Rate of Interest (xiv) - Strike Podium n Barriers" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest Period] 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Interest Rate Payout formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive)]; or 
(B) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] and Coupon Barrier Condition [1] is not satisfied 
in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][and was not 
satisfied in any previous Interest Period]:  
[Constant Percentage 2] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive); for 
the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this paragraph 
B may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph A]; or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
zero] [Constant Percentage 3] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from 
any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive); 
for the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this 
paragraph C may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formulae for A and B 
respectively]. 
(The above provisions of paragraph B may be duplicated in case more than two 
Coupon Barrier Conditions apply) 
(xv) 
"Rate of Interest (xv) - Partial Memory" 
(A) 
If Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate (i) + SumRate (i) * Leverage (i); or 
(B) 
Otherwise, zero. 
(xvi) 
"Rate of Interest (xvi) - Memory" 
(A) 
If Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate(i) + SumRate(i); or 
(B) 
Otherwise, zero. 
(xvii) 
"Rate of Interest (xvii) - Call with Individual Caps" 
 
(xviii) "Rate of Interest (xviii) - Cappuccino" 
 
Max  MinCoupon(i);  (RIWeighting(k) * Max FloorPercentage(i); Min CapPercentage(i); CouponValue(i, k)] ) – StrikePercentage(i)
𝐾
𝑘=1
 
+ ConstantPercentage(i) 
Max  MinCoupon(i);  (RIWeighting(k) * Max[FloorPercentage(i); CappuccinoBarrierValue(i, k)]) – StrikePercentage(i)
𝐾
𝑘=1
 
+ ConstantPercentage(i)

--- Page 120 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
120 
 
 
(xix) 
"Rate of Interest (xix) - Best Replace" 
(Insert the following if local floor is applicable) 
 
(Insert the following if local floor is not applicable) 
 
(xx) 
"Rate of Interest (xx) - Cliquet" 
 
(xxi) 
"Rate of Interest (xxi) - Cliquet Digital" 
(A) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is greater than Constant Percentage 1: 
Cliquet Digital Performance; or 
(B) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is greater than or equal to Constant Percentage 2 and is 
less than or equal to Constant Percentage 1: 
Constant Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is less than Constant Percentage 2: 
Constant Percentage 2. 
(xxii) 
"Rate of Interest (xxii) - Cliquet Digital Lock in" 
 
(xxiii) "Rate of Interest (xxiii) - Digital Coupon One Dual Condition" 
(A) 
If Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest Period]: 
Rate A (i); or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
Rate B (i). 
(xxiv) 
"Rate of Interest (xxiv) - Digital Coupon Two Dual Conditions" 
(A) 
If Digital Coupon Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest Period]: 
Rate A (i); or 
(B) 
If Digital Coupon Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was not satisfied in any previous Interest 
Period], but Digital Coupon Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of such [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate B (i); or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
Rate C (i). 
(xxv) 
"Rate of Interest (xxv) – TARN" 
(A) 
In respect of each Interest Period other than the Target Final Interest Period: 
 Max  MinCoupon(i); (RIWeighting(k) * Max[FloorPercentage(i); ModifiedValue(i, k)]) – StrikePercentage(i)
K
k=1
 
 Max  MinCoupon(i); (RIWeighting(k) ∗ (ModifiedValue(i, k) – StrikePercentage(i))
K
k=1
  
Max  (Max [FloorPercentage(i);Min[CapPercentage(i);CouponValue(i)]]) – StrikePercentage, FloorPercentage 1
T
i=1
 
 Max FloorLockin; (Max FloorPercentage(i); Min CapPercentage(i); CouponValue(i)] ) – StrikePercentage; FloorPercentage1
T
i=1

--- Page 121 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
121 
 
 
[select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any one of "Rate of Interest 
(i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive)]; and 
(B) 
In respect of the Target Final Interest Period and provided that an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has not occurred: 
Final Interest Rate. 
(xxvi) 
"Rate of Interest (xxvi) – Ratchet" 
 
(xxvii) "Rate of Interest (xxvii) – Multiplier" 
(insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage, Multiplier Number * Constant 
Percentage]] 
(insert the following if a cap is not applicable) 
Max [Floor Percentage, Multiplier Number * Constant Percentage 2] 
(xxviii) "Rate of Interest (xxviii) - Count Barrier Condition" 
(A) 
If, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], the 
Count Barrier Condition has been satisfied on [specify][or more][or less] Observation 
Dates in respect of such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage [1] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive)]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]][select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula 
from one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive); 
for the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this 
paragraph (B) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph 
(A)] 
(xxix) 
"Rate of Interest (xxix) - Podium" 
Rate(n) 
(xxx) 
"Rate of Interest (xxx) - Compensation" 
(A) 
If, in respect of the [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] falling 
on i=[specify [and i=[specify]], the Calculation Agent determines that the sum of the 
Rate of Interest "(specify name of the applicable Rate of Interest)" above for such [ST 
Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] [and the [specify] preceding 
[ST Coupon Valuation Dates][ST Coupon Valuation Periods]] is [zero][specify 
percentage] then for each such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation 
Period] the Rate of Interest shall be: 
[Constant Percentage [1] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive)]; or  
(B) 
Otherwise, for each such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] 
the Rate of Interest shall be: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]][select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula 
from one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive); 
for the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this 
paragraph B may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph A] 
(xxxi) 
"Rate of Interest (xxxi) - Dual Currency Digital Coupon" 
(A) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest Period] 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max  Previous Interest(i); Rate(i)]

--- Page 122 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
122 
 
 
[Constant Percentage[1]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive]; or  
(B) 
Otherwise:  
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula 
from one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive); 
for the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this 
paragraph (B) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph 
(A)] [and the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions] [and the SER Intermediate 
Currency Requirements] shall apply with respect to the payment of the corresponding 
Interest Amount]. 
(xxxii) "Rate of Interest (xxxii) - Partial Consolidation" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied for the first time in respect of a [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]:  
Rate (i); or  
(B) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition was satisfied in any previous Interest Period: 
Leverage * Rate (i); or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage] 
(xxxiii) "Rate of Interest (xxxiii) - Ulises" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied for the first time in respect of a [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date]: 
Rate (i) * n; or 
(B) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition was satisfied in any previous Interest Period: 
Leverage * Rate (i); or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage] 
(xxxiv) "Rate of Interest (xxxiv) – Leonidas Range Accrual" 
[Min [Max [Floor Percentage(i), Leonidas Coupon (i),], Cap Percentage(i)] 
(xxxv) "Rate of Interest (xxxv) – Leonidas" 
[Min [Max [Floor Percentage(i), Leonidas Rate (i),], Cap Percentage(i)] 
(xxxvi) "Rate of Interest (xxxvi) – Branch" 
(insert if a cap is applicable ) 
 
Min [Max [BranchA(i), Branch B(i)]; Cap Percentage(i)] 
(insert if a floor is applicable)  
 
Max [Min [BranchA(i),Branch B(i)]; Floor Percentage(i)] 
(xxxvii) "Rate of Interest (xxxvii) – Multiple Reverse" 
[Min [Max [Floor Percentage(i). Constant Percent(i) - Leverage (i) *(Highest Basket Closing 
Value(i) - Lowest Basket Closing Value(i)], Cap Percentage(i)] 
(xxxviii) "Rate of Interest (xxxviii) – Growth & Income" 
(A) 
In respect of each Interest Period other than the Final Interest Period: 
a.     If Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation 
Date: 
Constant Percentage; or

--- Page 123 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
123 
 
 
b.     Otherwise: 
zero 
(B) 
In respect of the Final Interest Period only: 
Max [0 per cent.; Performance – Previous Coupon Percentage] 
(xxxix) "Rate of Interest (xxxix) – Daily Fixed Coupon " 
Rate(i) * 
𝟏
𝒎 *
𝐧
𝐍 
 
2.2 
Final Payouts Formula(e) 
For insertion and completion into Paragraph 31 (Final Payout) in the Final Terms 
A redemption formula(e) may be inserted and completed in Paragraph 46 of the Final Terms as 
(Instalment Amounts) for which purposes the selected formula shall be the Instalment Payout: 
(i) 
"Redemption (i)" 
Constant Percentage + FR Value  
(ii) 
"Redemption (ii) – Call" 
(Insert the following if no cap or floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * (FR Value – Strike Percentage) 
(Insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Max [Floor Percentage; (FR Value - Strike Percentage)] 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Min [Cap Percentage; (FR Value – Strike Percentage)] 
(Insert the following if a cap and a floor are applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; (FR Value – 
Strike Percentage)]] 
(Insert if a call and a put are applicable) 
Constant Percentage + (Leverage 1 * (Min [Cap Percentage 1; Max [Floor Percentage 1; 
Leverage 2 * FR Value - Strike Percentage 1]])) + (Leverage 3 * (Min [Cap Percentage 2; Max 
[Floor Percentage 2; Strike Percentage 2 – Leverage 4 * FR Value]]))  
(iii) 
"Redemption (iii) – Put" 
(Insert the following if no cap or floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage *  (Strike Percentage – FR Value) 
(Insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Max [Floor Percentage; (Strike Percentage – FR Value)] 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Min [Cap Percentage; (Strike Percentage – FR Value)] 
(Insert the following if a cap and a floor are applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; (Strike 
Percentage – FR Value)]] 
(iv) 
"Redemption (iv) - Digital" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]:

--- Page 124 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
124 
 
 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption Amount 
will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph B may be different from the 
Final Payout Formula for paragraph A][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable 
and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(v) 
"Redemption (v) - Digital with Knock-in" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption Amount 
will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected final payout formula for this paragraph B may be different from the final 
payout formula for paragraph A)[no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(vi) 
"Redemption (vi) - Strike Podium n Conditions" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition [1] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption Amount 
will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and Final Redemption Condition 
[1] is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation Period][[and [no][a] Knock-in Event has occurred]: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph B may be different from the 
Final Payout Formula for paragraph A][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable 
and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 3][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph C may be different from the 
Final Payout Formula for any of the preceding paragraphs][no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(The above provisions of B may be duplicated in case more than two Final Redemption 
Conditions apply) 
(vii) 
"Redemption (vii) – Knock-in" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred:  
100 per cent; or

--- Page 125 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
125 
 
 
(B) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred:  
[FR Value] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply]. 
(viii) 
"Redemption (viii) – Knock-in Standard" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred:  
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)] [no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred:  
[Min [Constant Percentage 2; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 2] [Max [Floor 
Percentage; 100 per cent. - Leverage * Max [0 per cent; Strike Percentage + Leverage 
2 * FR Value]]] [select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the 
Final Payout Formula for paragraph (A)][no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(ix) 
"Redemption (ix) - Knock-in Put Leverage" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred:  
100 per cent.; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred:  
[Max [Floor Percentage; Constant Percentage Leverage * (Strike Percentage – FR 
Value)]] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply] 
(x) 
"Redemption (x) – Barrier and Knock-in Standard" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[100 per cent. + FR Additional Rate][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from 
any one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i) to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt the 
selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the Final 
Payout Formula for paragraph (A)][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply]; or  
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage 2; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 2] [Max [Floor 
Percentage; 100 per cent. - Leverage * Max [0 per cent; Strike Percentage + Leverage 
2 * FR Value]]] [select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (C) may be different from the 
Final Payout Formula for any of the preceding paragraphs][no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(xi) 
"Redemption (xi) – Barrier and Knock-in"

--- Page 126 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
126 
 
 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 2]; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[FR Value][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply]. 
(xii) 
"Redemption (xii) – Barrier and Knock-in Put Leverage" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 2]; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Max [Floor Percentage; Constant Percentage - Leverage * (Strike Percentage – FR 
Value)]] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply] 
(xiii) 
"Redemption (xiii) - Twin Win" 
(Insert the following if a cap is not applicable) 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Max [Floor Percentage 1; Leverage 1 * (FR Value - Strike 
Percentage 1)]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + Max [Leverage 2 * (Strike Percentage 2 - FR Value); Floor 
Percentage 2)]; or  
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage 3; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 3][select and insert the 
Final Payout Formula from any one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" 
(inclusive)] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply]. 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Min [Cap Percentage 1; Max [Floor Percentage 1; Leverage 1 
* (FR Value - Strike Percentage 1)]]; or

--- Page 127 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
127 
 
 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + Min [Cap Percentage 2; Max [Leverage 2 * (Strike Percentage 
2 - FR Value); Floor Percentage 2]]; or  
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage 3; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 3][select and insert the 
Final Payout Formula from any one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" 
(inclusive)][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply]. 
(xiv) 
"Redemption (xiv) - Himalaya" 
 
(xv) 
"Redemption (xv) - Booster" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Redemption Valuation 
Date[in the][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Max [0 per cent; Booster Percentage * (FR Value – Strike 
Percentage)]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][in the][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][in the] [ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Min [Constant Percentage 3; FR Value] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable 
and Physical Delivery will apply] 
(xvi) 
"Redemption (xvi) - Bonus" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Max [Bonus Percentage; Leverage (FR Value –Strike 
Percentage)]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[FR Value][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply] 
(xvii) 
"Redemption (xvii) - Dual Currency Digital" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period][and no Knock-in Event has occurred]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph B may be different from the 
Final Payout Formula for paragraph A) [and the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions] [and the SER Intermediate Currency Requirements] shall apply with 
respect to the payment of the Final Redemption Amount[.][ which, for the avoidance 
ConstantPercentage1 + Leverage*Max  
1
TotalM*  Max BestLockValue(i) −StrikePercentage(i); Local Floor Percentage(i)]; 0
M
i=1

--- Page 128 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
128 
 
 
of doubt shall be an amount equal to [specify currency and amount] per Calculation 
Amount]]. 
(xviii) "Redemption (xviii) - Count Barrier Condition" 
(A) 
If, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period], 
the Count Barrier Condition has been satisfied on [specify][or more][or less] 
Observation Dates in respect of such [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation Period], 
[Constant Percentage [1] [select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption Amount 
will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; ]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [[select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the 
Final Payout Formula for paragraph (A)][no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply] 
(The above provisions of (A) may be duplicated) 
(xix) 
"Redemption (xix) Accumulation" 
 
(xx) 
"Redemption (xx) - Range Accrual" 
Max [100 per cent + [(Constant Percentage 1 * (n/N)) – (Constant Percentage 2 * ((N–n)/N))]; 0 per cent] 
(xxi) 
"Redemption (xxi) –Twin Win with Knock-out Event capital protected" 
(A) 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
100 per cent + Max [0 per cent, Max [Leverage 1 * (FR Value – Strike Percentage 1), 
Leverage 2 * (Strike Percentage 2 – FR Value]]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
100 per cent. 
(xxii) 
"Redemption (xxii) – Twin Win with Knock-out Barriers capital at risk" 
(A) 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
100 per cent + Max [0 per cent, Max [FR Value – Strike Percentage 1, Strike 
Percentage 2 – FR Value]]; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred and Final Redemption Condition 1 is satisfied in 
respect of a ST Redemption Valuation Date: 
100 per cent – Min [Cap Percentage; Max [0 per cent; FR Value – Strike Percentage 
1]]; or 
(C) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred, Final Redemption Condition 2 is satisfied in respect 
of a ST Redemption Valuation Date and Final Redemption Condition 1 is not satisfied 
in respect of a ST Redemption Valuation Date: 
100 per cent – Min [Floor Percentage; Max [0 per cent; Strike Percentage 2 - FR 
Value]]; or 
(D) 
Otherwise: 
100 per cent. 
 
(xxiii) 
"Redemption (xxiii) – Knock-out Standard"

--- Page 129 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
129 
 
 
(A) 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred:  
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)] [no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred:  
[Min [Constant Percentage 2; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 2] [Max [Floor 
Percentage; 100 per cent. - Leverage * Max [0 per cent; Strike Percentage + Leverage 
2 * FR Value]]] [select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the 
Final Payout Formula for paragraph (A)][no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
 
(xxiv) 
"Redemption (xxiv) – Barrier and Knock-out" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 2]; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-out Event has 
occurred: 
[FR Value][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply]. 
 
(xxv) 
"Redemption (xxv) – Dual Currency Barriers" 
(A) 
If FX Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B) 
If FX Condition  1 is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation 
Period] and FX Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of a  [ST Valuation Date][ST 
Valuation Period] 
[Constant Percentage 2][; and 
[Constant Percentage 3][where the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions shall apply 
with respect to this part of the payment] which, for the avoidance of doubt shall be an 
amount equal to [specify currency and amount] per Calculation Amount]]. 
(C) 
Otherwise 
[Constant Percentage 4] [and the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions] shall apply 
with respect to the payment of the [Final Redemption Amount][Instalment Amount]  ][ 
which, for the avoidance of doubt shall be an amount equal to [specify currency and 
amount] per Calculation Amount]]. 
(The above provisions of (B) may be duplicated if more than two FX Conditions apply) 
(For the avoidance of any doubt, the Final Redemption Amount and/or any Instalment 
Amount may be paid in the Specified Currency, the Settlement Currency or a mixture 
of both) 
(xxvi) 
"Redemption (xxvi) – Dual Currency Barrier and Knock-out"

--- Page 130 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
130 
 
 
(A) 
If no Knock-out Event has ever occurred and FX Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of 
a ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B) 
If no Knock-out Event has ever occurred and FX Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect 
of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] and FX Condition 2 is satisfied in 
respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] 
[Constant Percentage 2][; and 
[Constant Percentage 3][where the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions shall apply 
with respect to the [Final Redemption Amount][Instalment Amount] which, for the 
avoidance of doubt shall be an amount equal to [specify currency and amount] per 
Calculation Amount]]. 
(C) 
If no Knock-out Event has ever occurred and FX Condition 2 is not satisfied in respect 
of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] and FX Condition 3 is satisfied in 
respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] 
[Constant Percentage 4] [and the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions] shall apply 
with respect to the payment of the [Final Redemption Amount][Instalment Amount]  
[.][ which, for the avoidance of doubt shall be an amount equal to [specify currency 
and amount] per Calculation Amount]]. 
(D) 
Otherwise 
[Constant Percentage 4] 
                (The above provisions of (B) may be duplicated if more than two FX Conditions apply) 
 (For the avoidance of any doubt, the Final Redemption Amount and/or any Instalment 
Amount may be paid in the Specified Currency, the Settlement Currency or a mixture 
of both) 
(xxvii) "Redemption (xxvii) – Dual Currency Accumulation" 
              Specified Currency Percentage + Settlement Currency Percentage 
(for the avoidance of any doubt, the Final Redemption Amount may be paid in the 
Specified Currency, the Settlement Currency or a mixture of both) 
 
3. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amounts 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs, then: 
For insertion into Paragraph 31 (iii) (Automatic Early Redemption Amount): 
(i) 
If ST Automatic Early Redemption is specified in the Final Terms, then any of the two following 
formula shall be inserted and completed in Automatic Early Redemption Amount: 
(A) 
 
(B) 
(i) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Calculation Amount * [Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(ii) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Calculation Amount * [Min [Constant Percentage 2; Leverage * FR Value] 
(ii) 
If Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified in the Final Terms, the following formula 
shall be inserted and completed in the Automatic Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Calculation Amount * (AER Percentage + AER Additional Rate) 
Calculation Amount * (100% + Final Interest Rate);

--- Page 131 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
131 
 
 
4. 
Entitlement Amounts for Physical Delivery 
[For insertion into item 45(i) of the Final Terms (Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery – 
Entitlement Amount).] 
(Insert if one Reference Item is specified as Relevant Asset in item 45(ii)) 
 
(insert if more than one Reference Item is specified as Relevant Asset in item 45 (ii)) 
1/K * 
 
The Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the nearest unit of each Relevant Asset capable of 
being delivered (the "Equity Element") and in lieu thereof the Issuer will pay a residual amount (the 
"Residual Amount") equal to: 
 
5. 
Definitions 
5.1 
General Definitions 
"AER Additional Rate" means, in respect of a [ST AER Valuation Date] or [ST AER Valuation Period], [the 
AER Rate][AER Rate DCF][AER Rate MT][AER Value][AER Reference Item Rate]. 
"AER Percentage" means [specify] per cent. 
"AER Rate" means [specify rate]. 
"AER Rate DCF" means a percentage calculated as the product of the AER Rate and the applicable Day Count 
Fraction. 
"AER Rate MT" means the product of (a) [specify rate] and (b) the number of [Interest Periods][ST Valuation 
Dates][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates] from the Issue Date to [and including][but excluding] the 
[Interest Period in which the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls][the date of the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date]. 
"AER Reference Item Rate" means [specify floating rate]. 
"AER Value" means in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]] to (k[=[specify]])] [specify value from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Barrier[1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number or rate of exchange]. 
"Barrier Percentage Strike Price" means [specify percentage]. 
"Barrier Value" means, in respect of a [Observation Date][ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period], [and in 
respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout 
Condition 5.2]. (repeat as necessary)  
"Basket" means: (a) if the relevant Reference Items are Indices, the Basket of Indices (as defined in the Index 
Linked Conditions) as specified in the Final Terms; (b) if the relevant Reference Items are Shares, the Basket of 
Shares (as defined in the Equity Linked Conditions) as specified in the Final Terms; (c) if the relevant Reference 
Item are Inflation Indices, a basket composed of each Inflation Index specified in the Final Terms (d) if the relevant 
Reference Items are ETF Shares, the ETF Basket (as defined in the ETF Linked Conditions) (e) if the relevant 
Reference Item are Fund Shares, the Fund Basket (as defined in the Fund Linked Conditions) as specified in the 
Final Terms; (f) if the Reference Items are EUA Contracts, the Basket of EUA Contracts (as defined in the EUA 
Contract Linked Conditions) as specified in the Final Terms; (g) if the relevant Reference Item are Subject 
Currencies, a basket composed of each Subject Currency specified in the Final Terms; and (h) in the case of 
Reference Items which are Shares, ETFs and/or Indices, where applicable, a basket of Shares, ETFs and/or Indices, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case subject to Weightings. 
"Basket Ranking" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the ranking of each Basket by Basket Value from 
highest Basket Value to lowest Basket Value in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Best Lock Value(i)" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [or ST Valuation Period], the highest RI Value 
on such [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] of the Reference Item(s) in Himalaya Basket(i). 
Calculation Amount / (Constant Percentage * Performing RI Strike Price * FX)
Calculation Amount / (Constant Percentage * Performing RI Strike Price * FX)
(Entitlement Amount −Equity Element) * Physical Delivery Price * FX

--- Page 132 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
132 
 
 
"Best Replace Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Bonus Percentage" means [specify percentage].  
"Booster Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Branch A (i)" means in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
[Leverage 1(i)* Previous Interest(i)+Constant Percentage 1(i)+Basket Closing Value A(i)] 
"Branch B (i)" means in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
[Leverage 2(i)*Previous Interest(i)+Constant Percentage 2(i)+Basket Closing Value B(i)] 
"Call Strike Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Cap Percentage[1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Cappuccino Barrier Value" means in respect of a Reference Item: 
(i) 
if in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] the Cappuccino 
Barrier Condition is satisfied, Cap Percentage(i);  
(ii) 
otherwise, Coupon Barrier Value(i,k). 
"Cliquet Digital Performance" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
 
"Constant Percentage[1][2][3][4][5][6]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Coupon Barrier[1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number or rate of exchange]. 
"Coupon Barrier Value" means, in respect of a [Observation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon 
Valuation Period], [and in respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined 
term from Payout Condition 5.2]. (repeat as necessary)  
"Coupon Lock in" means: 
 
"Coupon Value" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] [and in 
respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout 
Condition 5.2]  
"Current Interest Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Interest 
Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls. 
"Final Coupon Rate" means the Rate of Interest calculated in respect of the [Current Interest Period][Target Final 
Interest Period] (the "Final Interest Period") 
"Final Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction applicable to the Final Interest Period. 
"Final Interest Rate" means (insert one of the following)[specify][zero] 
(If capped and guaranteed:) [the AER Percentage][Target Coupon Percentage] less Paid Coupon 
Percentage.] 
(If not capped or guaranteed:) [the Final Coupon Rate multiplied by the Final Day Count Fraction.] 
(If capped only:) [Min [Final Coupon Rate * Final Day Count Fraction; [AER Percentage][Target 
Coupon Percentage] - Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
(If guaranteed only:) [Max [Final Coupon Rate * Final Day Count Fraction; [AER Percentage][Target 
Coupon Percentage] - Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
"Final Redemption Condition Level [1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number or rate of 
exchange]. 
 Max[FloorPercentage(i); Min[CapPercentage(i); CouponValue(i)]
t
i=1
] 
 
T
Max
t=1
  Max[FloorPercentage(i); Min[CapPercentage(i); CouponValue(i)]]
t
i=1

--- Page 133 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
133 
 
 
"Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of 
[each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Floor Lock in" means Constant Percentage [1] multiplied by the integer number resulting from the quotient of 
the Coupon Lock in and Constant Percentage [1]. 
"Floor Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Additional Rate" means [FR Rate][FR MT up Rate][FR Rate DCF][FR Rate MT]. 
"FR MT up Rate" means:  
(insert if cap is applicable)  
[Min [Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * (FR Value - Strike Percentage)]; Cap Percentage] + Constant 
Percentage]. 
(insert if cap is not applicable)  
[Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * (FR Value - Strike Percentage)] + Constant Percentage]. 
"FR Rate" means [specify rate]. 
"FR Rate DCF" means a percentage calculated as the product of the FR Rate and the applicable Day Count 
Fraction. 
"FR Rate MT" means the product of (a) [specify rate] and (b) the number of [Interest Periods][ST Valuation 
Dates] from and including the Issue Date to [and including][but excluding] the [Interest Period in which the 
relevant ST Valuation Date falls][date of the relevant ST Valuation Date]. 
"FX Condition Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of 
[each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"FX Level [1][2][3]" means [specify level or rate]. 
"FR Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period][and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"FX" is the relevant RI FX Level(i) on the relevant ST Valuation Date [or if that is not a Business Day the 
immediately succeeding Business Day.] 
"FX Accumulation Value" means in respect of an Observation Date (i) Constant Percentage 1, if FX Condition 
1 is satisfied in respect of such Observation Date or (ii) Constant Percentage 2, if FX Condition 1 is not satisfied 
in respect of Observation Date and FX Condition 2 is satisfied in respect an Observation Date or (iii) Constant 
Percentage 3 otherwise ( FX Condition may be duplicated in case more than two  FX Condition  apply). 
"Himalaya Basket(i)" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date(i), a Basket comprising each Reference Item in 
Himalaya Basket(i-1) but excluding the Reference Item in relation to Best Lock Value(i-1). 
"K" means [specify number], being the total number of Reference Items in the Basket. 
"Knock-in Value" in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] , [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Knock-out Value" in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] , [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Ladder Percentage [1][2][3]" means [specify percentage] 
"Ladder Value" means in respect of an Observation Date: 
(i) 
If, in respect of an Observation Date, Ladder Condition 1 is satisfied, Ladder Percentage 1 
(ii) 
If, in respect of an Observation Date, Ladder Condition 1 is not satisfied but Ladder Condition 
2 is satisfied, Ladder Percentage 2 
(iii) 
Otherwise, Ladder Percentage 3 
(the above provision (ii) may be deleted in case that only one Ladder Condition applies) 
"Leonidas Coupon (i-1)" means in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the Leonidas Coupon (i) determined 
on the ST Coupon Valuation Date immediately preceding such ST Coupon Valuation Date or, in respect of the 
first ST Coupon Valuation Date, zero.

--- Page 134 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
134 
 
 
"Leonidas Coupon(i)" means in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date 
(insert if Leonidas Coupon is determined considering the Previous Interest included in the rate calculated on the 
number of days on which the range accrual coupon condition is satisfied) 
Leverage 1 * Rate (i) + Spread(i) + [Leverage 2(i) * Previous Interest (i) + Range-In Leverage(i) * Rate (i) + 
Range-in Spread(i)]* n/N + [Range-Out Leverage(i) * Rate (i) + Range-Out Spread(i)]* (N-n)/N 
(insert if Leonidas Coupon is determined considering the previous Leonidas Coupon) 
Leverage 1(i) * Rate(i) + Spread(i) + [Leverage 2(i) * Leonidas Coupon (i-1) + Range-In Leverage(i) * Rate(i) + 
Range-In Spread(i) ) +]* n/N + [Range-Out Leverage(i) * Rate (i) + Range-Out Spread(i)]* (N-n)/N 
(insert if Leonidas Coupon is determined considering Previous Interest regardless of the number of days on which 
the range accrual coupon condition is satisfied) 
Leverage 1(i) * Rate(i)+ Spread(i) + Leverage 2(i) * Previous Interest + [Range-in Leverage * Rate(i) + Range-
in Spread]* n/N + [Range-Out Leverage * Rate (i) + Range-Out Spread]* (N-n)/N  
(insert if Leonidas Coupon is determined considering Previous Leonidas Coupon regardless of the number of 
days on which the range accrual coupon condition is satisfied) 
Leverage 1(i) * Rate(i) + Spread(i) + Leverage 2(i)* Leonidas Coupon (i-1) + [ Range-in Leverage(i) * Rate(i) + 
Range-in Spread(i)]* n/N + [Range-Out Leverage(i) * Rate (i) + Range-Out Spread(i)]* (N-n)/N 
"Leonidas Rate(i)" means in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
Leverage 1(i) * Previous Interest (i) + ABS Value(i) + Spread (i)+ Slope Participation 1 (i)* Slope 1 (i) + Slope 
Participation 2(i) * Slope 2 (i)  
"Leverage [1][2][3][4]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Local Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Lower Coupon Barrier [1][2][3][4][n]" means [specify percentage] 
"m" means [specify number] 
"M" means a series of ST Valuation Dates or ST Valuation Periods. 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the amounts separated 
by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the amounts separated 
by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min Coupon" means [specify percentage].  
"Modified Value(i,k)" means: 
(i) 
if the Coupon Value(i,k) is one of the nfixed greatest value in the basket of the Reference Items, 
the Best Replace Percentage; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, Coupon Value(i,k). 
"Multiplier Level" means [specify percentage]. 
"Multiplier Number" shall be the number of Observation Dates, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation 
Period], that the Multiplier Condition is satisfied. 
"Multiplier Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period, [specify defined term from 
Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"n" means: 
(a) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xxxiii) - Ulises", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the number 
of ST Coupon Valuation Dates (in the period from the Issue Date to and including such ST Coupon Valuation 
Date);  
(b) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the 
number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the [Range Accrual Coupon 
Condition][Range Accrual Countdown Condition][Basket Range Accrual Coupon Condition] is satisfied;

--- Page 135 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
135 
 
 
(c) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xxxiv) - Leonidas Range Accrual", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation 
Date, the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the Basket Range Accrual Coupon 
Condition is satisfied;  
(d) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xxxix) – Daily Fixed Coupon", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation 
Period, the number of Scheduled Trading Days within the relevant ST Coupon Valuation Period up to an including 
the day on which an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, or the last day of the relevant ST Coupon 
Valuation Period, whichever is earlier; and 
(e) 
in respect of "Redemption (xx) – Range Accrual", in respect of the ST Redemption Valuation Date, the 
number of Range Accrual Days in the Range Period on which the Range Accrual Final Redemption Condition is 
satisfied. 
"N" means:  
(a) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (x) Range Accrual", for each ST Coupon Valuation Date, the total number 
of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period;  
(b) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xxxix) – Daily Fixed Coupon", for each ST Coupon Valuation Period, the 
total number of Scheduled Trading Days in the relevant ST Coupon Valuation Period; and 
(c) 
In respect of "Redemption (xx) – Range Accrual", for ST Redemption Valuation Date, the total number 
of Range Accrual Days in the Range Period. 
"nfixed" means [specify number]. 
"Observation Level [1][2]" means [specify amount or percentage or number or rate of exchange]. 
"Observation Value" means in respect of an Observation Date, [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Option FX": If Option FX is specified as applicable in respect of any Interest Formula(e) in the Final Terms, the 
RI FX Rate will be applied to the calculation of the relevant payout formula as further specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Paid Coupon Percentage" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Target 
Determination Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of (i) the Rate of 
Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case for such Interest Period preceding the Current Interest Period 
(in the case of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date) or the Target Final Interest Period (in the case of 
a Target Determination Date). 
"Physical Delivery Price" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, [and in respect of each Reference Item in 
the Basket] the RI Closing Value in respect of [such][the] Reference Item [with the] [Worst Value][Best 
Value][Ranked Value][on such ST Valuation Date]. 
"Previous Coupon Percentage" means, in respect of the ST Coupon Valuation Date in respect of the Final 
Interest Period, the sum of all previous Rate of Interest calculated for each ST Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Previous Interest" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the Rate of Interest determined on the ST 
Coupon Valuation Date immediately preceding such ST Coupon Valuation Date or, in respect of the first ST 
Coupon Valuation Date, zero. 
"Put Strike Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"RA Barrier [1][2][3][4]" means in respect of a Reference Item, [specify percentage]. 
"RA Barrier Value" means, [specify value from Payout Condition 5.2][in respect of an ST Coupon Valuation 
Date and a Reference Item, the [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2][the Reference Spread].] 
"Range-In Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Range-In Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"Range-Out Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Range-Out Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"Ranked Basket Weighting" means, in respect of a Basket, the percentage specified for the ordinal positioning 
of the Based in the Basket Ranking. 
"Ranked Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Item, the percentage specified for the ordinal positioning 
of the Reference Item in the Ranking.

--- Page 136 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
136 
 
 
"Ranking" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the ranking of each Reference Item by RI Value from 
highest RI Value to lowest RI Value in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Rate [A][B][C]" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], [specify 
fixed rate][specify floating rate determined on the basis set out in item 18 of the Final Terms][Inflation Rate]. 
"Rate(n)" (from n=1 to n=N) means in respect of "Rate of Interest (xxix) – Podium" on any ST Coupon Valuation 
Date, the rate specified in the Final Terms and associated with the number of Reference Items (from n=1 to n=N) 
in the Basket for which the Podium Condition is satisfied on the relevant ST Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Redemption Barrier[1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number or rate of exchange]. 
"Redemption Barrier Value" means in respect of a ST Redemption Valuation Date] [ST Redemption Valuation 
Period] [Observation Date][, [and in respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], 
[specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2] (repeat as necessary) 
"Reference Item [1][2]….[N]" means the asset or reference basis specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Item Rate" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, or a ST Valuation Period, the relevant Rate of 
Interest determined pursuant to General Condition 4(b) and on the basis of item 27 and/or item 42 of the Final 
Terms, as applicable. For this purpose, references in Condition 4(b) to the applicable Rate of Interest being 
determined for each Interest Period shall be construed to be to such Rate of Interest being determined for the 
applicable ST Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period. The notification requirements set out in Condition 4(b)(viii) 
shall not apply where the Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is determined by reference to a Reference Item 
Rate only. 
"Reference Spread [1][2]" means Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item Rate [1][2]. (NB Complete 
Reference Item Rates 1 and 2 to reflect Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination for relevant CMS 
Rates. Repeat for further Reference Spread(s) as necessary) 
"Slope 1" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
Max[0; Slope Percentage 1(i) + Basket Closing Value B] 
"Slope 2" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
Max[0; Slope Percentage 2(i) + Basket Closing Value C] 
"Slope Participation [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Slope Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
“Settlement Currency Percentage” means in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the FX percentages 
calculated for each Observation Date in respect of such ST Valuation Date determined by the Calculation Agent 
as ∑ti=0 FX Accumulation Value and for which the Settlement Exchange Provisions shall apply with respect to the 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount. 
“Specified Currency Percentage: means in respect of a ST Valuation Date, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of such ST-Valuation Date as (100% - Settlement Currency Percentage) for which 
the Settlement Exchange Provisions shall not apply with respect to the payment of the Final Redemption Amount. 
"Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"Strike Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"SumRate" means, in respect of each ST Coupon Valuation Date, the sum of all previous rates for each ST 
Coupon Valuation Date since (but not including) the last occurring date on which the relevant Barrier Count 
Condition was satisfied (or if none the Issue Date). 
"T" means: [specify number], being the total number of [ST Coupon Valuation Dates][Observation Dates] from 
and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Target Coupon Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Total M" means: [specify number] being the total number of [ST Valuation Dates][ST Valuation Periods] for 
the Notes. 
"Upper Coupon Barrier [1][2][3]4][n]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify number, amount or percentage in relation to each 
Reference Item comprising the Basket].

--- Page 137 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
137 
 
 
5.2 
Value Definitions 
"ABS Value" means in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] the absolute value of [the] [Basket 
Closing Value [A]][Performance][Basket Performance][Worst Performance][Basket Value]. 
"Accumulated Coupon" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each 
Interest Period including the Current Interest Period as [the product of (i)] [each Rate of Interest [and (ii) the Day 
Count Fraction]], in each case for such Interest Period. 
"Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Basket Values 
on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Best Values on 
each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Rainbow 
Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Worst Values 
on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Barrier Count Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], the number of times 
the Count Barrier Condition has been satisfied, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Barrier Initial Price" means a price equal to the product of (x) the RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on 
the [Strike Date][Initial Calculation Date] and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price.  
"Barrier Initial Maximum Price" means a price equal to the product of (x) the greatest RI Closing Value for a 
Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period] 
and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
"Barrier Initial Minimum Price" means an amount equal to the product of (x) the lowest RI Closing Value for 
such Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation 
Period] and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
"Barrier Initial Average Price" means an amount equal to the product of (x) the arithmetic average of the RI 
Closing Values for a Reference Item on each [Strike Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the 
Initial Calculation Period] and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
"Basket Closing Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference Item(s) [from 
(k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference Item in the Basket as (a) 
the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant 
Weighting. 
"Basket Performance" means in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference Item(s) [from 
(k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], (a) the Basket Value [A][B] in respect of such ST Valuation Date minus (b) 
100 per cent. 
"Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference Item(s) [from (k[=[specify]]) 
to (k[=[specify]])], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference Item in the Basket as (a) the [RI Value][RI 
Capped Value][RI Floored Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date multiplied by (b) 
the relevant Weighting. 
"Basket Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date [and any time at which a value for all the 
Reference Items in the Basket is calculated], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference Item in the 
Basket at such time as (a) the RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item is calculated in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant Weighting. 
"Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Intraday Value for the Reference Item(s) 
with the highest or equal highest RI Intraday Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date. 
"Best Performance" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Performance for the Reference Item(s) with 
the highest or equal highest Performance for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date.  
"Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for the Reference Item(s) with the highest 
or equal highest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date.

--- Page 138 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
138 
 
 
"FX Average Level" means the arithmetic average of the RI FX Levels for a Reference Item on each [Strike Day 
in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
"FX Closing Level" means the RI FX Level for a Reference Item on the [Strike Date][Initial Calculation Date]. 
"FX Maximum Level" means the greatest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike 
Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
"FX Minimum Level" means the lowest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike 
Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
"FX Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and any day either: (i) the RI FX Level for such day divided 
by the RI FX Strike Level or (ii) the RI FX Strike Level divided by the RI FX Level for such day, as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Highest Basket Closing Value" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Period, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Reference Item in the Basket as (a) the Highest RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in 
respect of such ST Coupon Valuation Period multiplied by (b) the relevant Weighting. 
"Highest Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Basket Value 
on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Best 
Intraday Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Best Value on any 
ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Rainbow 
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest RI Closing Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST  Valuation Period, the highest or 
equal highest RI Closing Value for such Reference Item on any ST  Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the highest or 
equal highest RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest 
RI Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date [in such ST Valuation Period.][in the period from 
and including [the start of such ST Valuation Period] [specify] up to and including such ST Valuation Date] 
"Highest Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Worst Value on 
any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Inflation Rate" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period][specify defined term from 
Payout Condition 5.2 for a Reference Item which is an Inflation Index]. 
"Initial Average Price" means for a Reference Item, the arithmetic average of the RI Closing Value for a 
Reference Item on each [Strike Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
"Initial Closing Price" means the RI Closing Value of a Reference Item on [the Strike Date][the Initial 
Calculation Date]. 
"Initial Maximum Price" means the highest RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the 
Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
"Initial Minimum Price" means the lowest RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the 
Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of an Index and subject to the Index Linked Conditions, an amount equal to 
the level of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent at any relevant time during the regular trading 
session hours of the relevant Exchanges, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular 
trading session hours, on the relevant ST Valuation Date [multiplied by the FX Value] 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of (i) a Share or an ETF Share or a Fund Share and subject to the Equity 
Linked Conditions or the ETF Linked Conditions or the Fund Linked Conditions, as applicable, an amount equal 
to the price of such Share or ETF Share or Fund Share quoted on the relevant Exchange as determined by the 
Calculation Agent at any relevant time during the regular trading session hours of the relevant Exchange, without 
regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours, on the relevant ST Valuation 
Date [multiplied by the FX Value]; and (ii) a Subject Currency and subject to the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate

--- Page 139 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
139 
 
 
Conditions, a rate determined by reference to the definition of Settlement Price in the Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Conditions by the Calculation Agent and for such purpose the applicable Valuation Time shall be any relevant 
time on the relevant ST Valuation Date.  
"Inverse Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, (a) the RI Inverse Value 
in respect of such day minus (b) 100 per cent. [and multiplied by (c) the FX Value]. 
"Lowest Basket Closing Value" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Period, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Reference Item in the Basket as (a) the Lowest RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in 
respect of such ST Coupon Valuation Period multiplied by (b) the relevant Weighting. 
"Lowest Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Basket Value on 
any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Best Value on any 
ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Rainbow Value 
on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Closing Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST  Valuation Period, the lowest or 
equal lowest RI Closing Value for such Reference Item on any ST  Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or 
equal lowest RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest 
RI Value for such Reference Item on any [ST Valuation Date [in such ST Valuation Period] [in the period from 
and including) [the start of such ST Valuation Period][specify] up to and including such ST Valuation Date] 
"Lowest Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest Worst Intraday Value 
on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Worst Value on 
any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, (a) the RI Value for such 
Reference Item in respect of such day minus (b) 100 per cent. [, and multiplied by (c) the FX Value]. 
"Performance Difference" means in respect of a ST Valuation Date, [the Performance for Reference 
Item (k[=[specify]])] [Basket Performance [A]] in respect of such ST Valuation Date minus [the Performance for 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]])][Basket Performance [B]] in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Performing RI Strike Price" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date [and in respect of each Reference Item 
in the Basket], the RI Initial Value in respect of [such][the] Reference Item [with the][Worst Value][Best 
Value][Ranked Value] [on such ST Valuation Date]. 
"Rainbow Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each 
Basket as (a) the Basket Value for such Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant 
Ranked Basket Weighting. 
"Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Reference 
Item in the Basket as (a) the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date multiplied 
by (b) the relevant Ranked Weighting. 
"Ranked Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Basket Value in respect of the Basket with 
the [first][second][specify] ordinal positioning in the Basket Ranking in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value in respect of the Reference Item with 
the [first][second][specify] ordinal positioning in the Ranking in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Restrike Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date (a) (i) the RI Closing 
Value for such Reference Item in respect of such day divided by (ii) the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item 
in respect of the immediately preceding ST Valuation Date or if none, the [Strike Date][Initial Calculation Date] 
(b) less 100 per cent.[, and multiplied by (c) the FX Value] 
"RI Average Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] the arithmetic average 
of the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of each [set of] Averaging Date[s] specified in relation 
to such ST Valuation Date [multiplied by (b) the FX Value].

--- Page 140 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
140 
 
 
"RI Capped Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the lowest or equal lowest 
value between the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date and a Cap Percentage. 
"RI Closing Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Index, the Settlement Level (as defined in the Index Linked 
Conditions); 
(ii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share, the Settlement Price (as defined in the Equity Linked 
Conditions); 
(iii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level (as defined in the 
Inflation Linked Conditions);  
(iv) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Exchange Traded Fund, the Settlement Price of the ETF 
Share (as defined in the ETF Linked Conditions); 
(v) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share (as defined in the Fund Linked 
Conditions); 
(vi) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Subject Currency, the Settlement Price (as defined in the 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions);  
(vii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a rate of interest, the Reference Item Rate;  
(viii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Reference Spread, the Reference Spread, and 
(ix) 
If the Reference Item is an EUA Contract, the Settlement Price (as defined in the EUA Contract 
Linked Conditions) 
in each case on such ST Valuation Date. 
"RI Floored Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the highest or equal highest 
value between the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date and a Floor Percentage. 
"RI FX Level" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, and for the purpose of converting an amount in respect 
of a Reference Item into the Specified Notes Currency, [(include relevant rate or page/service and, if applicable, 
observation time)[(or any successor to such page or service)] [the Settlement Exchange Rate on the RI FX 
Observation Date immediately following such ST Valuation Date.] [the FX rate determined as set out in item 26 
in the Final Terms][or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the RI FX Level from such source, the RI 
FX Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the rate it determines would have prevailed but for such 
impracticability, by reference to any such source(s) and/or any information that the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.] 
"RI FX Rate" means (i) the RI FX Level, (ii) the FX Value or (iii) the number, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms 
"RI FX Strike Level" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify rate][FX Closing Level][FX Maximum 
Level][FX Minimum Level][FX Average Level]. 
"RI Growing Average Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the arithmetic 
average of [(a)][i)] the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of each Averaging Date[s] specified 
in relation to such ST Valuation Date on which the RI Closing Value is [equal to or][higher than] the RI Closing 
Value in respect of the immediately preceding Averaging Date or if none, the RI Initial Value, divided by [ii] the 
relevant RI Initial Value [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
"RI Initial Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify price] [Initial Closing Price] [Initial Maximum 
Price] [Initial Minimum Price][Initial Average Price] [Barrier Initial Price] [Barrier Initial Maximum Price] 
[Barrier Initial Minimum Price] [Barrier Initial Average Price]. 
"RI Intraday Level" means: 
(i) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Index, the Intraday Level; or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share or an ETF Share or a Fund Share, the Intraday Price; 
or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Subject Currency, the Intraday Price.

--- Page 141 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
141 
 
 
"RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the RI Intraday 
Level for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant RI Initial Value 
[multiplied by (b) FX Value]. 
"RI Inverse Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the RI Initial Value 
divided by (ii) the [RI Closing Value][RI Average Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
"RI Restrike Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date (a) the RI Closing Value for 
such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date divided by (b) the RI Closing Value for such Reference 
Item in respect of the immediately preceding ST Valuation Date or if none, the [Strike Date][Initial Calculation 
Date]. 
"RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the [RI Closing Value][RI 
Average Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date, divided by (ii) the relevant RI 
Initial Value [multiplied by (b) the FX Value][(expressed as a percentage)]. 
"Value Difference" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, [the RI Value for Reference Item (k[=[specify]])] 
[Basket Value [A]] in respect of such ST Valuation Date minus [the RI Value for Reference Item 
(k[=[specify]])][Basket Value [B]] in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Intraday Value for the Reference 
Item(s) with the lowest or equal lowest RI Intraday Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such 
ST Valuation Date. 
"Worst Inverse Value" means, in respect of ST Valuation Date, the RI Inverse Value for the Reference Item(s) 
with the lowest or equal lowest RI Inverse Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date. 
"Worst Performance" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Performance for the Reference Item(s) with 
the lowest or equal lowest Performance for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date. 
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for the Reference Item(s) with the lowest 
or equal lowest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
5.3 
Dates and Periods  
Payments of interest and principal on the Notes may be associated with ST Valuation Dates and/or ST 
Valuation Periods, as the case may be, as specified in the Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, several 
set of dates may be used for the determination and calculation of a particular payout. If, as a result of 
application of any provision of these Conditions, the date on which any determination in respect of a 
payment or redemption is due to be made (including, without limitation, any Valuation Date) is 
postponed (the "Postponed Date") and would consequently fall on or after such relevant payment or 
redemption date (including, without limitation any Interest Payment Date or Automatic Early 
Redemption Date), the date for such payment or redemption shall be postponed to first Business Day 
immediately succeeding the Postponed Date. No additional interest or other amount shall be payable in 
respect of any such delay. 
"Calculation Date" means [specify]. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" shall be the relevant date specified as such in the Final Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of 'Valuation Date' or "Fund Valuation Date". 
"Coupon Valuation Period" shall be the relevant period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Final Calculation Date" means [specify]. 
"Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on but excluding the Maturity Date. 
"Initial Calculation Date" means [specify]. 
"Range Accrual Cut-Off Date" means [in respect of [each][a] [Reference Item [(k)][Basket] and] [in respect of 
any [Range Period] [specify other period] [the][each] date specified as such in the Final Terms.] or, otherwise, 
the date falling [specify number] [calendar days] [Business Days] [Scheduled Trading Days (as defined in the 
[specify] Conditions] [specify other] before the [Range Period End Date] [specify other]. 
"Range Accrual Day" means [an Exchange Business Day][a Scheduled Trading Day][a Business Day][an Interest 
Determination Date][a calendar day][an Observation Day][specify].

--- Page 142 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
142 
 
 
"Range Period" means [specify period][each][the][Interest Period] [(and the final date of each such period, the 
"Range Period End Date")]. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" shall be the relevant date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, as may 
be adjusted in accordance with the definition of 'Valuation Date' or "Fund Valuation Date".  
"RI FX Observation Date" means, in respect of the RI FX level and a ST Valuation Date, the SER Valuation 
Date (as may be adjusted in accordance with the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions) immediately following 
such ST Valuation Date. 
"ST Coupon Valuation Date(s)" means each [Averaging Date][Coupon Valuation Date][Strike Date][Interest 
Determination Date][Interest Period End Date][Determination Date][Knock-in Determination Day][Knock-out 
Determination Day][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price Date][Valuation Date][Range Accrual Day] [and] 
[Range Period Cut-Off Date][Observation Date]. 
"ST Coupon Valuation Period" means [the period from and including [specify] to and [including][excluding][the 
immediately 
following] 
[specify]][each][the][Interest 
Period][Range 
Period][ 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date][Observation Period][Coupon Valuation Period]. 
"ST Redemption Valuation Date" means each [Averaging Date][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price 
Date][Determination Date][Calculation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][Knock-in 
Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Redemption Valuation Date][Final Calculation Date]. 
"ST Redemption Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including [specify]. 
"ST Valuation Date" means each [of the] [Coupon Valuation Date][Strike Date][Redemption Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][Knock-
in Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Range Accrual Day][Settlement Level Date][Settlement 
Price 
Date][Scheduled 
Trading 
Day][Calculation 
Date][Initial 
Calculation 
Date][Final 
Calculation 
Date][Observation Date]. 
"ST Valuation Period" means each [ST Coupon Valuation Period][ST Redemption Valuation Period][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period][Knock-in 
Determination 
Period][Knock-out 
Determination 
Period][Observation Period]. 
"Target Determination Date" means [specify date(s)]. 
"Target Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on but excluding the Maturity Date. 
5.4 
Conditional Conditions 
If one or more conditions defined below are applicable for the determination and calculation of a payout 
formula(e), the definition shall be inserted, completed and adjusted in the Final Terms in order to take 
into account any value definitions in Payout Condition 5.2, relevant Date(s) and or Periods, and/or other 
Variable Data. 
"Barrier Count Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon 
Valuation Period], the [Coupon Barrier Value][Redemption Barrier Value] [for] [each] [any] [Observation Date] 
[in respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon Valuation Period], as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than] [equal to or greater than] [less than or equal to] the [Coupon 
Barrier][Redemption Barrier] [and][or](repeat as necessary)]. 
"Basket Range Accrual Coupon Condition" will be deemed satisfied if: 
(a) 
Basket Closing Value [A] for the relevant Range Accrual Day in the applicable Range Period is [(i)] 
[[equal to or greater than][greater than] the relevant Lower Coupon Barrier [1] and (ii) ][ [less than or 
equal][less than] to the relevant Upper Coupon Barrier [1],] and [ 
(b) 
Basket Closing Value B for the relevant Range Accrual Day in the applicable Range Period is [(i)] [[equal 
to or greater than][greater than] the relevant Lower Coupon Barrier [2] and (ii) ][ [less than or equal][less 
than] to the relevant Upper Coupon Barrier [2]. and] [ 
(c) 
Basket Closing Value C for the relevant Range Accrual Day in the applicable Range Period is [(i)] [[equal 
to or greater than][greater than] the relevant Lower Coupon Barrier [3] and (ii) ][ [less than or equal][less 
than] to the relevant Upper Coupon Barrier [3]] 
(Delete, replicate and complete the above definition multiple times as necessary or set out relevant table)

--- Page 143 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
143 
 
 
[In respect of [each][the] Basket and a Range Accrual Day (other than a Range Accrual Stub Day) which is not a 
[Business Day][Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day] for any Reference Item (k) in the Basket, the 
Basket Closing Value for such Basket on such day shall be the Basket Closing Value for such Basket on the 
immediately preceding [Business Day] [Scheduled Trading Day that was not a Disrupted Day] for all Reference 
Item (k) in the Basket. [The above provisions with regard to the consequences of a Disrupted Day or a day not 
being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over consequences provided for in any applicable Annex.]] 
[In respect of [each][the] Basket and the relevant Range Period, the Basket Closing Value in respect of such 
Basket for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual Cut-Off Date to (and excluding) the Range 
Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will be deemed to be the Basket Closing Value as of such 
Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
"Cappuccino Barrier Condition" means, in respect of [a] [the] [Reference Item] [and] a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], that the Coupon Barrier Value [for] [each] [any] [Observation Date] [in 
respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, is [greater than] [less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier. 
"Count Barrier Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of an Observation Date, the [Coupon][Redemption] 
Barrier Value] on such Observation Date in respect of the relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon 
Valuation Period][ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater 
than][less 
than][equal 
to 
or 
greater 
than][less 
than 
or 
equal 
to] 
the 
[Coupon][Redemption][ 
Barrier][and][or](repeat as necessary). 
"Coupon Barrier Condition [1]" means, in respect of [a ST Coupon Valuation Date][a ST Valuation Coupon 
Period], that the Coupon Barrier Value [for] [each][any] [Observation Date] [in respect of][the relevant] [on such] 
[ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Valuation Coupon Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater 
than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] [the] Coupon Barrier [1][ but is [greater than][less 
than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [2]]. 
"Coupon Barrier Condition [2]" means, in respect of [a ST Valuation Coupon Date][a ST Coupon Valuation 
Period], that the Coupon Barrier Value [for] [each][any] [Observation Date] [in respect of][the relevant] [on such] 
[ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater 
than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [1] but is [greater than][less 
than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [2]. 
"Digital Coupon Condition [1]" means: 
(i) 
in respect of Reference Item [1], that the Coupon Barrier Value for [the] Reference Item [1] 
[for] [each] [any] [Observation Date] [in respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date] [ST Coupon Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent is [(i)] 
[greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], [the] Coupon Barrier 1 
[and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier 
2](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified)[; and  
(ii) 
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 [for] 
[each][any] [Observation Date][in respect of][the relevant] [on such] [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][in the relevant][ST Coupon Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent is 
[(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [1] 
[and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], Coupon Barrier 
[2]] (insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [2] is specified)](insert (b) if Reference Item 2 is specified).  
"Digital Coupon Condition 2" means in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
(i) 
in respect of Reference Item [1], that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item [1] [for] 
[each][any] [Observation Date][in respect of][the relevant][on such] [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][and][ST Coupon Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent is [(i)] 
[greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [3] [and 
(ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier 
[4]](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [4] is specified)[; and 
(ii) 
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 [for] 
[each][any][Observation Date][in respect of][the relevant] [on such][ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent is [(i)] [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier [3] [and (ii)

--- Page 144 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
144 
 
 
[greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the Coupon Barrier [4]] 
(insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [4] is specified) (insert (b) if Reference Item 2 is specified).  
"Final Redemption Condition" means, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation Period], that the Final Redemption Value [for] [each][any] [Observation Date][in respect of][the 
relevant][on such] [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period], as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] [the Final Redemption 
Condition Level][[1] [and][or](repeat as necessary)][Put Strike Percentage]. 
"Final Redemption Condition [1]" means, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation Period], that the Final Redemption Value [for] [each][any] [Observation Date][in respect of][the 
relevant][on such] [ST Redemption Valuation Dates] [ST Redemption Valuation Period], as determined by the 
Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] [Final Redemption 
Condition Level] [1] [and][or](repeat as necessary)[Put Strike Percentage][Call Strike Percentage]. 
"Final Redemption Condition [2]" means, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date] [ ST Redemption 
Valuation Period] that the Final Redemption Value [for] [each][any] [Observation Date] [in respect of] [the 
relevant] [on such] [ST Redemption Valuation Date] [in the relevant [ST Redemption Valuation Period], as 
determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] 
[Final Redemption Condition Level ][1][Call Strike Percentage][, but is [greater than][less than][equal to or 
greater than][less than or equal to] [Final Redemption Condition Level 2][Put Strike Percentage].] 
"FX Condition [1]" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], that the FX Condition 
Value [for] [each][any] [Observation Date][in respect of][the relevant][on such] [ST Valuation Dates] [ST 
Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less 
than or equal to] [FX Level [1] [and][or](repeat as necessary). 
"FX Condition [2]" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] that the FX Condition 
Value [for] [each][any] [Observation Date] [in respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Valuation Date] [in the 
relevant [ST Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or 
greater than][less than or equal to] [Final Redemption Condition Level ][1][, but is [greater than][less than][equal 
to or greater than][less than or equal to] [FX Condition  Level [2]] 
"Ladder Condition [1][2]" means, in respect of an Observation Date, that the Observation Value on such 
Observation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater 
than][less than or equal to] the Observation Level[1][2]. 
"Multiplier Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of an Observation Date, the Multiplier Value on such 
Observation Date in respect of the relevant [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Multiplier Level. 
"Podium Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the 
Coupon Value for such Reference Item on such ST Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, is [greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier. 
"Range Accrual Countdown Condition" [subject as provided below,] will be deemed satisfied if, in respect of 
each Range Accrual Day in [the][relevant] Range Period [(n)][from and including [specify] to [and including][but 
excluding] [[specify] for [each] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]), the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item 
in respect of each such Range Accrual Day is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][equal to or 
less than] the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [specify number][and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal 
to or greater than][equal to or less than] the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [specify number](insert (ii) 
if a Coupon Barrier [specify number] is specified) [as specified in the table below]. 
(Replicate and complete the above definition multiple times as necessary or set out relevant table) 
[Table] 
Specific Provisions for Range Accrual Countdown Condition: 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and] a Range Accrual Day [(other than a Range Accrual Stub 
Day)] which is not a [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day or is a 
Disrupted Day][specify] for such Reference Item [(k)], the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference 
Item [(k)] on such day shall be the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on the 
immediately preceding [Business Day[for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day that was 
not a Disrupted Day][specify]. [The above provisions with regard to the consequences of a Disrupted

--- Page 145 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
145 
 
 
Day or a day not being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over consequences provided for in any 
applicable Annex.] 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and the relevant Range Period, the Coupon Barrier Value in 
respect of such Reference Item [(k)] for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual Cut-
Off Date to (and excluding) the Range Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will be 
deemed to be the Coupon Barrier Value as of such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" [subject as provided below] will be deemed satisfied if: 
(i) 
in respect of [each][the] Reference Item (k=specify), that the Coupon Barrier Value for such 
Reference Item for the relevant Range Accrual Day [in the applicable Range Period [(n)]] is 
[(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the relevant Coupon 
Barrier 1 [and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the 
relevant Coupon Barrier 2](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified)[; and  
(ii) 
[in respect of Reference Item(k=n), that the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item for 
the relevant Range Accrual Day [in the applicable Range Period [(n)][from and including 
[specify] to [and including][but excluding][[specify] [for [each] Reference Item (k[=[specify]])] 
is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the relevant 
[Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [insert number] [and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or 
greater than][less than or equal to], the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [insert 
number]](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier (insert number) is specified)) [as specified in the table 
below](insert this paragraph (ii) if Reference Item(k=n) is specified). (Set out relevant table) 
[Table] 
Specific Provisions for Range Accrual Coupon Condition: 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and] a Range Accrual Day [(other than a Range Accrual Stub 
Day)] [which is not a [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][[Scheduled Trading Day] or is a 
Disrupted Day][specify] for such Reference Item [(k)], the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference 
Item [(k)] on such day shall be the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on the 
immediately preceding [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day that was 
not a Disrupted Day][specify]. [The above provisions with regard to the consequences of a Disrupted 
Day or a day not being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over consequences provided for in any 
applicable Annex.] 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and the relevant Range Period, the Coupon Barrier Value in 
respect of such Reference Item [(k)] for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual Cut-
off Date to (but excluding) the Range Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will be 
deemed to be the Coupon Barrier Value as of such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
(Repeat any of the above paragraphs where relevant in relation to each Reference Item) 
"Range Accrual Final Redemption Condition" [subject as provided below] will be deemed satisfied if, in 
respect of [each][the] Reference Item (k=specify), that the Final Redemption Value for such Reference Item for 
the relevant Range Accrual Day in the applicable Range Period is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater 
than][less than or equal to] the relevant Final Redemption Condition Level [specify number] [and (ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the relevant Final Redemption Condition Level 
[specify number]](insert (ii) if an additional Final Redemption Condition Level is specified) [as specified in the 
table below].  
(Replicate and complete the above definition multiple times as necessary or set out relevant table) 
[Table] 
Specific Provisions for Range Accrual Final Redemption Coupon Condition:  
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and] a Range Accrual Day [(other than a Range Accrual Stub 
Day)] [which is not a [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][[Scheduled Trading Day] or is a 
Disrupted Day][specify] for such Reference Item [(k)], the Final Redemption Value for such Reference 
Item [(k)] on such day shall be the Final Redemption Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on the 
immediately preceding [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day that was 
not a Disrupted Day][specify]. [The above provisions with regard to the consequences of a Disrupted 
Day or a day not being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over consequences provided for in any 
applicable Annex.]

--- Page 146 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
146 
 
 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and the relevant Range Period, the Final Redemption Value in 
respect of such Reference Item [(k)] for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual Cut-
off Date to (but excluding) the Range Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will be 
deemed to be the Final Redemption Value as of such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
5.5 
Enumeration Convention 
Without prejudice to any other provision of these Payout Conditions and as a general rule the following suffixes 
in relation to the payout terms will be used. Other suffix terms may be selected and may be included in the Final 
Terms with other definitions or provisions from the Payout Conditions: 
"i" [from i = [specify] to i = [specify]] or "m" [from m = [specify] to m = [specify]] in relation to the relevant ST 
Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period. 
"j" [from j = [specify] to j = [specify] means the relevant Strike Date. 
"k" [from k = [specify] to k = [specify]] means the relevant Reference Item. 
"q" [from q = [specify] to q = [specify] or "t" [from t = [specify] to t = [specify] means the relevant Observation 
Date or ST Valuation Date. 
Any of these suffixes will be inserted, completed and explained, if necessary, in the Final Terms and may be 
tabulated, especially where two or more suffixes apply. 
6. 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
If Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then notwithstanding the 
Notes are denominated in, and calculations made in respect of, the Specified Notes Currency (the "SER Subject 
Currency"), as shall be specified in the Final Terms either, (i) all payments or (ii) only those payments to which 
the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified to apply, in respect of the Notes shall be made in the 
Settlement Currency (the "Settlement Currency" or the "SER Base Currency"). 
Unless SER – Intermediate Currency Requirements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the amount to be paid in the SER Base Currency by applying the Settlement Exchange Rate 
to the amount that would have been payable in the SER Subject Currency were it not for the provisions of this 
Payout Condition 6.  
If SER Intermediate Currency Requirements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the amount to be paid in the SER Base Currency by (i) applying the Settlement Exchange Rate to 
the amount that would have been payable in the SER Subject Currency were it not for the provisions of this Payout 
Condition 6 to produce an amount denominated in the SER Intermediate Currency, and then (ii) applying the 
Second Settlement Exchange Rate to such amount denominated in the SER Intermediate Currency. 
Any such payment shall be made on the date such payment would have otherwise been due provided that, if limb 
(b) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, such payment may be deferred in accordance 
with Payout Condition 6.1(e) below if the SER Valuation Date is postponed as set out herein. No additional 
interest or other amount shall be payable in respect of any such delay. 
6.1 
SER Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Payout Condition 6.1 apply only in respect of the SER Subject Currency, where Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in the Final Terms and limb (b) and/or (c) of the definition 
of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies. 
(a) 
SER Disruption Events 
The occurrence of any of the following events shall be a "SER Disruption Event":  
Where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/PEN, USD/CLP or 
USD/COP, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the occurrence of a Price Source Disruption, 
or any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous thereto and/or, where so 
specified in the Final Terms, the occurrence of any of the events set out in sub-paragraphs (ii) to (viii) 
below or any other event that in the opinion of the Calculation Agent is analogous thereto. 
In respect of any other Settlement Exchange Rate, if so specified in the Final Terms, the occurrence of 
any of the following events:  
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption;

--- Page 147 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
147 
 
 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation;  
(viii) 
Price Materiality; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (viii) above.  
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 of the occurrence of a SER Disrupted Day on any day that but for the occurrence of the 
SER Disrupted Day would have been a SER Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Consequences of a SER Disruption Event 
Upon a SER Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the 
day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant SER Price 
Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining the 
consequences of the SER Disruption Event: (a) Calculation Agent Determination where the applicable 
SER Disruption Event is other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the applicable 
SER Disruption Fallback where the applicable SER Disruption Event is a Price Source Disruption or 
Price Materiality.  
(c) 
SER Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a SER Valuation Date is 
a SER Unscheduled Holiday in respect of the SER Subject Currency then such date shall be the 
immediately succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day after the occurrence of the SER Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject as provided above, and Provided That if such SER Valuation Date has not occurred on 
or before the SER Maximum Days of Postponement then the next SER Scheduled Trading Day after 
such period that would have been a SER Scheduled Trading Day but for the SER Unscheduled Holiday 
shall be deemed to be the relevant date for valuation and the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such day in its sole discretion acting in good faith having taken 
into account relevant market practice and by reference to such additional source(s) as it deems 
appropriate. 
(d) 
SER Cumulative Events 
If "SER Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, in no event shall the total 
number of consecutive calendar days during which any SER Valuation Date is postponed as a 
consequence of the provisions of this Payout Condition 6.1, due to either (i) a SER Unscheduled Holiday 
or (ii) a SER Valuation Postponement (or a combination of both (i) and (ii)) exceed the SER Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement in the aggregate. If a SER Valuation Date is postponed by the number 
of calendar days equal to the SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement and at the end of such 
period (i) a SER Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day immediately 
following such period (the "Final Day"), then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the relevant SER 
Valuation Date and (ii) if a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the Final 
Day, then Valuation Postponement shall not apply and the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined 
in accordance with the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback. Unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, SER Cumulative Events will be deemed to be specified as applicable for the purposes of this 
Condition (d) if the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as either USD/PEN, 
USD/CLP or USD/COP. 
(e) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any SER Valuation Date is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Payout Condition 
6.1, then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any assets shall fall on the later of (a) the 
date for such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Final Terms and (b) (i) 
where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/PEN, USD/CLP or 
USD/COP, the day falling two SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days after the SER Valuation 
Date, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, and (ii) in the case of any other Settlement Exchange

--- Page 148 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
148 
 
 
Rate, the day falling the SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified in the Final Terms 
(or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the SER Valuation Date.  
6.2 
Consequences of a SER Additional Disruption Event 
Other than where limb (a) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that a SER Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If the Notes 
are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him 
which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the SER Additional Disruption 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
13. 
6.3 
Definitions 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (A) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or 
it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that the SER Subject Currency splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"EMTA" means EMTA, Inc., the trade association for the Emerging Markets. 
"Exchange Rate Divergence" means: 
(i) 
if the Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms is USD/ARS, that, in the reasonable opinion 
of not less than 5 unaffiliated EMTA Members notified to EMTA (or its successor) by no later than 4 
p.m., Buenos Aires time on the SER Valuation Date, the SER Price Source has failed, for a period of not 
less than three consecutive SER Scheduled Trading Days (for any reason, including due to a split in the 
currency exchange rate or other event) to reflect the current prevailing Argentine Peso bid and offer rates 
for a standard size Argentine Peso/U.S. Dollar financial transaction for same-day settlement in the 
Buenos Aires marketplace on the SER Valuation Date; and  
(ii) 
if the Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms is USD/BRL, that, in the reasonable and 
independent judgement, as notified to EMTA in accordance with the EMTA BRL Exchange Rate 
Divergence Procedures, of not less than 7 unaffiliated EMTA members that are recognised market 
makers active in the BRL/U.S. Dollar foreign exchange market (no less than 4 of which shall be active 
participants in the onshore BRL/USD spot market), the SER Price Source (following a split of the 
exchange rates in Brazil or otherwise) no longer reflects the then-prevailing Brazilian Reais / U.S. Dollar 
spot rate for standard-size wholesale financial transactions involving the exchange of Brazilian Reais for 
U.S. Dollars delivered outside of Brazil, and 
(iii) 
if the Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms is a rate other than USD/ARS or USD/BRL 
but, it is specified in the relevant EMTA Template Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Issue Date and in respect of such Settlement Exchange Rate, that Price Source Disruption shall 
include Exchange Rate Divergence, then Exchange Rate Divergence shall have the meaning given in the 
relevant EMTA Template Terms with respect to such Settlement Exchange Rate. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to convert a 
SER Subject Currency into the SER Base Currency or a SER Subject Currency into the SER Intermediate 
Currency in a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction through customary legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to deliver 
(A) the SER Base Currency from accounts inside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside a SER 
Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the SER Subject Currency between accounts inside a SER Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or (ii) any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank), in each 
case in any relevant jurisdiction.

--- Page 149 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
149 
 
 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of the SER Subject Currency whereby it 
becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed 
necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the 
relevant SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such SER Valuation Date would, in the 
ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant SER Price Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, 
or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Initial Settlement Exchange Rate" or "Initial SER" means the rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Second Settlement Exchange Rate" means the rate published on the price source (or successor to such source) 
at the observation time, both specified as such in the Final Terms, for the exchange of the SER Settlement 
Currency per one unit of the SER Intermediate Currency, however, (i) if it is not reasonably practicable to 
determine such rate at such time due to a SER Disruption Event or such other delay or postponement in converting 
the SER Base Currency into the SER Intermediate Currency, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to the 
consequence of such event, observe such rate as soon as practicable once the conversion into the SER Intermediate 
Currency has taken place, or (ii) if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the Second Settlement Exchange 
Rate from such source, the Second Settlement Exchange Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the 
rate it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it deems 
appropriate for the exchange of the SER Intermediate Currency per one unit of the SER Base Currency at or about 
the time and by reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate. 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events specified as 
SER Disruption Events) in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction beyond the control of the parties to a hedging 
arrangement in respect of the Notes which makes it impossible (A) for a party to fulfil its obligations under the 
hedging arrangement or (B) generally to fulfil obligations similar to such party's obligations under that hedging 
arrangement. 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by any 
Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes of all or 
substantially all of its assets in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the SER Primary Rate differs from 
any SER Secondary Rate by at least the SER Price Materiality Percentage or if there are insufficient responses on 
the relevant SER Valuation Date to any survey used to calculate any such rate, then the SER Price Materiality 
Percentage will be deemed to be met.  
"Price Source Disruption" means in respect of any date on which a calculation is due to be made in accordance 
with these Settlement Exchange Rate provisions, that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which 
the Settlement Exchange Rate is calculated and, where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final 
Terms as: 
(i) 
USD/ARS; 
(ii) 
USD/BRL; or  
(iii) 
any other Settlement Exchange Rate in respect of which the Calculation Agent determines that, as of the 
Issue Date, the relevant EMTA Template Terms for such rate (if any) specifies that Price Source Disruption 
includes Exchange Rate Divergence,  
then Price Source Disruption shall include Exchange Rate Divergence.

--- Page 150 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
150 
 
 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Final Terms or any successor to such 
page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
"Settlement Currency" or "SER Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Settlement Exchange Rate" means (a) the rate specified as such in the Final Terms, (b) if no such rate is 
specified and, subject as referred to in Payout Condition 6.1 above, the rate of exchange appearing on the SER 
Price Source at the SER Valuation Time on the relevant SER Valuation Date for the exchange of the SER Subject 
Currency per one unit of the SER Base Currency for settlement on the SER Number of Settlement Days; or (c) if 
SER Intermediate Currency Requirements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms and no rate is specified 
as the Settlement Exchange Rate in the Final Terms, the rate of exchange appearing on the SER Price Source at 
the SER Valuation Time on the relevant SER Valuation Date for the exchange of the SER Subject Currency per 
one unit of the SER Intermediate Currency for settlement on the SER Number of Settlement Days. 
"SER Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified as not applicable in the Final Terms) Change in 
Law, or (ii) Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the Final Terms. 
"SER Disrupted Day" means any SER Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that 
a SER Disruption Event has occurred. 
"SER Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for determining 
the Settlement Exchange Rate, when a SER Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a SER Valuation 
Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by the SER Price Source) being,  
(i) 
where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/PEN, USD/CLP or 
USD/COP in the following order: Valuation Postponement and Calculation Agent Determination (unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms); and 
(ii) 
in the case of any other Settlement Exchange Rate, any of Calculation Agent Determination, First 
Fallback Reference Price, Second Fallback Reference Price and Valuation Postponement, as so specified 
in the Final Terms for such SER Subject Currency. 
Where more than one SER Disruption Fallback is so specified then such SER Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in 
the order in which they are specified either in (i) or (ii) above or in the Final Terms until the Settlement Exchange 
Rate can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that SER Settlement Currency, for such SER Valuation 
Date.  
Where: 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Exchange 
Rate, taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. If the Calculation Agent determines that it 
is not possible to determine the Settlement Exchange Rate, the Issuer may early redeem all but not some only of 
the Notes pursuant to General Condition 6(f).  
"First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Exchange 
Rate, by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for which purpose, references in the 
definition of Settlement Exchange Rate, to "SER Price Source", "SER Valuation Time" and "SER Number of 
Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be to "SER First Fallback Price Source", "SER First Fallback 
Valuation Time" and "SER First Fallback Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have 
the meanings given to them in the Final Terms). 
"Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Exchange 
Rate by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, for which purpose, references in the 
definition of Settlement Exchange Rate to "SER Price Source", "SER Valuation Time" and "SER Number of 
Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be to "SER Second Fallback Price Source", "SER Second 
Fallback Valuation Time" and "SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such 
terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Final Terms). 
"SER Intermediate Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means (i) where the SER Subject Currency is PEN, CLP 
or COP, 30 calendar days, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, and (ii) for any other SER Subject 
Currency, the number of days specified as such in the Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar 
days.

--- Page 151 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
151 
 
 
"SER Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Final Terms or, if 
no such number is specified, 30 calendar days.  
"SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days" means SER Settlement Days unless otherwise specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"SER Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a SER Subject Currency, the number of days on which 
commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in the SER Settlement Day Centre(s) (each, a "SER Settlement Day"). Where no such number or zero is 
so specified, then such rate shall be for settlement on the same day, provided that (i) where the Subject Currency 
is CLP, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the SER Number of Settlement Days shall be deemed to be 
1 and (ii) where the Subject Currency is PEN or COP, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the SER 
Number of Settlement Days shall be deemed to be zero.   
"SER Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms or, if no such 
percentage is specified, 3 per cent.  
"SER Price Source" means: 
(a) 
where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/PEN, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms, in respect of a SER Valuation Date the "PEN INTERBANK AVE (PEN05) 
Rate" being the PEN/USD average exchange rate in the interbank market, expressed as the amount of 
PEN per one USD for settlement on the same day, reported by the Banco Central de Perú 
(www.bcrp.gob.pe) (or any successor or replacement to such page) as the "Tipo de Cambio Interbancario 
Promedio" at approximately 2.00 p.m. Lima Time (the "SER Valuation Time") on that SER Valuation 
Date; 
(b) 
where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/CLP, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms, in respect of a SER Valuation Date the "CLP DÓLAR OBS (CLP 10)" rate 
being the USD/CLP exchange rate, expressed as the amount of CLP per one USD, for settlement in one 
SER Scheduled Trading Day reported by the Banco Central de Chile (www.bcentral.cl) (or any successor 
or replacement to such page) as the "Dólar Observado" rate by no later than 10.30 a.m. Santiago time 
(the "SER Valuation Time"), on the first SER Scheduled Trading Day following that SER Valuation 
Date (or any successor or replacement to such page); 
(c) 
where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/COP, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms, in respect of a SER Valuation Date the "COP TRM (COP02) Rate" being 
the USD/COP exchange rate for such day, expressed as the amount of COP per one USD, for settlement 
on the same day reported by the Colombian Financial Superintendency as published on its website 
(www.banrep.gov.co) (or any successor or replacement to such page) as the "Tasa Representativa del 
Mercado (TRM)" (also referred to as the "Tasa de Cambio Representativa del Mercado" (TCRM)) by no 
later than 10.30 a.m. Bogotá time (the "SER Valuation Time") on the first SER Scheduled Trading Day 
following such SER Valuation Date; or 
(d) 
for any other Settlement Exchange Rate, such other price source(s) specified as such in the Final Terms, 
or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"SER Primary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"SER Secondary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"SER Settlement Day Centres" means (i) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms 
as USD/PEN, USD/COP or USD/CLP, New York (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) and (ii) for any 
other Settlement Exchange Rate, each SER Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the Final Terms.  
"SER Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of 
a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in 
accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each SER Scheduled Trading Day 
City specified in the Final Terms provided that where the SER Subject Currency is BRL, then notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if the relevant SER Valuation Date falls on a date that, as at the Trade Date, is not a scheduled day 
on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a Disruption Event would have been open) for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in New York City (an "NYC Business Day") then no adjustment to such date shall be made on account 
of the fact that such date is not an NYC Business Day.

--- Page 152 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
152 
 
 
"SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities" means (i) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the 
Final Terms as USD/PEN, the SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities shall be, unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, New York City and Lima, (ii) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms 
as USD/CLP, the SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities shall be, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
in New York City and Santiago; (iii) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as 
USD/COP, the SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities shall be, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
New York City and Bogotá; and (iv) in other cases the city or cities specified in the Final Terms.  
"SER Subject Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the SER Subject Currency is the lawful 
currency or each country for which the SER Intermediate Currency is the lawful currency, as the case may be. 
"SER Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a SER Scheduled Trading Day and the market was not 
aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) 
until a time later than 9:00a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the SER Subject Currency, two SER 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to the relevant scheduled SER Valuation Date. 
"SER Valuation Date" means any date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a SER Scheduled 
Trading Day, the immediately preceding SER Scheduled Trading Day and, in the event of a SER Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Payout Condition 6.1(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, the resultant day is a SER Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Payout Condition 6.1(b) shall 
apply. Where the amount so due is the Early Redemption Amount, then the SER Valuation Date shall be deemed 
to be the fifth SER Scheduled Trading Day prior to the date of early redemption of the Notes. 
"SER Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, (i) where the Settlement Exchange 
Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/PEN, approximately 2.00 p.m. Lima Time on the SER Valuation 
Date, (ii) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/CLP, no later than 10.30 
a.m. Santiago time on the first SER Scheduled Trading Day following the SER Valuation Date, (iii) where the 
Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/COP, no later than 10.30 a.m. Bogotá time on 
the first SER Scheduled Trading Day following the SER Valuation Date, or (iv) the time at which the SER Price 
Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Exchange Rate is calculated. 
"Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Exchange Rate, shall be determined on the immediately 
succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not a SER Disrupted Day unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that no such SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not a SER Disrupted Day has occurred on or before 
the day falling the SER Maximum Days of Postponement following the originally designated SER Valuation 
Date, as the case may be. In such event, the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined on the next SER 
Scheduled Trading Day after the SER Maximum Days of Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that day may 
be a SER Disrupted Day) in accordance with the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback. 
7. 
UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes 
If UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes Provisions are specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
(a) 
Amounts denominated in Colombian Peso (including any Aggregate Nominal Amount, Calculation 
Amount or Specified Denomination) will be adjusted by the Calculation Agent by reference to the UVR 
Index on the Specified Number of COP/UVR Business Days prior to the date of scheduled payment of 
any amounts due ("The Colombian Peso UVR Adjusted Amount") 
(b) 
Definitions: 
"COP/UVR Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks for business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market in Bogota 
and New York City). 
"IPC" means, with respect to any period, the Colombian Consumer Price Index (Índice de Precios al 
Consumidor) that is published monthly and certified by the National Administrative Department of 
Statistics (Departamento Administrativo Nacional de Estadistica) or by any other authority succeeding 
to its functions and capacities from time to time. 
"Specified Number of COP/UVR Business Days" shall be as set out in the Final Terms. 
"UVR" means Unidad de Valor Real or Unidad de Valor Constante, which, as set out in Article 3 of Law 
546 of 1999 of Colombia, is the unit of adjustment to the COP based on the variation of the IPC and 
expressed as the amount of COP per unit of UVR as published and outstanding at the relevant time on

--- Page 153 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
153 
 
 
the website of the Colombian Central Bank: (Banco de la República de Colombia): 
http://www.banrep.gov.co/es/unidad-valor-real-uvr under the heading "Unidad de valor real 
(UVR)", calculated by the Colombian Central Bank in accordance with Resolución Externa No. 13 de 
2000.   
If the UVR is wholly replaced or substituted entirely for another unit by the Colombian Central Bank, 
references to UVR will be to the unit replacing or substituting the UVR to the extent that (a) such unit is 
determined by the Colombian Central Bank, (b) such unit is applicable to commercial transactions and 
(c) such unit is published on the web site of the Colombian Central Bank or another official publication 
in Colombia in respect of any given date. In the event (i) UVR is no longer published by or available 
from the Colombian Central Bank, or (ii) UVR is wholly replaced or substituted entirely for another unit 
that is not determined by the Colombian Central Bank or (iii) UVR for a determination date is not 
available on the applicable determination date (such events in (i), (ii) and (iii), a "UVR Event"), UVR 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent (in its sole discretion) and the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the Notes are redeemed early at the Early Redemption Amount. If the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Notes are to be redeemed early, the Issuer having given not less than 10 nor more 
than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), shall, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each Note being 
redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in General Condition 6(f). Interest will cease to 
accrue and no further interest will be payable from the Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Issue Date) 
immediately preceding such UVR Event.  
"UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes" means Notes denominated in Colombian Pesos which is adjusted by 
reference to UVR Index and in respect of which payment will be made in the Settlement Currency.  
"UVR Index" means in respect of a COP/UVR Business Day, the result of (a) the UVR on such day 
divided by (b) the Initial UVR, provided that if "Floored UVR Index" is specified in the Final Terms as 
applicable and if the result of such calculation is less than one, the UVR Index shall be one for the purpose 
of determining the Final Redemption Amount only or determining all payments as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Initial UVR" means the UVR specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 154 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
154 
 
 
ANNEX 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Index Linked Notes set out below 
(the "Index Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions, the Index Linked Conditions shall 
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Index Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the 
Payout Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an 
Averaging Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date 
or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2. 
Adjustments to an Index 
(a) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as 
used in the calculation of that Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor Index") will 
be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (i) on or prior to the last Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the last Averaging 
Date, last Knock-in Determination Day, last Knock-out Determination Day, last Observation 
Date or last Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for, or the method of, calculating a relevant Index or in any other 
way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or 
method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent component(s) and 
capitalisation, contracts or commodities and other routine events) (an "Index Modification"), 
or permanently cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists (an "Index 
Cancellation"), or (ii) on an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an Averaging Date, 
a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index 
Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index (an "Index Disruption" and, together 
with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an "Index Adjustment Event"), 
then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on 
the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Settlement Level using, in lieu of a published 
level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time on that Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the change, 
failure or cancellation, but using only those components that comprised that Index immediately 
prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment has been proposed by the Related 
Exchange or Related Pricing Source, as applicable, and that no other action will produce a 
commercially reasonable result, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion may, on giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13: 
(A) 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of 
an amount equal to the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the Index 
Adjustment Event (the "Calculated Index Adjustment Amount") less the cost to the

--- Page 155 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
155 
 
 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
(the "Modified Calculated Index Adjustment Amount"), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as soon as practicable following 
the occurrence of the relevant Index Adjustment Event (the "Calculated Index 
Adjustment Amount Determination Date"); or 
(B) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount 
on the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date, and redeem each 
Note on the scheduled Maturity Date by payment of the Calculated Index Adjustment 
Amount. For avoidance of any doubt, the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount shall 
not accrue any interest from the date of its calculation to the Maturity Date. 
In relation to paragraphs (A) and (B) above, notwithstanding General Condition 4(g), each Note 
shall cease to bear interest from and including the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount 
Determination Date and no interest amounts scheduled for payment thereafter (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, including any Specified Interest Amounts) shall be payable. 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding (i) and (ii) above, in the case of a Single-Exchange or Multi-Exchange Index, 
if there are any options or future contracts of the Index traded on the Related Exchange, the 
Calculation Agent may in its sole and absolute discretion, upon the occurrence of an Index 
Adjustment Event, make the corresponding adjustments made on any Related Exchange (an 
"Exchange Based Adjustment"). 
(c) 
Notice 
Upon the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
practicable, other than in the case of an Exchange Based Adjustment notify the Issuer of any 
determination made by it pursuant to paragraph (b) above and the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the 
occurrence of the Index Adjustment Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not 
affect the validity of the Index Adjustment Event or the proposed action. 
3. 
Correction of Index 
If the relevant level of the Index published on a given day which is used or to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant Successor Index 
Sponsor within the Index Correction Period, the level to be used shall be the level of the Index as so 
corrected; provided that any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business 
Days or Index Business Days, as applicable, prior to a due date for payment under the Notes 
calculated by reference to the level of the Index will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
4. 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take 
the action described in (i), (ii) or (if applicable) (iii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General 
Conditions, these Index Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms to account for the Additional 
Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If 
the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each 
Note held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the 
Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Additional Adjustment Amount"), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13; or 
(iii) 
require the Calculation Agent to calculate the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount as soon 
as practicable following the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event (the "Calculated 
Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem

--- Page 156 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
156 
 
 
each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated 
Additional Disruption Amount plus interest accrued on the Calculated Additional Disruption 
Amount on a daily basis from and including the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount 
Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, each such daily accrual rate being at a 
rate equal to Issuer's funding cost on or about the relevant day or (y) if greater, at its nominal 
amount. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer 
thereof as soon as practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, 
provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of the 
Additional Disruption Event or the proposed action. 
5. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
This Index Linked Condition 5 is applicable only if: 
(a) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment under 
the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(b) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment under 
the relevant Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period if on any or all Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable, and the Issuer shall redeem each Note of 
a nominal amount equal to the Calculation Amount at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. 
7. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms) Change in Law (ii) 
(unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms) in the case of an Index other than a Single-Exchange Index or 
Multi-Exchange Index, Hedging Disruption (iii) in the case of a Single-Exchange Index or Multi-Exchange Index, 
Hedging Disruption, if specified in the Final Terms and (iv) Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of 
Component Borrow and/or Loss of Component Borrow if specified in the Final Terms. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means an amount, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic Early Redemption Amount set out in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms or if such date is not 
a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or further 
payment in respect of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A), 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to,

--- Page 157 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
157 
 
 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the 
Automatic Early Redemption Range, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in 
the Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked 
Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified 
as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked Condition. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date shall be delayed in accordance with the corresponding provisions of the definition of 
Valuation Date which shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1 
(General Definitions). 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Final Terms or, if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
if "Omission" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, then such date will be deemed not to 
be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement Level provided 
that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Dates would occur, then the 
Averaging Date will not be omitted and the provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" 
will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging 
Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, then the provisions of the 
definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price 
or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Disrupted Day irrespective 
of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day 
that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(iii) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms then:  
(A) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, the Averaging 
Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined in (C) below). If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), 
and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of Valuation 
Date below; 
(B) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, and unless 
specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1)  
if Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or Scheduled Trading Day 
(Cross Asset Basis) applies the Averaging Date for each Index shall be the 
first succeeding Valid Date in relation to every Index forming part of the 
Basket of Indices. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to every Index 
forming part of the Basket of Indices has not occurred for a number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the

--- Page 158 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
158 
 
 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect 
of every Index forming part of the Basket of Indices, and (B) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging 
Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of Valuation Date 
below; and  
(2)  
if Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) applies the Averaging Date for 
each Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
originally scheduled Averaging Date, and the Averaging Date for each Index 
affected  by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Item") 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date relating to the Affected Item unless a 
Valid Date in respect of the Affected Item has not occurred for a number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the relevant Averaging Date relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day 
is already an Averaging Date with respect to the Affected Item, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of 
Valuation Date below;  
(C) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "Valid Date" means a Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does 
not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Basket of Indices" means a basket composed of each Index specified in the Final Terms subject to the 
Weightings. 
"Change of Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation 
Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of 
any relevant hedge positions relating to an Index and/or (B) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations in relation to the Index Linked Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase 
in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates). 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the 
relevant components.  
"Clearance System Business Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event results in the Clearance System being unable to clear the transfer 
of a relevant component would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Component" means, in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index, each component of such Index.  
"Coupon Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means any day which is: 
(i) 
 
(A) 
in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (x) the 
Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; (y) the Related Exchange fails to 
open for trading during its regular trading session; or (z) a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred; or 
(B) 
in the case of any Single-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (x) 
the relevant Exchange and/or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
their regular trading session or (y) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or

--- Page 159 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
159 
 
 
(C) 
in the case of any Index that is not a Multi-Exchange Index or a Single-Exchange 
Index, (x) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; (y) the Price Source 
and/or the Related Pricing Source is not available; or (z) a Hedging Disruption has 
occurred; or 
(ii) 
Where either Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) or Index Business Day (Cross Asset 
Basis), as applicable and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis) are specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms for (i) Index Linked Notes, (ii) Equity Linked Notes and/or (iii) ETF Linked 
Notes, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as defined in these Index Linked Conditions, the 
Equity Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Early Closure" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the 
Exchange in respect of any Component or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; and 
(ii) 
in the case of any Single-Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any 
relevant Exchange(s) relating to components that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of 
such Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior 
to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for 
orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, in respect of each Component, the principal stock 
exchange on which such Component is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(ii) 
in the case of any Single-Exchange Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for such Index in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the components comprising such 
Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to the components comprising such Index on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means in the case of a Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange either (i) in the 
case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of Indices or 
other assets, (a) Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) or 
(c) Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the Final Terms, provided that if no 
such specification is made in the Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in respect of all 
Single-Exchange Indices, each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and (ii) in respect of all Multi-Exchange Indices, (a) the relevant Index Sponsor(s) publishes the 
level of such Multi-Exchange Indices and (b) each Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading 
session, notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which (i) in respect of all Single-Exchange Indices, each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open 
for trading during their regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) in respect of all Multi-Exchange Indices, (a) the relevant Index 
Sponsor(s) publishes the level of such Multi-Exchange Indices and (b) each Related Exchange is open for trading 
during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and which, in each case, is also an Exchange Business Day under and as defined in the Equity 
Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions, as applicable.

--- Page 160 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
160 
 
 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)" means in respect of any Index: 
(i) 
in respect of a Single-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant 
Exchange and Related Exchange is open for trading during its respective regular trading 
session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their 
Scheduled Closing Time; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index 
Sponsor publishes the level of such Multi-Exchange Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is 
open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in respect of a 
Single-Exchange Index, the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for trading during their regular trading 
session, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
and (ii) in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index (a) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Multi-Exchange 
Index and (b) the Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, (A) any Component on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component; or (B) in futures or options contracts relating to such Index on the 
Related Exchange; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Single-Exchange Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
(A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for on any relevant Exchange(s) 
components that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, or (B) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant 
Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or component(s) it deems necessary to hedge the component(s) price risk or other relevant 
price risks including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or component(s). 
"Hedging Components" means the number or amount of components comprised in an Index that the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates deems necessary to hedge the component(s) price risk or other relevant price risks of entering 
into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) (a) to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or component(s) it deems necessary to hedge the component(s) price risk or other relevant 
price risks (including, without limitation, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) to realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or component(s) relating to any hedge positions in the relevant 
Index, provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Component Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to 
borrow any component(s) comprised in an Index that is greater than the Initial Component Loan Rate as 
applicable. 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked Conditions, the index 
or indices specified in the Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. If any Index is not 
a Single Exchange or Multi-Exchange Index as determined by the Calculation Agent it will be specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 161 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
161 
 
 
"Index Business Day" means in the case of an Index other than a Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange 
either (i) in the case of a single Index, Index Business Day (Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of 
Indices or other assets, (a) Index Business Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) Index Business Day (Per Index Basis) or 
(c) Index Business Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the Final Terms, provided that if no such 
specification is made in the Final Terms, Index Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
 
"Index Business Day (All Indices Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which in respect of all Indices 
other than Single-Exchange Indices or Multi-Exchange Indices, (i) the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level 
of such Index (ii) each Pricing Source and Related Pricing Source (if any) are available, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and (iii) that is an Index Trading Day in respect of the relevant Index. 
 
"Index Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of component and/or assets, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which, in respect of all Indices other than Single Exchange Indices or Multi-Exchange 
Indices, (i) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the relevant Index (ii) each Pricing Source and Related Pricing 
Source are available, as determined by the Calculation Agent and (iii) that is an Index Trading Day in respect of 
the relevant Index which, in each case, is also an Exchange Business Day under and as defined in the Equity 
Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
 
"Index Business Day (Per Index Basis)" means in respect of any Index other than a Single-Exchange Index or 
Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the 
relevant Index (ii) each Pricing Source and Related Pricing Source are available, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and (iii) that is an Index Trading Day in respect of the relevant Index. 
 
"Index Business Day (Single Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which in respect of all Indices 
other than Single Exchange Indices or Multi-Exchange Indices, (i) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the 
relevant Index (ii) each Pricing Source and Related Pricing Source are available, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and (iii) that is an Index Trading Day in respect of the relevant Index. 
"Index Correction Period" (a) the period specified in the Final Terms, or (b) if none is so specified, (i) in respect 
of a Multi-Exchange Index, no later than five Exchange  Business Days following the date of the original 
publication or (ii) in respect of an Index which is a Single-Exchange Index, one Settlement Cycle or (iii) in respect 
of an Index which is not a Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, no later than five Index Business 
Days following the date of the original publication. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such 
Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during each 
Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified for such Index in the Final 
Terms. 
"Index Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index that is not a Single-Exchange or Multi-Exchange Index, any 
day with respect to which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates determines acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner it is able to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s), asset(s) or component(s) it deems necessary to hedge its obligations in respect of 
such Index under the Notes. 
"Initial Component Loan Rate" means in respect of a component comprised in an Index, the Initial Component 
Loan Rate specified in relation to such component in the Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the level, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Final Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Knock-in Determination 
Day shall be delayed in accordance with the corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which 
shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Knock-in Determination 
Day. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than;

--- Page 162 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
162 
 
 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day 
or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Index Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as 
such in the Final Terms or in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-
in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Barrier" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked Conditions.  
"Knock-out Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms or., if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Knock-Out Determination 
Day shall be delayed in accordance with the corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which 
shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Knock-Out 
Determination Day 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms, 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Index Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified 
as such in the Final Terms or in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the 
Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1.

--- Page 163 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
163 
 
 
"Loss of Component Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any component(s) comprised in an Index in an amount 
equal to the Hedging Components at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Component Loan Rate. 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index either: 
(i) 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
Exchange on which such Component is principally traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the 
Exchange on which such Component is principally traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component; and 
(b) 
the aggregate of all Components in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an 
Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per 
cent. or more of the level of such Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index, of: (1) a Trading Disruption; (2) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case 
the Calculation Agent determines is material at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the Valuation Time; or (3) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such 
futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Component at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component at 
that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component to the level of such Index 
shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that 
Component to (y) the overall level of such Index, in each case using the official opening 
weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market opening data; and 
(b) 
in the case of Single-Exchange Indices, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, 
(ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, 
at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early 
Closure; 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index exists at 
any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a component included in such Index at any 
time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that component to the level of such Index shall be 
based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of such Index attributable to that component and 
(y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market 
Disruption Event. 
"Maximum Component Loan Rate" means, in respect of a component comprised in an Index, the Maximum 
Component Loan Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means any Index in respect of which the components are principally traded on more 
than one Exchange, as specified in the Final Terms or, if not specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines 
as such. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Final Terms, or if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding 
provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
Valuation Date were to Observation Date. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Final Terms.

--- Page 164 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
164 
 
 
"Pricing Source" means in relation to an Index other than a Single-Exchange Index or Multi-Exchange Index 
each pricing source specified as such for such Index in the Final Terms, any successor to such pricing course or 
any substitute pricing source, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Related Exchange" means in relation to a Single-Exchange Index or Multi-Exchange Index, each exchange or 
quotation system on which option contracts or futures contracts relating to such Index are traded, or each exchange 
or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where All Exchanges is 
specified as the Related Exchange in the Final Terms in relation to a Single-Exchange Index or Multi-Exchange 
Index, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index. 
"Related Pricing Source" means in relation to an Index other than a Single-Exchange Index or Multi-Exchange 
Index, each pricing source specified as such for such Index in the Final Terms, any successor to such pricing 
source or any substitute pricing source, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent; provided that where 
All Pricing Sources is specified as the Related Pricing Source in the Final Terms, "Related Pricing Source" shall 
mean each pricing source determined to be a Related Pricing Source by the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
"Relevant Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to Averaging Date, Observation Date, Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day as 
the case may be (i) in the case of a Single-Exchange Index or Multi-Exchange Index,  the official closing level of 
the Index as calculated and published by the relevant Index Sponsor, or, (ii) in relation to an Index that is neither 
a Single-Exchange Index nor a Multi-Exchange Index, the closing level of the Index as calculated and published 
by the relevant Index Sponsor, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent or (iii), if so specified in the 
Final Terms, the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the Final Terms at the 
Valuation Time on (x) if Averaging is not specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Level Date, or (y) 
if Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, each Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours subject as provided 
in Valuation Time below.  
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index 
Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) Scheduled 
Trading Day (Per Index Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the 
Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices 
Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)" means (i) in respect of all Single-Exchange Indices, any day on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective 
regular trading session(s) and (ii) in respect of all Multi-Exchange Indices, any day on which (a) the relevant 
Index Sponsor(s) is scheduled to publish the level of such Multi-Exchange Indices and (b) each Related Exchange 
is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session and (iii) in respect of each Index that is not a 
Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which (x) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of the relevant Indices  (y) each Pricing Source and related Pricing Source are scheduled to be 
available, as determined by the Calculation Agent and (z) that the Calculation Agent determines is scheduled to 
be an Index Trading Day in respect of the relevant Index. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day on which (i) in 
respect of all Single-Exchange Indices, each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for 
trading during their regular trading sessions (ii) in respect of all Multi-Exchange Indices, (a) the relevant Index 
Sponsor(s) is scheduled to publish the level of such Multi-Exchange Indices and (b) each Related Exchange is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session and (iii) in respect of each Index that is not a 
Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which (x) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of the relevant Index (y) each Pricing Source and related Pricing Source are scheduled to be 
available, as determined by the Calculation Agent and (z) that the Calculation Agent determines is scheduled to 
be an Index Trading Day in respect of the relevant Index which, in each case, is also a Scheduled Trading Day 
under and as defined in the Equity Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions, as applicable

--- Page 165 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
165 
 
 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Single-Exchange Index, any day on which the relevant Exchange and Related 
Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session(s);  
(ii) 
in respect of any Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled 
to publish the level of such Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for 
trading for its regular trading session; and  
(iii) 
in respect of each Index that is not a Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, any 
day on which (x) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the relevant Index and 
(y) each Pricing Source and related Pricing Source are scheduled to be available, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent and (z) that the Calculation Agent determines is scheduled to be an 
Index Trading Day in respect of the relevant Index. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" means any day on which (i) in respect of a Single-Exchange 
Index the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session(s) and (ii) in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index (a) the relevant Index 
Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Multi-Exchange Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if 
any, is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session and (iii) in respect of each Index that is 
not a Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which (x) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of the relevant Index (y) each Pricing Source and related Pricing Source are scheduled to be 
available, as determined by the Calculation Agent and (z) that the Calculation Agent determines is scheduled to 
be an Index Trading Day in respect of the relevant Index. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the Final Terms, or any successor page or service thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Single-Exchange Index, the period of Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in the component(s) comprising such Index on the Exchange in which settlement will 
customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Level" means, and subject as referred to in Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Averaging 
Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the 
case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, (i) if Averaging is not specified in 
the Final Terms, the Relevant Level for the relevant Settlement Level Date, or (ii) if Averaging 
is specified in the Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Levels of the Index on each 
Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in a commercially 
reasonable manner; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, (i) if Averaging is not specified 
in the Final Terms, the Relevant Level for the relevant Settlement Level Date, or (ii) if 
Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Levels of the 
Basket of Indices on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Level Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day 
or Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Single-Exchange Index" means any Index in respect of which the components are principally traded on one 
Exchange, as specified in the Final Terms or, if not specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means five (5) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Final Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below, provided that:  
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, if the Strike Date for any Index forming part of 
the Basket of Indices is specified to be the Trade Date (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to any adjustments 
relating to the Strike Date that are set out in the Final Terms) then: 
(i) if the Strike Date for any Index forming part of the Basket of Indices is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the Strike 
Date for such Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; unless (ii) in the opinion of the

--- Page 166 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
166 
 
 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date for such 
Index, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Index 
forming part of the Basket of Indices unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to 
the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of such Index.  
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the 
relevant Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to such Index, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Level using the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange or Pricing Source 
traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each 
component comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the 
relevant component as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise 
in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Final Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Single-Exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by 
the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise 
(a) relating to component(s) that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Index on 
any relevant Exchange(s) or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Index on any 
relevant Related Exchange; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by 
the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: 
(i) relating to any Component on the Exchange in respect of such Component; or (ii) in futures 
or options contracts relating to the Index on the Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Coupon Valuation Date, Strike Date and/or the Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. 
If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Settlement Level by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time 
on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange or Pricing Source, as applicable, traded or quoted level as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each component comprised in the 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
component on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant component as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, and unless specified otherwise 
in the applicable Final Terms:  
(A) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset 
Basis) applies, the Valuation Date for each Index, shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Index forming 
part of the Basket of Indices unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately

--- Page 167 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
167 
 
 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Index 
forming part of the Basket of Indices. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for each Index 
forming part of the Basket of Indices, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day with respect to one or more Indices (each an "Affected Item") and (ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine (a) the Settlement Level of each Affected Item 
of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Affected Item last in 
effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange or Pricing 
Source, as applicable, traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each component comprised in that Affected 
Item (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant component on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant component as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with 
the above provisions and (b) the Settlement Level of each Index that is not an 
Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day as specified in the Final Terms and otherwise in accordance with the 
above provisions.  
(B) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) applies the Valuation Date for each Index 
not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation 
Date, and the Valuation Date for each Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day (each an "Affected Item") shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number 
of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to the Affected 
Item, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Level of the 
Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the level 
of the Affected Item last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange or Pricing Source, as applicable, traded or quoted level as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each 
component comprised in the Affected Item (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted 
Day has occurred in respect of the relevant component on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
component as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day) and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions.  
"Valuation Time" means: 
(i) 
the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time, the Coupon Valuation Time, the Knock-in 
Valuation Time, the Knock-Out Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, 
specified in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if not specified in the Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, means in respect of such Index: (A) for the 
purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (x) in 
respect of any Component, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of 
such Component, and (y) in respect of any options contracts or futures contracts on the 
Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (B) in all other circumstances, 
the time at which the official closing level of the Index is calculated and published by 
the Index Sponsor; or 
(B) 
in the case of a Single-Exchange Index, means the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
Exchange on the relevant date. If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time and the specified Coupon Valuation Time or Valuation Time, as the case may 
be, is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Coupon

--- Page 168 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
168 
 
 
Valuation Time or Valuation Time, as the case may be, shall be such actual closing 
time; or 
(C) 
in the case of any Index other than a Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange Index 
the time at which the closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index 
Sponsor. 
"Weighting" means the weighting (if any) to be applied to each item comprising the Basket of Indices if, and as 
specified in the Final Terms or if no such weighting is so specified then no weighting shall apply to any such item. 
8. 
Index Disclaimer 
The Index Linked Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any Index or any Index 
Sponsor and no Index Sponsor makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either 
as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index stands at 
any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No Index or Index Sponsor shall be liable 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index and the Index Sponsor is 
under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. No Index Sponsor is making any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming 
any risk in connection with the Index Linked Notes. The Issuer shall have no liability to the Noteholders 
for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or 
maintenance of the Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date, neither the Issuer nor its Affiliates 
has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, 
composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information 
concerning the Indices from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify 
this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made 
and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, 
completeness and timeliness of information concerning the Index.

--- Page 169 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
169 
 
 
ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Equity Linked Notes shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Equity Linked Notes set out below 
(the "Equity Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Equity Linked Conditions, the Equity Linked Conditions 
shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Equity Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, 
the Payout Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an 
Averaging Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date 
or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2. 
Depositary Receipts 
(a) 
Application of Depositary Receipt provisions 
If "Depositary Receipt provisions" are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, for the 
purposes of these Equity Linked Conditions in relation to each relevant Depositary Receipt: 
(i) 
references to "Share" or "Shares" shall be deemed to include an ordinary share or 
ordinary shares or other relevant equity securities, as the case may be, of the Share 
Company or Basket Company to which the relevant Depositary Receipts specified in 
the Final Terms relate; 
(ii) 
references to "Exchange" shall, in the context of the ordinary shares or other relevant 
equity securities of the Share Company or Basket Company, be deemed to be 
references to the Share Exchange specified in the Final Terms; 
(iii) 
references to "Share Company" or "Basket Company" shall, in the context of a 
Depositary Receipt, be deemed to include references to the issuer or obligor of the 
Depositary Receipts; 
(iv) 
with respect to Depositary Receipts only, the following additional event shall 
constitute a Potential Adjustment Event for the purposes of Equity Linked Condition 
3; 
"a distribution in respect of the Shares of property other than cash, shares or rights 
relating to any Shares to the holder(s) of the Shares"; and 
(v) 
with respect to Depositary Receipts only, the following events shall constitute 
Additional Disruption Events for the purposes of Equity Linked Condition 5: 
(A) 
a Termination; and 
(B) 
an Adjustment Event. 
(b) 
Definitions specific to Depositary Receipts 
"Adjustment Event" means (a) the terms and conditions of the Depositary Receipts have been 
altered or any adjustment or modification has been made pursuant to such terms and conditions 
(in each case whether by the Share Company or Basket Company or any party having influence 
over such terms and conditions) or the Depositary Receipts are converted into other securities 
and/or (b) the aggregate amounts (or currency thereof) to which a holder is entitled under the 
Depositary Receipts are altered. 
"Depositary Receipt" means a depositary receipt relating to ordinary shares or other relevant 
equity securities issued by a Share Company or Basket Company, as specified in the Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions specified in Equity Linked Conditions 
3 and 4.

--- Page 170 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
170 
 
 
"Termination" means, in relation to an issue of Depositary Receipts, such issue has been 
terminated, cancelled or otherwise ceased to be outstanding for any reason. This shall include, 
without limitation, the termination of the deposit agreement in respect of the Shares and/or 
written instructions being given by the Share Company or Basket Company to the depositary of 
the Shares to withdraw or surrender the Shares. 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(i) 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such 
Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of 
(a) such Shares or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to 
payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, equally or proportionately 
with such payments to holders of such Shares or (c) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the 
Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as a result of a spin-
off or other similar transaction or (d) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect 
of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share Company or 
its subsidiaries, as the case may be, of relevant Shares whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities 
or otherwise; 
(F) 
in respect of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, an 
event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of 
such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred 
stock, certificates, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their 
market value as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(G) 
any adjustment effected as a result of any shareholder rights plan or 
arrangement as described in 3(a)(i)(D) above; or 
(H) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
(ii) 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment 
Event, the date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion. 
(iii) 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, of 
the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the 
Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the 
General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms as the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting or

--- Page 171 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
171 
 
 
concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes 
in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and 
(ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by an options exchange ("Exchange Based Adjustment") to options 
on the Shares traded on that options exchange. 
(iv) 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall, 
other than where Exchange Based Adjustment applies notify the Issuer as soon as practicable 
and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13, stating the occurrence of the Potential Adjustment Event, giving details 
thereof and the adjustment to be taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give or 
non-receipt of such notice will not affect the validity of such Potential Adjustment Event or 
Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date or the adjustment in relation thereto. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events 
The occurrence of any of De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Tender Offer 
(unless Tender Offer is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms), or, if specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, Illiquidity, Listing Change or Listing Suspension, as the case may 
be, shall be deemed to be an "Extraordinary Event", the consequences of which are set forth 
below: 
"De-Listing" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the Exchange announces pursuant 
to the rules of such Exchange, that such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) 
and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where the Exchange is located 
in the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or 
the NASDAQ National Market System (or their respective successors) or (ii) a comparable 
exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the 
Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
"Illiquidity" means, in respect of Equity Linked Notes that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, during any period of five consecutive Scheduled Trading Days falling after 
the Issue Date (the "Relevant Period"), (a) the difference between the bid prices and the ask 
prices in respect of any relevant Share during the Relevant Period is greater than 1 per cent. (on 
average), and/or (b) the average purchase price or the average selling price, (each of (a) and (b) 
determined by the Calculation Agent from the order book of the relevant Share on the relevant 
Exchange during the Relevant Period), in relation to the purchase or sale of Shares with a value 
equal to or greater than EUR 10,000.00 (or its equivalent in any other currency as determined 
by the Calculation Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate), is greater than MID plus 1 per cent. of MID (in relation to a purchase of Shares) 
or lower than the MID minus 1 per cent. of MID (in relation to a sale of Shares). For these 
purposes, "MID" means an amount equal to (a) the sum of the bid price and the ask price, in 
each case for the relevant Share at the relevant time, (b) divided by two. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, (i) all the Shares of that Basket Company or 
Share Company, as the case may be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or 
other similar official or (ii) holders of the Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, 
as the case may be, become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Listing Change" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that such Shares cease (or will 
cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the listing compartment or the relevant market 
of the Exchange on which such Shares were listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Issue Date, 
for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer or where this is a De-Listing). 
"Listing Suspension" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the listing of such Shares 
on the Exchange has been suspended (other than where this is a De-Listing). 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of 
such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such 
Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, with or

--- Page 172 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
172 
 
 
into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange in which such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares 
outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, that results in a transfer 
of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or the Share Company or its 
subsidiaries, as the case may be, with or into another entity in which the Basket Company or 
Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares 
(other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following 
such event, in each case if the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is on or before (a) in 
the case of Cash Settled Notes, the latest of the last occurring Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, Observation 
Date or Valuation Date or, where Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, the final Averaging 
Date or (b) in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the relevant Maturity Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise 
transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 30 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. (the "Percentage Range") of the outstanding voting shares of the 
Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such 
other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(c) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event: 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share or a Basket of Shares, the Issuer in its 
sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in (i) to (iii) below in respect of a 
Note relating to a Share or a Basket of Shares, and the actions described in (iv) or (v) below in 
respect of a Note relating to a Basket of Shares only: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement 
(in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of 
the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Final 
Terms to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event, and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to account 
for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares 
or to the Notes. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment 
by reference to the adjustment in respect of the relevant Extraordinary Event made by any 
options exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options exchange. In addition, in 
relation to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation Agent may adjust the Basket of Shares in 
accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (v) below; 
(ii) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on such 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the "Options 
Exchange"), require the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or 
more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, 
these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms, which adjustment will be effective as 
of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding 
adjustment made by the Options Exchange. If options on the Shares are not traded on the 
Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions,

--- Page 173 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
173 
 
 
these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) 
set by the Options Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event, that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options 
Exchange if such options were so traded; or 
(iii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment has been proposed by the Options 
Exchange and that no other action will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer, in 
its sole and absolute discretion may, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13,  
(A) 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of 
an amount equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account the relevant 
Extraordinary Event (the "Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount"), less the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the "Modified Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount"), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event (the 
"Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date"), or 
(B) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the Calculated Extraordinary Event 
Amount on the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date, and 
redeem each Note on the scheduled Maturity Date by payment of the Calculated 
Extraordinary Event Amount. For avoidance of any doubt, the Calculated 
Extraordinary Event Amount shall not accrue any interest from the date of its 
calculation to the Maturity Date.  
In relation to paragraphs (A) and (B) above, notwithstanding General Condition 4(g), each Note 
shall cease to bear interest from and including the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount 
Determination Date and no interest amounts scheduled for payment thereafter (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, including any Specified Interest Amounts) shall be payable. 
(iv) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, redeem the Notes in part by 
giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If the Notes are so 
redeemed in part, the portion (the "Redeemed Amount") of each Note representing the affected 
Share(s) shall be redeemed and the Issuer will: 
(A) 
pay to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him an amount equal to the fair 
market value of the Redeemed Amount, taking into account the relevant Extraordinary 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion; and 
(B) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these 
Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms to account for such redemption in 
part. For the avoidance of doubt the remaining part of each Note after such cancellation 
and adjustment shall remain outstanding with full force and effect. Payments will be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13; 
(v) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, on or after the relevant 
Extraordinary Event Effective Date, require the Calculation Agent to adjust the Basket of Shares 
to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share selection set out below 
(each, a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each, an "Affected Share") of each Basket 
Company (each, an "Affected Basket Company") which is affected by such Extraordinary 
Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be a "Share", and the issuer of such shares a 
"Basket Company", for the purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each 
case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other 
terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, provided that in

--- Page 174 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
174 
 
 
the event that any amount payable under the Notes was to be determined by reference to an 
initial price (the "Initial Price") of the Affected Share, the relevant Initial Price of each 
Substitute Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Initial Price=A × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the fair market value of the relevant Affected Share on the Substitution Date 
(which may, where available, be determined by reference to the official closing price 
of the Affected Share on the relevant Exchange and/or such other source(s) as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate). 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed 
to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution 
Date") in its sole and absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below 
which may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the 
Weighting of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy the 
following criteria, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(A) 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer 
and the relevant share is not already included in the Basket of Shares, the 
relevant share shall be an ordinary share of the entity or person (other than 
the Affected Basket Company) involved in the Merger Event or the making 
of the Tender Offer, that is, or that as of the relevant Extraordinary Event 
Effective Date (i) is promptly scheduled to be, publicly quoted, traded or 
listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the European 
Union, in any member state of the European Union) and (ii) is not subject to 
any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading 
limitations; or 
(B) 
where (A) above does not apply, including in the case of an Extraordinary 
Event other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer: 
(1) 
the issuer of the share shall, to the extent possible, belong to the same 
economic sector as the Affected Basket Company and shall not 
already be included in the Basket of Shares; and 
(2) 
the issuer of the share shall, to the extent possible, have a comparable 
market capitalisation, international standing and exposure as the 
Affected Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, if the Issuer determines that an adjustment in 
accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the occurrence of the 
Extraordinary Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto, including, in the case of a Share substitution, the identity of the Substitute Shares and 
the Substitution Date, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not 
affect the validity of any such Extraordinary Event or the proposed action. 
4. 
Correction of Share Price 
If the relevant price of the relevant Share published on a given day and used or to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published by the relevant Exchange within the number of days equal to the Share Correction 
Period of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant Share as so

--- Page 175 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
175 
 
 
corrected, except that any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to a due date for payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the price of a Share will be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
5. 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take 
the action described in (i), (ii), (iii) or, in the case of Notes linked to a Basket of Shares only, 
(iv) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement 
(in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the 
other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms 
to account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If 
the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each 
Note held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note taking into account the 
Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Additional Disruption Amount"), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13; or 
(iii) 
require the Calculation Agent to calculate the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount as soon 
as practicable following the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event (the "Calculated 
Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem 
each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated 
Additional Disruption Amount plus interest accrued on the Calculated Additional Disruption 
Amount on a daily basis from and including the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount 
Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, each such daily accrual being at a rate 
equal to Issuer's funding cost on or about the relevant day or (y) if greater its nominal amount; 
or 
(iv) 
in the case of Notes linked to a Basket of Shares, require Calculation Agent to adjust the Basket 
of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share selection set 
out below (each a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each an "Affected Share") which is 
affected by the Additional Disruption Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be a 
"Share" and the issuer of such shares a "Basket Company" for the purposes of the Notes, and 
the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked 
Conditions and/or the Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was 
to be determined by reference to an initial price (the "Initial Price") of the Affected Share, the 
Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Initial Price=A × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the fair market value of the relevant Affected Share on the Substitution Date 
(which may, where available, be determined by reference to the official closing price 
of the Affected Share on the relevant Exchange and/or such other source(s) as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate). 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed 
to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution

--- Page 176 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
176 
 
 
Date") in its sole and absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below 
which may, but need not, be the relevant date of the Additional Disruption Event. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the 
Weighting of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share which, 
in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
is not already included in the Basket of Shares; 
(ii) 
the Issuer of such share belongs to the same economic sector as the Basket 
Company in respect of the Affected Share; and 
(iii) 
the Issuer of such share has a comparable market capitalisation, international 
standing and exposure as the Basket Company in respect of the Affected 
Share. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer 
as soon as practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders 
in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption 
Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, provided 
that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of the 
Additional Disruption Event or the proposed action. 
6. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
This Equity Linked Condition 6 is applicable only if: 
(a) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment under 
the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(b) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment under 
the relevant Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
7. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable, if on any or 
all Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Final Terms, an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs, the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable and the Issuer shall redeem each 
Note of a nominal amount equal to the Calculation Amount at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount. 
8. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms) Change of Law, (ii) 
Failure to Deliver (in the case of Notes to be redeemed by delivery), or (iii) any of Hedging Disruption, Increased 
Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss Event, and/or Loss of Stock 
Borrow, if specified in the Final Terms. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" an amount, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, being the Automatic Early Redemption Amount set out in the Final Terms.

--- Page 177 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
177 
 
 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such date is 
not a Business Day, the next following Business Day and no Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or further 
payment in respect of any such delay.  
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger,  
(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the Automatic Early Redemption Range, as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified 
as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in 
the Final Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding 
provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1.  
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Final Terms or, if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, then such date will be deemed not to 
be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement Price provided 
that if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Dates would occur, then the 
provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of determining the 
relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a 
Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, then the provisions of the 
definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price 
or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a 
Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging 
Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(iii) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms then: 
(A) 
where the Notes are Equity Linked Notes relating to a single share, the Averaging 
Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined in (iii) below). If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), 
and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of Valuation 
Date below;

--- Page 178 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
178 
 
 
(B) 
where the Notes are Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, and unless 
specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(1) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) or Scheduled Trading 
Day (Cross Asset Basis) applies the Averaging Date for each Share 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to every Share 
forming part of the Basket of Shares. If the first succeeding Valid 
Date in relation to every Share forming part of the Basket of Shares 
has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence 
of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the 
relevant Averaging Date, then (A) such Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an 
Averaging Date) in respect of every Share, and (B) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) of the 
definition of Valuation Date below;  
(2) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) applies the Averaging 
Date for each Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the originally scheduled Averaging Date, and the 
Averaging Date for each Share affected  by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Item") shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date relating to the Affected Item unless a Valid 
Date in respect of the Affected Item has not occurred for a number 
of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original 
date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date 
relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is already an Averaging Date with respect to the Affected 
Item, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of Valuation Date below; and 
(C) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Valid Date" means a Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does 
not occur. 
"Basket Company" means each company specified as such in the Final Terms; and 
"Basket Companies" means all such companies. 
"Basket of Shares" means (i) a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the Final Terms 
in the Weightings or numbers of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the Final Terms.  
"Change of Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any 
relevant Share and/or (B) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the 
Equity Linked Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the 
relevant Share. 
"Clearance System Business Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to clear the 
transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions.

--- Page 179 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
179 
 
 
"Coupon Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(i) 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session; 
(ii) 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(iii) 
where Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset 
Basis) are specified as applicable in the Final Terms for (i) Equity Linked Notes, (ii) Index 
Linked Notes and/or (iii) ETF Linked Notes, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as defined in 
these Equity Linked Condition and/or the Index Linked Conditions and/or ETF Linked 
Conditions. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of relevant Exchange(s) or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
"Valuation Time" on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Share in 
the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day (Single Share 
Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of Shares or other assets, (a) Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) or 
(b) Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) or (c) Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as 
specified in the Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Final Terms, Exchange Business 
Day (All Shares Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading in respect of all Shares comprised 
in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of all Shares comprised in the basket of assets 
are open for trading during its regular trading session (notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time) which is also an Exchange Business Day under and as defined in the 
Index Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share is open for trading during its respective 
regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange and 
the Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any 
such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, the Shares on the relevant Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures 
or options contracts relating to the relevant Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Event, the date on which such 
Extraordinary Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for such Shares. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or

--- Page 180 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
180 
 
 
asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk including but not limited 
to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) freely 
realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of Shares that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates deems necessary to hedge 
the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price 
risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer, issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to borrow any 
Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in relation to such 
Share in the Final Terms. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has instituted against it by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents 
to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that 
proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share Company or Basket 
Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Final Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Knock-in Determination 
Day shall be delayed in accordance with the corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which 
shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Knock-in Determination 
Day. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day 
or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms, 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions.

--- Page 181 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
181 
 
 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as 
such in the Final Terms or in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-
in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Final Terms subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Knock-Out Determination 
Day shall be delayed in accordance with the corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which 
shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Knock-Out 
Determination Day. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms, 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-out Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified 
as such in the Final Terms or in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the 
Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Share in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal 
to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Equity Linked Notes relating to a single Share or a Basket of 
Shares, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, 
which in either case the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Final Terms, or if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding 
provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
Valuation Date were to Observation Date. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Final Terms.

--- Page 182 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
182 
 
 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system on which option contracts 
or futures contracts relating to such Share are traded, or each exchange or quotation system specified as such for 
such Share in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Share has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or 
options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the 
Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to 
such Share. 
"Relevant Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation 
Date, as the case may be, in the case of a Share, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in 
the Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Final 
Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant 
Averaging Date. If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified 
in the Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic 
mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Final Terms) and the 
closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Final Terms) for the Share based, at the 
Calculation Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations 
provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading 
of the Share or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours subject as provided 
in Valuation Time below. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share 
Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) or (b) Scheduled 
Trading Day (Per Share Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the 
Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares 
Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading in respect of all Shares comprised in 
the Basket of Shares for their respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of all Shares comprised in the basket of assets is 
scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session which is also a Scheduled Trading Day for the 
purpose of the Index Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)" means in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Share, any original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the Final Terms, or any successor page or service thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days following a trade 
in the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange.

--- Page 183 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
183 
 
 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation 
Date, as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a single Share, (A) if Averaging is not specified 
in the Final Terms, the Relevant Price for the relevant Settlement Price Date, or (B) if Averaging 
is specified in the Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices of the Share on each 
Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in a commercially 
reasonable manner; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, (A) if Averaging is not 
specified in the Final Terms, the Relevant Price for the relevant Settlement Price Date, or (ii) if 
Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices for each 
Share in the Basket of Shares on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Price Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day, 
Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Shares" and "Share" mean in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, each share and, in the 
case of an issue of Notes relating to a single Share, the share specified in the Final Terms and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Share Company" means, in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a single Share, the company that has issued 
such Share. 
"Share Correction Period" means (i) the period specified in the Final Terms, or (ii) if none is so specified, one 
Settlement Cycle. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Final Terms. 
"Stop-Loss Event" means, in respect of a Share, the price of any Share as quoted on the relevant Exchange for 
such Share at any time or the Scheduled Closing Time, as specified in the Final Terms, on any Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Share on or after the Trade Date or, if later the Strike Date, is 
less than 5 per cent., or such percentage specified in the Final Terms, of its Strike Price or, if no Strike Price is 
stipulated in the Final Terms, the price given as the benchmark price for such Share in the Final Terms, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Final Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below, provided that:  
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, if the Strike Date for any share forming part of 
the Basket of Shares is specified to be the Trade Date (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to any adjustments 
relating to the Strike Date that are set out in the Final Terms) then: 
(i) if the Strike Date for any Share forming part of the Basket of Shares is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the Strike 
Date for such Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; unless (ii) in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date for such 
Share, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Share 
forming part of the Basket of Shares unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to 
the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of such Share.  
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the 
relevant Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to such Share, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the price of that Share as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating such price last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each Share comprised in that Basket of Shares (or, 
if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Share on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the price for the relevant Share as of the Valuation Time on the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Final Terms.

--- Page 184 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
184 
 
 
"Trading Disruption" means, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Share or (b) in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Coupon Valuation Date, Strike Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a single Share, the Valuation Date shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number 
of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Settlement Price in the manner set out in the Final Terms or, if not set out or if 
not practicable, determine the Settlement Price in accordance with its good faith estimate of the 
Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on that the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, and unless specified otherwise 
in the applicable Final Terms:  
(A) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) or Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset 
Basis) applies, the Valuation Date for each Share shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Shares forming 
part of the Basket of Shares unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of  any Share 
forming part of the Basket of Shares. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for each Share 
forming part of the Basket of Shares, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day with respect to any Share (each an "Affected Item") and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the (a) Settlement Price of each Affected Item as 
of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day using, in 
relation to each Affected Item,  its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected 
Item and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions and (b) Settlement Price 
of each Share that is not an Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day as specified  in the Final Terms. 
(B) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) applies, the Valuation Date for each 
Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each  Share by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Item") shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of 
the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected 
Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to the 
Affected Item, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price of 
the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day using, in relation to the Affected Item its good faith estimate of the value 
for the Affected Item and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Valuation Time" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time, the Coupon Valuation Time, the 
Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-Out Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified 
in the Final Terms or, if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange 
on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, in relation to each Share to be valued 
provided that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation 
Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Automatic Early Redemption

--- Page 185 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
185 
 
 
Valuation Time, Coupon Valuation Time, Knock-in Valuation Time, Knock-Out Valuation Time or the Valuation 
Time, as the case may be, shall be such actual closing time. 
"Weighting" means the weighting to be applied to each item of the Basket of Shares as specified in the Final 
Terms or if no weighting is so specified then no weighting shall apply to any such item.

--- Page 186 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
186 
 
 
ANNEX 4 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to ETF Linked Notes shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for ETF Linked Notes linked to one or 
more ETFs set out below (the "ETF Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in 
each other Annex which is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the ETF Linked Conditions, the ETF Linked 
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the ETF Linked Conditions and the Payout 
Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Disrupted Day  
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an 
Averaging Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date 
or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2. 
Potential ETF Events and Extraordinary ETF Events 
(a) 
Potential ETF Events 
(i) 
"Potential ETF Events" means any of the following: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation, or reclassification of relevant ETF Shares or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such ETF Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant ETF Shares of (A) 
such ETF Shares or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment 
of dividends and/or proceeds of liquidation of the ETF equally or proportionately 
with such payments to holders of such ETF Shares; (C) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the ETF, as 
a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction; or (D) any of other type of securities, 
rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
a call by an ETF in respect of relevant ETF Shares that are not fully paid; and 
(E) 
a repurchase by the ETF or its subsidiaries of relevant ETF Shares whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities 
or otherwise; or 
(F) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETF Shares. 
(ii) 
"Potential ETF Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential ETF Event, the date on 
which such Potential ETF Event is announced by the relevant ETF, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(iii) 
Following the declaration by the ETF of the terms of any Potential ETF Event, the Calculation 
Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential ETF Event has 
a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETF Shares and, if so, will (i) 
make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of 
the other terms of the General Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms 
as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate to account 
for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account 
solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the 
relevant ETF Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation 
Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment

--- Page 187 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
187 
 
 
in respect of such Potential ETF Event made by an options exchange ("ETF Exchange Based 
Adjustment") to options on the ETF Shares traded on that options exchange. 
(iv) 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall, 
other than where ETF Exchange Based Adjustment applies, notify the Issuer as soon as 
practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13, stating the occurrence of the Potential ETF Event, giving 
details thereof and the adjustment to be taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to 
give or non-receipt of such notice will not affect the validity of such Potential ETF Event or 
Potential ETF Event Effective Date or the adjustment in relation thereto. 
(b) 
Extraordinary ETF Events 
"Extraordinary ETF Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the occurrence at 
any time on or after the Issue Date of any of the following events and any applicable Additional 
Extraordinary ETF Event: 
(i) 
the ETF or any ETF Service Provider (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of any ETF Service 
Provider, ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, custodian, prime 
brokerage or any other relevant business (as applicable), (ii) is dissolved or has a resolution 
passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (iii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iv) (1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of 
its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, 
and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in 
sub-clause (iv)(1) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the 
entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is 
not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the 
appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian 
or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (vi) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all 
its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not immediately 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii) causes or is subject to any event with respect 
to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the 
events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; 
(ii) 
the occurrence of any Merger Event or Tender Offer (unless Tender Offer is specified as not 
applicable in the Final Terms), where: 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant ETF Shares, any (i) reclassification or change 
of such ETF Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of 
such ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of an ETF with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such ETF is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such ETF 
Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding ETF Shares of the ETF that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all such ETF Shares (other than such ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
ETF or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the ETF is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding but 
results in the outstanding ETF Shares (other than ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding ETF Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the date of the

--- Page 188 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
188 
 
 
occurrence of the Extraordinary ETF Event is on or before (a) in the case of Cash Settled Notes, 
the latest of the last occurring Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date or, 
where Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, the final Averaging Date or (b) in the case of 
Physical Delivery Notes, the relevant Maturity Date; and 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 30 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. (the "Percentage Range") of the outstanding voting shares of the 
ETF, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of 
filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(iii) 
(a) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the ETF, or any ETF 
Service Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably 
determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (b) the commencement 
or threat of any investigative, judicial, administrative, regulatory or other civil or criminal 
proceedings against the ETF, any ETF Service Provider or any key personnel of such entities, 
if such allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings could (in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent) have an adverse impact on a Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in 
relation to hedging activities in respect of the Notes or could materially affect the value of the 
ETF Shares; 
(iv) 
any ETF Service Provider or other agent or entity fulfilling such role, howsoever described in 
the ETF Documents as at the Issue Date, ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the ETF 
and is not immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent; 
(v) 
(i) any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions or investment process (howsoever 
described) of the ETF are modified from that set out in the ETF Documents except where such 
change is of a formal, minor or technical nature or (ii) a material modification of the type of 
assets in which the ETF invests (including but not limited to a material deviation from the 
investment objectives, investment restrictions or investment process (howsoever described) set 
out in the ETF Documents); 
(vi) 
a material modification of the ETF (including but not limited to a modification of the ETF 
Documents) or a material modification of the method of calculating the net asset value per ETF 
Share (if any), or any change in the period or timing of the calculation or the publication of the 
net asset value per ETF Share (if any) or the occurrence of any event which in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent has or may have an adverse impact on the ETF or investors in the ETF 
(including, without limitation, the suspension of the net asset value per ETF Share (if any)), in 
each case other than a modification or event which does not affect the ETF Shares or the ETF 
or any portfolio of assets to which the ETF Share relate (either alone or in common with other 
ETF Shares issued by the ETF); 
(vii) 
any ETF Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, with 
any information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the investment 
portfolio of the ETF; 
(viii) 
(i) the occurrence of any event affecting a ETF Share that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to 
determine the value of the relevant ETF Share; (ii) any failure of the ETF, or its authorised 
representative, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (1) information that the ETF has agreed to 
deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Calculation Agent or Hedge Provider, or (2) information 
that has been previously delivered to any Hedge Provider or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, in accordance with the ETF's, or its authorised representative's, normal practice and 
that any Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to 
monitor such ETF's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies 
or any other similar policies relating to the relevant ETF Share; 
(ix) 
a reduction of the ETF's aggregate value or the reduction of the ETF's aggregate net asset value 
under an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to 
have, a significant effect on the management conditions of the ETF and/or its operating expenses

--- Page 189 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
189 
 
 
or would increase the proportion of ETF Shares held, or likely to be held, by the Issuer, 
Guarantor or Hedge Provider to such extent that the full redemption in one single order of the 
ETF Shares held by the Issuer, Guarantor or Hedge Provider is likely to be impaired; 
(x) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the ETF or the ETF Service Providers are or become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any 
present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, (ii) a 
relevant authorisation or licence is revoked or is under review by a competent authority in 
respect of the ETF or the ETF Service Providers, (iii) the ETF is required by a competent 
authority to redeem any ETF Shares and/or (iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any Hedge 
Provider is required by a competent authority, the ETF or any other relevant entity to dispose 
of or compulsorily redeem any ETF Shares held in connection with any hedging arrangements 
relating to the Notes; 
(xi) 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the ETF for any reason of a subscription or 
redemption order in respect of any ETF Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, any 
non-execution by the ETF pending completion of its fiscal audit), if such non-execution or 
partial execution could in the sole determination of any Hedge Provider have an adverse impact 
on any Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging activities in relation to 
the Notes, (ii) the ETF otherwise suspends or refuses transfers of any of its ETF Shares as 
described in the ETF Documents, (iii) if applicable, the ETF ceases to be an undertaking for 
collective investments under the relevant jurisdiction's legislation, (iv) the ETF otherwise 
suspends or refuses redemptions of any of its ETF Shares (including, without limitation, if the 
ETF applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar provisions permitting the ETF to 
delay or refuse redemption or transfer of ETF Shares) as described in the ETF Documents, (v) 
the ETF imposes in whole or in part any restriction (including, without limitation, any 
redemption in specie), charge or fee in respect of a redemption or subscription of its ETF Shares 
by the Issuer or any Hedge Provider or exercises its right to claw back the proceeds already paid 
on redeemed ETF Shares, if in any case it could in the sole determination of any Hedge Provider 
have an adverse impact on any Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging 
activities in relation to the Notes, (vi) a mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the ETF 
Shares is imposed by the ETF on any one or more holders of ETF Shares at any time for any 
reason or (vii) the Issuer, any Hedge Provider, or any Affiliate thereof, is required by the ETF 
or ETF Service Provider to redeem any ETF Shares for any reason; 
(xii) 
all the ETF Shares or all or substantially all the assets of an ETF are nationalised, expropriated 
or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof; 
(xiii) 
the currency or denomination of the ETF Share is amended from that set out in the ETF 
Documents as at the Trade Date; 
(xiv) 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the ETF ceases 
to act in such capacity, and the ETF or relevant ETF Service Provider fails to appoint a 
replacement having similar qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals ceasing 
to act; 
(xv) 
following the issue by a ETF of a new class or series (howsoever described in the ETF 
Documents) of shares, the Calculation Agent, determines that such new class or series of shares 
has or may have an adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in relation to 
the Notes; 
(xvi) 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations 
relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging 
arrangements entered into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Notes (a "Tax Event") and, 
subject as provided below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar 
month following the day the relevant Tax Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to 
mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by seeking to transfer such hedging 
arrangements to any of its Affiliates, provided that the Issuer or the Hedge Provider shall not 
under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or 
expense of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied 
on any date the Calculation Agent determines that there is no reasonable means of mitigating 
the Tax Event as provided above;

--- Page 190 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
190 
 
 
(xvii) 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Notes, as a result of any adoption of, 
or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after the 
Issue Date, or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, 
whether formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative 
or judicial body of any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such 
date or as a result of any other relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become 
unlawful or impractical for the Issuer or the Hedge Provider to hold (including, without 
limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider or the Issuer to adversely modify any 
reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would adversely affect the amount of 
regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any holding of ETF Shares or 
that would subject a holder of the ETF Shares or the Issuer to any loss), purchase or sell any 
ETF Shares of the ETF or for the Issuer or the Hedge Provider to maintain such hedging 
arrangements, (ii) the cost to the Issuer or the Hedge Provider of such hedging activities would 
be materially increased for any reason or (iii) the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be 
subject to a material loss and, subject as provided below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, 
for a period of one calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, 
used reasonable efforts to mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such 
hedging arrangements to any of its Affiliates, provided that the Issuer or the Hedge Provider 
shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining 
a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one calendar week set out above shall be deemed 
satisfied on any date the Calculation Agent determines that that there is no practicable means of 
mitigating the Relevant Event as provided above; 
(xviii) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, if the cost to the Issuer or the 
Hedge Provider in relation to the Notes and the related hedging activities would be materially 
increased or the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss relating to 
the Notes and the related hedging activities; 
(xix) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, the Hedge Provider is unable 
or it becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset or any futures or option 
contracts on the relevant Exchange it deems necessary to hedge the equity, commodity or other 
underlying ETF asset price risk or any other relevant price risk, including but not limited to the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes, or (b) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction, asset or futures or option contract or any relevant hedge positions relating to an ETF 
Share of the ETF; 
(xx) 
at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur an 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, 
capital and/or funding costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the 
Notes;  
(xxi) 
the Issuer becomes legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming its holding of ETF Shares; 
(xxii) 
the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the relevant ETF 
Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any 
reason and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where the Exchange is 
located in the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock 
Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their respective successors) or 
otherwise (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the 
European Union);  
(xxiii) 
(i) the occurrence of the reclassification of the ETF Shares; or 
(ii) (A) proposal for or (B) the occurrence of the acquisition of the ETF by, or the aggregation 
of the ETF into, another fund the mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks of which the 
Calculation Agent determines to be different from the mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks 
of the ETF as compared to the Trade Date of the ETF Linked Notes (or any proposal for the 
foregoing occurs); or 
(xxiv) 
(i) any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the ETF or the 
ETF Shares by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the ETF or the 
ETF Shares;

--- Page 191 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
191 
 
 
(ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the ETF, any ETF 
Service Provider or the ETF Shares that the Calculation Agent determines has or is reasonably 
likely to have an adverse impact on the investors in the ETF or the holders of the ETF Shares 
or on the value of the ETF Shares, or 
(iii) the ETF or any ETF Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or 
litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving any activities 
relating to or resulting from the operation of the ETF. 
(c) 
Consequences of an Extraordinary ETF Event 
If an Extraordinary ETF Event occurs, including any Additional Extraordinary ETF Event specified in 
the Final Terms the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take any of the actions (each an 
"Extraordinary ETF Event Action") described in subparagraphs (i) to (iii) inclusive below. 
(i) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer determines that the action taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETF Event is to be 
"Adjustment" then it may:  
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the 
appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (in the case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these ETF 
Linked Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the relevant the 
Extraordinary ETF Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The 
relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to account for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the 
ETF Shares or to the Notes. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the relevant 
Extraordinary ETF Event made by any options exchange to options on the ETF Shares 
traded on that options exchange; or 
(B) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the ETF Shares traded 
on such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall 
select (the "Options Exchange"), require the Calculation Agent to make a 
corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these ETF Linked 
Conditions and/or the Final Terms, which adjustment will be effective as of the date 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding 
adjustment made by the Options Exchange. If options on the ETF Shares are not traded 
on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to 
any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the 
Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms 
of the General Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, with 
reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account 
for the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event, that in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options 
were so traded. 
(ii) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETF Event is 
to be "Substitution", the Calculation shall on or after the occurrence of any Extraordinary ETF 
Event, substitute each ETF Share (each an "Affected ETF Share") of each ETF (each, an 
"Affected ETF") which is affected by such Extraordinary ETF Event with an ETF Share 
selected by it in accordance with the criteria for ETF Share selection set out below (each a 
"Substitute ETF Share") and the Substitute ETF Share will be deemed to be an "ETF Share" 
and the relevant issuer of such Substitute ETF Share, an "ETF" for the purposes of the Notes, 
and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these ETF Linked 
Conditions and/or the Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion

--- Page 192 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
192 
 
 
determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was 
to be determined by reference to an initial price (the "Initial Price") of the Affected ETF Share, 
the relevant Initial Price of each Substitute ETF Share will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price = A x (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute ETF Share on the relevant Exchange 
on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected ETF Share; and  
"C" is the fair market value of the relevant Affected ETF Share on the Substitution Date (which 
may, where available, be determined by reference to the official closing price of the Affected 
Share on the relevant Exchange and/or such other source(s) as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate). 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the ETF Basket will be deemed to be effective 
as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") in its sole and 
absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be the 
relevant Extraordinary ETF Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute ETF Share will be equal to the Weighting of the relevant 
Affected ETF Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute ETF Share, the relevant share/unit/interest must satisfy 
the following criteria, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion: 
(A) 
where the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer (a) 
in the case of ETF Shares related to a single ETF, and (b) in the case of ETF Shares 
related to an ETF Basket, the relevant share/unit/interest shall be an ordinary 
share/unit/interest of the entity or person that in the case of a Merger Event is the 
continuing entity in respect of the Merger Event or in the case of a Tender Offer is 
the entity making the Tender Offer provided that (i) the relevant share/unit/interest is 
not already included in the ETF Basket and (ii) it is or as of the relevant Extraordinary 
ETF Event Effective Date is promptly scheduled to be (x) publicly quoted, traded or 
listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the relevant 
Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the European Union, in any 
member state of the European Union) and (y) not subject to any currency exchange 
controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations; or 
(B) 
(a) where the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer 
and a share/unit/interest would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in paragraph (A) 
above, but such share/unit/interest is (in the case of an ETF Share related to an ETF 
Basket), already included in the ETF Basket, or (b) where the Extraordinary ETF 
Event is not a Merger Event or a Tender Offer, an alternative exchange traded 
instrument which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, has similar 
characteristics to the relevant ETF, including but not limited to, a comparable listing, 
investment objectives, investment restrictions and investment processes underlying 
asset pools and whose related parties are acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
if no alternative traded instrument can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub-
paragraph (B) above, use reasonable endeavours to substitute the relevant ETF with 
an index (or a fund tracking an index) selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion; and  
(D) 
following any such substitution (a "Substitution"), in its sole and absolute discretion 
amend such of the General Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Final 
Terms as it determines to be appropriate to take account of such Substitution, 
including to ensure the weighted average price referred to in (i) above (and any 
consequent rise or fall in value of the affected ETF Share since the Issue Date) is 
reflected in the terms of the Substitution. 
(iii) 
Termination

--- Page 193 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
193 
 
 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETF Event is 
to be "Termination", upon the occurrence of a Termination Event the Issuer (i) shall redeem 
all but not some only of the Notes on the Termination Date by payment to each Noteholder of 
the Termination Amount. For avoidance of any doubt, the Termination Amount shall not accrue 
any interest from the date of its calculation to the Termination Date. 
Notwithstanding General Condition 4(g), each Note shall cease to bear interest from and 
including the Calculated Extraordinary ETF Event Amount Determination Date and no interest 
amounts scheduled for payment thereafter (including, for the avoidance of doubt, including any 
Specified Interest Amounts) shall be payable. 
(iv) 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETF Event, if the Issuer determines that an adjustment 
in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall give notice as soon as practicable 
(an "Extraordinary Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
13 (Notices) stating the occurrence of such Extraordinary ETF Event (the date on which an 
Extraordinary Event Notice is given, an "Extraordinary ETF Event Notification Date"), 
giving details thereof and the action to be taken in relation thereto, including, in the case of a 
Substitution, the identity of the Substitute ETF Shares and the Substitution Date and, in the case 
of a Termination, details of any Termination Date and Termination Amount (where applicable), 
provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any 
such Extraordinary ETF Event or the proposed action. 
3. 
Correction of ETF Price 
If the relevant price of the relevant ETF Share published on a given day and used or to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published by the relevant Exchange within the number of days equal to the ETF Share 
Correction Period of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant ETF 
Share as so corrected, except that any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the price of an 
ETF Share will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant 
amount to be paid. 
4. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event  
This ETF Linked Condition 4 is applicable only if: 
(i) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment under 
the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment under 
the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
5. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period if on any or all Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event occurs, then the Notes will, subject as provided in ETF Linked Condition 2(c), be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following 
such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period and 
the Issuer shall redeem each Note at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount. 
6. 
Definitions 
"Additional Extraordinary ETF Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms) Change 
in Law, (ii) Failure to Deliver (in the case of Notes to be redeemed by delivery), or (iii) any of Hedging 
Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss Event 
and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified in the Final Terms. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly

--- Page 194 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
194 
 
 
under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, control means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means an amount, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic Early Redemption Amount set out in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such date 
is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, provided that no additional amount shall be 
payable to Holders as a result of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger,  
(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the Automatic Early Redemption Range, as specified 
in the Final Terms, 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such 
in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in ETF Linked Condition 2(c)(i) above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to 
time in accordance with the provisions set forth in these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date as specified as such in the Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the 
corresponding provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in 
such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1 
(General Definitions). 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Final Terms or, if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day.  
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Final Terms or, if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
 
If any such day is a Disrupted Day pursuant to the above, then: 
(i) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, then such date will be deemed not to 
be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount, as 
applicable, provided that if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would 
occur, then the provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of 
determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging 
Date were a Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, the provisions of the definition 
of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount 
on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date irrespective of 
whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that 
already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date, or

--- Page 195 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
195 
 
 
(iii) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms then: 
(A) 
 where the Notes are ETF Linked Notes relating to a single ETF, the Averaging Date 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding 
Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for that Averaging Date 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Valuation Date below; 
(B) 
where the Notes are ETF Linked Notes relating to an ETF Basket, and unless 
specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(1) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Shares Basis) applies the 
Averaging Date for each ETF Share not affected by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date 
(the "Scheduled Averaging Date") and the Averaging Date for each 
ETF Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such 
ETF Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such ETF 
Share has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence 
of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the 
relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an 
Averaging Date) in respect of such ETF Share, and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount 
for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Valuation Date below; and 
(2) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Share Basis) applies the 
Averaging Date for each ETF Share not affected by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally scheduled Averaging Date, 
and the Averaging Date for each ETF Share affected  by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Item") shall be 
the first succeeding Valid Date relating to the Affected Item unless 
a Valid Date in respect of the Affected Item has not occurred for a 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date 
or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date 
relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is already an Averaging Date with respect to the Affected 
Item, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of Valuation Date below; and 
(C) 
for the purposes of these ETF Linked Conditions, "Valid Date" means a Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does 
not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (i) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or 
(ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold,

--- Page 196 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
196 
 
 
acquire or dispose of any relevant ETF Share and/or (B) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing 
its obligations in relation to the ETF Linked Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates). 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the 
relevant securities. 
"Clearance System Business Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
"Coupon Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(a) 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; 
(b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(c) 
where Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis) are 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms for (i) ETF Linked Notes, (ii) Index Linked Notes and/or (iii) 
Equity Linked Notes, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as defined in these ETF Linked Conditions 
and/or the Index Linked Conditions and/or Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on 
such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day.  
"ETF" means any fund specified as being an Exchange Traded Fund in the Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
any fund which the Calculation Agent determines to be an exchange traded fund. 
"ETF Basket" means a Basket comprising the ETF Shares in one or more ETFs specified in the Final Terms. 
"ETF Documents" means, with respect to any ETF Share, the offering documents in effect on the Trade Date 
specifying among other things the terms and conditions relating to such ETF and for the avoidance of any 
doubt any other documents and agreements in respect of the ETF, as may be further described in any offering 
documents. 
"ETF Service Provider" means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, 
directly or indirectly, for such ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any investment 
advisor or manager, fund adviser, fund administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, 
sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent and any 
other person as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"ETF Share(s)" means, in respect of an ETF, a share or unit in such ETF. 
"ETF Share Correction Period" means the period specified in the Final Terms or if none is so specified, 
one Settlement Cycle. 
"Exchange" means, in relation to a ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
ETF Share in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in the ETF Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF Share on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETF Share, Exchange Business Day (Single 
ETF Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of ETFs or other assets, (a) Exchange Business Day (All ETF 
Shares Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Share Basis) or (c) Exchange Business Day (Cross 
Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in 
the Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All ETF Shares Basis) shall apply.

--- Page 197 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
197 
 
 
"Exchange Business Day (All ETF Shares Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s) 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of an ETF Basket, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of all ETFs comprised in the ETF Basket 
are open for trading during its regular trading session(s) (notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time) which is also an Exchange Business Day under and 
as defined in the Index Linked Conditions and/or Equity Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Share Basis)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing 
prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single ETF Share Basis)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related 
Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for, the ETF Share on the Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the ETF Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary ETF Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary ETF Event, the date on 
which such Extraordinary ETF Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion. 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for such 
Relevant Assets. 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation 
Agent, an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Notes or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a hypothetical investor, who shall be deemed 
to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or be deemed to hold 
such number of ETF Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay 
an amount linked to the performance of, such number of ETF Shares as it (or in the case of a hypothetical 
investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under 
the relevant Notes. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the fund price risk or any other relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), issuing 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate 
or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of ETF Shares that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates deems necessary 
to hedge the price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of 
tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk 
(including, without limitation, fund price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to borrow 
any ETF Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 198 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
198 
 
 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in relation 
to such ETF Share in the Final Terms. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that an ETF institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any 
similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of 
its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law 
or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by 
it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings 
instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the ETF shall not be deemed an 
Insolvency Filing. 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in these ETF Linked 
Conditions. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" each date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Knock-in Determination 
Day shall be delayed in accordance with the corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date 
which shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Knock-in 
Determination Day. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) 
in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms, 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-in 
Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified 
as such in the Final Terms or in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the 
Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 
5.1.  
"Knock-out Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with ETF Linked Condition 2(c)(i).  
"Knock-out Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms or., if such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Knock-Out Determination 
Day shall be delayed in accordance with the corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date 
which shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Knock-Out 
Determination Day.

--- Page 199 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
199 
 
 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than, 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to, 
(iii) 
less than or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day 
or (y) in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the Final Terms or, in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation 
Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in the Payout 
Condition 5.1. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any ETF Share in an amount equal to the Hedging 
Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption or (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, 
at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means (i) the number of calendar days specified in the Final Terms, or 
(ii) if not specified in the Final Terms, the maximum number of days after the due date for publication or 
reporting of the net asset value per ETF Share after which the ETF Service Provider or any entity fulfilling 
such role, howsoever described in the ETF Documents, or any other party acting on behalf of the ETF, may 
remedy any failure to publish or report the net asset value per ETF Share in accordance with the relevant ETF 
Documents and before the Calculation Agent may determine that an Extraordinary ETF Event has occurred. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Final Terms, or if any such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the 
corresponding provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in 
such provisions to Valuation Date were to Observation Date. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Final Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for such ETF Share in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such ETF Share has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such ETF Share on such temporary substitute exchange 
or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where All Exchanges is specified as 
the Related Exchange in the Final Terms, Related Exchange shall mean each exchange or quotation system

--- Page 200 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
200 
 
 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures 
or options contracts relating to such ETF Share. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange on which an ETF Share is traded and/or listed, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETF and in relation to an ETF Share, 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of an ETF Basket, (a) Scheduled Trading 
Day (All ETF Shares Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Share Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading 
Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification 
is made in the Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All ETF Shares Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Shares Basis)" means any day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading 
session(s) which is also a Scheduled Trading Day for the purpose of the Index Linked Conditions and/or the 
Equity Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Share Basis)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Share Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange and 
the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s). 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any day which but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day would have 
been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the Final Terms, or any successor page or service thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in the ETF Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to 
the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Observation Date, Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time or Knock-
in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the relevant Settlement Price Date or 
an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange 
for such ETF Share on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the Final Terms, the Observation Date, the Valuation 
Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, an Averaging Date (or if, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation 
Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if so specified in the Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the Valuation Date, Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at 
the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the 
Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Final Terms) and the 
closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation 
Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if so specified in the Final Terms) for the ETF Share based, at the Calculation Agent's 
discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by 
two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such ETF 
Share or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide). 
"Settlement Price Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be.

--- Page 201 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
201 
 
 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number 
of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Final Terms. 
"Stop-Loss Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the price of any ETF Share as quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for such ETF Share at any time or the Scheduled Closing Time, as specified in the Final Terms, on 
any Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such ETF Share on or after the Trade 
Date or, if later the Strike Date, is less than 5 per cent., or such percentage specified in the Final Terms, of its 
Settlement Price or, if no Settlement Price is stipulated in the Final Terms, the price given as the benchmark 
price for such ETF Share in the Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Final Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below, provided that:  
in the case of ETF Linked Notes relating to a ETF Basket, if the Strike Date for any ETF Share forming part 
of the ETF Basket is specified to be the Trade Date (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to any adjustments 
relating to the Strike Date that are set out in the Final Terms) then: 
(i) if the Strike Date for any ETF Share forming part of the ETF Basket is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
Strike Date for such ETF Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; unless (ii) in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date for 
such ETF Share, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of 
such ETF Share forming part of the ETF Basket unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled Strike Date 
is a Disrupted Day in respect of such ETF Share.  
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the 
relevant ETF Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to such ETF Share, 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the ETF Share as of the Valuation Time on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the 
price of that ETF Share last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each 
ETF Share comprised in that ETF Basket (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect 
of the relevant ETF Share on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant ETF Share as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day) and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Final Terms. 
"Termination Amount" means amount equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account the 
relevant Extraordinary ETF Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as 
soon as practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event (the "Calculated 
Extraordinary ETF Event Amount Determination Date").  
"Termination Date" means (i) the date determined by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt shall be 
any date determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion) and specified in the notice given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in relation to an ETF Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading 
by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the 
ETF Share on the Exchange; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the ETF Share on any relevant 
Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Coupon Valuation Date, Strike Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted 
Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of ETF Linked Notes relating to a single ETF Share, the Valuation Date shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number 
of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date,

--- Page 202 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
202 
 
 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Settlement Price in accordance with its good faith estimate of the Settlement Price 
as of the Valuation Time on that the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(ii) 
In the case of ETF Linked Notes relating to a Basket of ETF Shares, and unless specified 
otherwise in the applicable Final Terms:  
(A) 
Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Share Basis) or Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset 
Basis) applies, the Valuation Date for each ETF Share shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any ETF Shares 
forming part of the Basket of ETF Shares unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to 
any ETF Share forming part of Basket of ETF Shares. In that case, (i) the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for each 
ETF Share forming part of the Basket of ETF Shares, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to any ETF Share (each an "Affected Item"), 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the (a) Settlement Price of each Affected 
Item using its good faith estimate of the value of each Affected Item as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance 
with the above provisions and (b) the Settlement Price of each ETF Share that is not 
an Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in accordance with the Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Share Basis) applies, the Valuation Date for each 
ETF Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each ETF Share affected by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Item") shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of 
the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected 
Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Settlement Price of the Affected Item using its good faith 
estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above 
provisions. 
"Valuation Time" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time, the Coupon Valuation Time, the 
Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-Out Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified 
in the Final Terms or, if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange 
on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, in relation to each ETF Share to be 
valued provided that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified 
Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Time, Coupon Valuation Time, Knock-in Valuation Time, Knock-Out Valuation Time 
or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, shall be such actual closing time. 
"Weighting", in relation to an ETF Share, the weighting to be applied to it as specified in the Final Terms or 
if no weighting is so specified then no such weighting shall apply.

--- Page 203 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
203 
 
 
ANNEX 5 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Fund Linked Notes shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Fund Linked Notes set out below 
(the "Fund Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Fund Linked Conditions, the Fund Linked Conditions shall 
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Fund Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the 
Payout Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Extraordinary Fund Events 
"Extraordinary Fund Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the occurrence at 
any time on or after the Issue Date of any of the following events and any applicable Additional 
Extraordinary Fund Event: 
(a) 
all the Fund Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof; 
(b) 
by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up 
of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (i) all the Fund Shares of that Fund are required to be 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the Fund Shares of that Fund 
become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them; 
(c) 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider (i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, 
winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (ii) 
makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (1) institutes or 
has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or 
the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted 
or presented by a person or entity not described in sub-clause (iii)(1) above and either (x) results in a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (iv) seeks 
or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (v) has a secured 
party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets 
and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not immediately dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vi) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under 
the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events specified in sub-
clauses (i) to (v) above; 
(d) 
the commencement of any investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings 
against the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any key personnel of such entities, if such proceedings 
could (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) have an adverse impact on a Hedge Provider's rights or 
obligations in relation to hedging activities in respect of the Notes; 
(e) 
any Fund Service Provider or other agent or entity fulfilling such role, howsoever described in the Fund 
Documents as at the Issue Date, ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund and is not 
immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(f) 
(i) any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions or investment process (howsoever described) 
of the Fund are modified from that set out in the Fund Documents except where such change is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or (ii) a material modification of the type of assets in which the Fund 
invests (including but not limited to a material deviation from the investment objectives, investment 
restrictions or investment process (howsoever described) set out in the Fund Documents);

--- Page 204 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
204 
 
 
(g) 
a material modification of the Fund (including but not limited to a modification of the Fund Documents) 
or a material modification of the method of calculating the net asset value per Fund Share, or any change 
in the period or timing of the calculation or the publication of the net asset value per Fund Share or the 
occurrence of any event which in the determination of the Calculation Agent has or may have an adverse 
impact on the Fund or investors in the Fund (including, without limitation, the suspension of the net asset 
value per Fund Share), in each case other than a modification or event which does not affect the Fund 
Shares or the Fund or any portfolio of assets to which the Fund Share relate (either alone or in common 
with other Fund Shares issued by the Fund); 
(h) 
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, with any 
information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the investment portfolio of 
the Fund; 
(i) 
(i) the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Share that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the value of the 
relevant Fund Share; (ii) any failure of the Fund, or its authorised representative, to deliver, or cause to 
be delivered, (1) information that the Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the 
Calculation Agent or Hedge Provider, or (2) information that has been previously delivered to any Hedge 
Provider or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the Fund's, or its authorised 
representative's, normal practice and that any Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, to monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation 
methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the relevant Fund Share; 
(j) 
any of the Fund, the Fund Service Providers, howsoever described in the Fund Documents, or any other 
party acting on behalf of the Fund fails for any reason to calculate and publish the NAV per Fund Share 
within the Number of NAV Publication Days following any date scheduled for the determination of the 
valuation of the Fund Shares unless the cause of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and outside 
the control of the entity responsible for such publication; 
(k) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or the Fund Service Providers are or become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any present or 
future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or 
judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, (ii) a relevant authorisation or licence is 
revoked or is under review by a competent authority in respect of the Fund Service Providers, (iii) the 
Fund is required by a competent authority to redeem any Fund Shares and/or (iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and/or any Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority, the Fund or any other relevant entity to 
dispose of or compulsorily redeem any Fund Shares held in connection with any hedging arrangements 
relating to the Notes; 
(l) 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription or redemption 
order in respect of any Fund Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, any non-execution by the 
Fund pending completion of its fiscal audit), if such non-execution or partial execution could in the sole 
determination of any Hedge Provider have an adverse impact on any Hedge Provider's rights or 
obligations in relation to its hedging activities in relation to the Notes, (ii) the Fund otherwise suspends 
or refuses transfers of any of its Fund Shares as described in the Fund Documents, (iii) if applicable, the 
Fund ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the relevant jurisdiction's legislation, 
(iv) the Fund otherwise suspends or refuses redemptions of any of its Fund Shares (including, without 
limitation, if the Fund applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar provisions permitting the 
Fund to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of Fund Shares) as described in the Fund Documents, (v) 
the Fund imposes in whole or in part any restriction (including, without limitation, any redemption in 
specie), charge or fee in respect of a redemption or subscription of its Fund Shares by the Issuer or any 
Hedge Provider or exercises its right to claw back the proceeds already paid on redeemed Fund Shares, 
if in any case it could in the sole determination of any Hedge Provider have an adverse impact on any 
Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging activities in relation to the Notes, (vi) a 
mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the Fund Shares is imposed by the Fund on any one or 
more holders of Fund Shares at any time for any reason or (vii) the Issuer, any Hedge Provider, or any 
Affiliate thereof, is required by the Fund or Fund Service Provider to redeem any Fund Shares for any 
reason; 
(m) 
the aggregate net asset value of the Fund falls below the level of the NAV Barrier; 
(n) 
a NAV Trigger Event occurs;

--- Page 205 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
205 
 
 
(o) 
any proposal to wind up the Fund or the Fund ceases to exist or there exists any litigation against the 
Fund or a Fund Service Provider which in the determination of the Calculation Agent could materially 
affect the value of the Fund Shares; 
(p) 
the currency or denomination of the Fund Share is amended from that set out in the Fund Documents so 
that the net asset value per Fund Share is no longer calculated in the same currency as at the Trade Date; 
(q) 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund ceases to act in 
such capacity, and the Fund or relevant Fund Service Provider fails to appoint a replacement having 
similar qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
(r) 
following the issue by a Fund of a new class or series (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) of 
shares, the Calculation Agent, determines that such new class or series of shares has or may have an 
adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in relation to the Notes; 
(s) 
where the Notes are linked to a Fund Basket, a Basket Trigger Event; 
(t) 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations relating 
to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging arrangements entered 
into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Notes (a "Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, the 
Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax 
Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax 
Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to any of its Affiliates, provided that the Issuer 
or the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result 
in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be 
deemed satisfied on any date the Calculation Agent determines that there is no reasonable means of 
mitigating the Tax Event as provided above; 
(u) 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Notes, as a result of any adoption of, or any 
change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after the Issue Date, or 
issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or 
informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any 
law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other 
relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Issuer or 
the Hedge Provider to hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider 
or the Issuer to adversely modify any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would 
adversely affect the amount of regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any 
holding of Fund Shares or that would subject a holder of the Fund Shares or the Issuer to any loss), 
purchase or sell any Fund Shares of the Fund or for the Issuer or the Hedge Provider to maintain such 
hedging arrangements, (ii) the cost to the Issuer or the Hedge Provider of such hedging activities would 
be materially increased for any reason or (iii) the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a 
material loss and, subject as provided below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one 
calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to 
mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to any of its 
Affiliates, provided that the Issuer or the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged 
to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one 
calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date the Calculation Agent determines that 
that there is no means of mitigating the Relevant Event as provided above; or 
(v) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, if the cost to the Issuer or the Hedge 
Provider in relation to the Notes would be materially increased or the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider 
would be subject to a material loss. 
2. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred, including any 
Additional Extraordinary Fund Event specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation shall notify the Issuer 
and the Issuer shall give notice (an "Extraordinary Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of such Extraordinary Fund Event (the date on 
which an Extraordinary Fund Event is gives, an "Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date"), 
giving details of the Extraordinary Fund Event and the action to be taken in respect thereof, including 
details of any Termination Date and Termination Amount (where applicable).

--- Page 206 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
206 
 
 
If an Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, including any Additional Extraordinary Fund Event specified in 
the Final Terms the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take any of the actions (each an 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Action") described in subparagraphs (a) to (c) inclusive below.  
(a) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that the action to be taken in respect of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "Adjustment", then the Calculation Agent may determine, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more Fund, Fund 
Share and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to take account of the Extraordinary Fund Event and determine the effective date 
of such adjustment. 
(b) 
Substitution 
A "Substitution Event" may be deemed to have occurred if the Calculation Agent determines that any 
of the Extraordinary Fund Events set out Fund Linked Condition 1 or any Additional Extraordinary Fund 
Event specified in the Final Terms occurs. Following the occurrence of a Substitution Event in respect 
of any Fund Share, the Calculation Agent shall: 
(i) 
determine the weighted average price at which an investor can redeem the affected Fund Shares 
in the relevant Fund in such number as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion as soon as it is reasonably practicable after its determination of the 
Substitution Event; 
(ii) 
for a period of no longer than 14 calendar days after the date of its determination of the 
Substitution Event, use reasonable efforts to substitute the relevant Fund Shares with shares, 
units or other similar interests in an alternative fund which, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the relevant Fund, including but not limited to, 
comparable investment objectives, investment restrictions and investment processes and has 
service providers acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub-paragraph (ii) above, use 
reasonable efforts to substitute the relevant Fund with an index (or a fund tracking an index) 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(iv) 
following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii) above (a 
"Substitution"), in its sole and absolute discretion amend such of the General Conditions, these 
Fund Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms as it determines to be appropriate to take 
account of such Substitution, including to ensure the weighted average price referred to in (i) 
above (and any consequent rise or fall in value of the affected Fund Shares since the Issue Date) 
is reflected in the terms of the Substitution. 
(c) 
Termination 
A "Termination Event" may be deemed to have occurred in respect to any Fund or Fund Share, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that any of the Extraordinary Fund Events set out in Fund Linked 
Condition 1 or any Additional Extraordinary Fund Event specified in the Final Terms occurs. Upon the 
occurrence of a Termination Event the Issuer (i) shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes on the 
Termination Date by payment to each Noteholder of the Termination Amount, or (ii) require the 
Calculation Agent to determine the Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount on the Calculated 
Extraordinary Fund Event Amount Determination Date, and redeem each Note on the scheduled Maturity 
Date by payment of the Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount. For avoidance of any doubt, the 
Termination Amount shall not accrue any interest from the date of its calculation to the Termination 
Date. 
Notwithstanding General Condition 4(g), each Note shall cease to bear interest from and including the 
Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount Determination Date and no interest amounts scheduled 
for payment thereafter (including, for the avoidance of doubt, including any Specified Interest Amounts) 
shall be payable. 
3. 
Redemption / Termination Date Extension 
In the case of Cash Settled Notes, if on the Scheduled Maturity Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date 
or Termination Date, as the case may be, the Hedge Provider has not, (or is deemed to have not), after 
having placed one or more redemption orders in respect of its holding of Fund Shares in accordance with

--- Page 207 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
207 
 
 
the terms of the relevant Fund Documents, received redemption proceeds in full in respect of all Fund 
Shares (the "Redemption Proceeds"), the Calculation Agent may notify the Issuer and the Issuer shall 
notify the Holders as soon as practicable in accordance with General Condition 13 that the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be, has 
been postponed. As soon as practicable following receipt (or deemed receipt) by the Hedge Provider of 
the Redemption Proceeds the Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give 
notice to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 13 (such notice the "Delayed Payment 
Notice") and redeem the Notes on the date falling not more than five Business Days following the receipt 
of the Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the "Postponed Redemption Date") by payment to each 
Holder of the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount or the Termination 
Amount, as the case may be, provided that, if the Hedge Provider does not receive the Redemption 
Proceeds within the period ending on the date (the "Delayed Payment Cut-off Date") specified in the 
Final Terms or, if not so specified, the second anniversary of the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be, the Postponed Redemption Date 
shall be the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date and the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount or the Termination Amount will be calculated by reference to the redemption 
proceeds actually received by the Hedge Provider which may be zero. 
In the case of interest bearing Notes, subject to Fund Linked Condition 2(c) above, the Issuer shall be 
obliged to pay interest calculated as provided in General Condition 4 accruing from (and including) the 
Interest Period End Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be, (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date or the 
Termination Date, as the case may be, but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the 
Postponed Redemption Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and 
no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay. 
4. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event  
(a) 
This Fund Linked Condition 4 is applicable only if: 
(i) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment under 
the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment under 
the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
5. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period if on any or all Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event occurs, then the Notes will, subject as provided in Fund Linked Condition 3, be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following 
such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period and 
the Issuer shall redeem each Note at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount. 
6. 
Definitions 
"Additional Extraordinary Fund Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms) 
Change in Law, (ii) Failure to Deliver (in the case of Notes to be redeemed by delivery), and (iii) Hedging 
Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the Final Terms. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, control means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means an amount, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic Early Redemption Amount set out in the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 208 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
208 
 
 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, provided that no additional amount 
shall be payable to Holders as a result of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger,  
(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the Automatic Early Redemption Range, as specified 
in the Final Terms, 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as 
such in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in Fund Linked Condition 2(a) above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms 
and if such a date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately following Fund Business Day. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 
5.1 (General Definitions). 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Final Terms or if any such 
date is not a Fund Valuation Date, the immediately following Fund Valuation Date, unless such 
immediately following day is, due to the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event not a Fund Valuation 
Date.  
If any such day is not a Fund Valuation Date (a "Fund Non-Valuation Date"), then: 
(a) 
if "Omission" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, then such date will be deemed not to 
be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement Price or NAV per 
Fund Share as applicable provided that if through the operation of this provision no Averaging 
Date would occur, then the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute direction, take any 
of the Extraordinary Fund Event Actions; or 
(b) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms then: 
(i) 
In the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a single Fund, the Averaging Date shall 
be the first succeeding Valid Date that is not a Fund Non-Valuation Date (irrespective 
of whether such date is an Averaging Date), unless each of the number of consecutive 
Valid Dates equal to the Number of NAV Publication Days immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of such day being a Fund Non-Valuation Date, 
would have been the relevant Averaging Date. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Valid Date shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is also an Averaging Date and (ii) the Calculation Agent in its sole an absolute 
discretion may take any Extraordinary Fund Event Actions.  
(ii) 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a Fund Basket, the Averaging Date for 
each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Fund Non-Valuation Date shall 
be the original Averaging Date (the "Scheduled Averaging Date"), and the Averaging 
Date for each Fund Share affected (each an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a 
Fund Non-Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date that is not a Fund 
Non-Valuation Date relating to the Affected Item (regardless of whether such Valid 
Date is an Averaging Date) unless each of the number of consecutive Valid Dates equal 
to the Number of NAV Publication Days immediately following the Scheduled 
Averaging Date is a Fund Non-Publication Date relating to the Affected Item. In that

--- Page 209 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
209 
 
 
case, (i) the last such consecutive date shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date for 
the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is an Averaging Date, and 
(ii) the Calculation Agent shall in its sole and absolute discretion may take any 
Extraordinary Fund Event Actions. 
(c) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms then: 
(A) 
where the Notes are Fund Linked Notes relating to a single Fund, the Averaging Date 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding Valid 
Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Fund Business Days equal to the 
Number of NAV Publication Days immediately following the original date that, but 
for the occurrence of such date being a Fund Non-Valuation Date or another Averaging 
Date, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then, (A) that last such 
consecutive Fund Business Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective 
of whether such Fund Business Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute direction, take any of the Extraordinary Fund 
Event Actions; 
(B) 
where the Notes are Fund Linked Notes relating to a Fund Basket, the Averaging Date 
for each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Fund Non-Valuation Date shall 
be the originally designated Averaging Date (the "Scheduled Averaging Date") and 
the Averaging Date for each Fund Share affected by the occurrence of a Fund Non-
Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation 
to such Fund Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number 
of consecutive Fund Business Days equal to the Number of NAV Publication Days 
immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date that, but for the occurrence of 
such date being a Fund Non-Valuation Date or another Averaging Date, would have 
been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Fund Business 
Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Fund 
Business Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute direction, take any of the Extraordinary Fund Event Actions; and 
(C) 
for the purposes of these Fund Linked Conditions, "Valid Date" means a Fund 
Valuation Date which is not a Fund Non-Valuation Date and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that a Substitution Event occurs in respect of one or more Funds 
comprising the Fund Basket which has or, in the event that a Substitution Event has occurred in respect 
of more than one Fund, together have, a Weighting in the Fund Basket equal to or greater than the Basket 
Trigger Level. 
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms or if not so specified, 50 per cent. 
"Calculation Date" means each day(s) specified in the Final Terms, or if not so specified, each day 
which is a Fund Business Day. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (i) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax 
law), or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it has 
become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Fund Share and/or (B) it will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Fund Linked Notes (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax 
position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the 
Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the 
market for such Fund Shares.  
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
"Fund" means Fund(s), or sub-Fund(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fund Basket" means a Basket comprising the Fund Shares specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 210 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
210 
 
 
"Fund Business Day" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, (i) in respect 
of a single Fund (Single Fund Share Basis), a date (a) that is a Fund Valuation Date and (b) on which the 
Hedging Provider has, or could have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at 
the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally published 
or reports that value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date; and (ii) in respect of a Fund Basket, either 
Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) or Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) as specified 
in the Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the Final Terms, Fund Business Day 
(Per Fund Share Basis) shall apply. 
"Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Basket, a date (i) that is a 
Fund Valuation Date for all Fund Shares comprising the Fund Basket and (ii) on which the Hedging 
Provider has, or could have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV 
per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally published or reports 
that value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is a 
Fund Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Share and (ii) on which the Hedging Provider has, or could 
have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share 
published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally published or reports that value) in 
respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Business Day (Single Fund Shares Basis)" means a date (i) that is a Fund Valuation Date and 
(ii) on which the Hedging Provider has, or could have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund 
Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that 
generally published or reports that value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Documents" means, with respect to any Fund Share, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating 
to such Fund Shares or as at the Issue Date, as amended from time to time. 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for such Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including 
any investment advisor or manager, fund adviser, fund administrator, operator, management company, 
depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, 
domiciliary agent and any other person specified as such in the Fund Documents. 
"Fund Share(s)" means an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a fund, pooled 
investment vehicle or any other interest specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Fund Valuation Date" means any date as of which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, the Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is but for the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event would have been scheduled to determine the NAV per Fund Share. 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent, an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations 
in respect of the Notes or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a hypothetical investor, 
who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will 
hold or be deemed to hold such number of Fund Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement 
to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number of Fund Shares as it 
(or in the case of a hypothetical investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent 
issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant Notes. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the fund price risk or any other 
relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) freely realise, recover, 
remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, 
re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary 
to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, fund price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest 
rate risk) of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect

--- Page 211 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
211 
 
 
to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased 
Cost of Hedging. 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such day is not a 
Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
"Initial Calculation Day" means such day specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such day is not a 
Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
"Initial Calculation Period" means such period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Final Terms, or otherwise 
each Fund Business Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day 
or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms, 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-
in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms and such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-
in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
and such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout 
Condition 5.1.  
"Knock-out Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions.  
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Final Terms, or otherwise 
each Fund Business Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than, 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to, 
(iii) 
less than or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-out Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 212 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
212 
 
 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms and such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-
out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
and such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in the Payout 
Condition 5.1. 
"NAV Barrier" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"NAV Trigger Event" means, in respect of any Fund Shares, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share has 
decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any time during the 
related NAV Trigger Period; or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, 
or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court or other 
agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any other contractual 
restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets. 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the Final Terms or, if not so specified, 
50 per cent. 
"NAV Trigger Period" means the period specified in the Final Terms, or if not so specified the period 
from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation Date. 
"NAV per Fund Share" means, subject as referred to in Averaging Date, with respect to the relevant 
Fund Share and a Fund Valuation Date: 
(a) 
in respect of a single Fund, (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Final Terms, (A) the net asset 
value per Fund Share of such Fund Shares as of the relevant Fund Valuation Date, or (B), if the 
Fund Service Provider of the Fund publishes or reports only the aggregate net asset value of the 
Fund Shares, the net asset value per Fund Share relating to such number of Fund Shares as of 
the relevant Calculation Date as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of such 
aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares divided by the relevant number of Fund Shares 
issued and outstanding on the related Fund Valuation Date, each of (A) or (B) as reported by the 
Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its 
investors or a publishing service; or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the net asset values per Fund Share, (determined in accordance with either 
(A) or (B) of the foregoing sentence) of such Fund Shares on each Averaging Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Fund Basket, (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Final Terms, (A) the net asset 
value per Fund Share for each Fund Share in the Fund Basket as of the relevant Fund Valuation 
Date, or (B), if the Fund Service Provider of the Fund in relation to a Fund in the Fund Basket 
publishes or reports only the aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares, the net asset value 
per Fund Share relating to such number of Fund Shares as of the relevant Calculation Date for 
such Fund as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of such aggregate net asset value 
of the Fund Shares for such Fund divided by the relevant number of Fund Shares issued by such 
Fund and outstanding on the related Fund Valuation Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean, for each Fund Share in the Fund Basket of the net asset values 
per Fund Share for each Fund in the Fund Basket (determined in accordance with either (A) or 
(B) of the foregoing sentence) relating to such Fund Shares on each Averaging Date. 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means (i) the number of calendar days specified in the Final 
Terms, or (ii) if not specified in the Final Terms, the maximum number of days after the due date for 
publication or reporting of the NAV per Fund Share after which the Fund Service Provider or any entity 
fulfilling such role, howsoever described in the Fund Documents, or any other party acting on behalf of 
the Fund, may remedy any failure to publish or report the NAV per Fund Share in accordance with the 
relevant Fund Documents and before the Calculation Agent may determine that an Extraordinary Fund 
Event has occurred.

--- Page 213 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
213 
 
 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Final Terms, or if any such 
date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately following Fund Business Day. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Final Terms. 
"Termination Amount" means amount equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account the 
relevant Extraordinary Fund Event (the "Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount"), less the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Modified Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount"), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the relevant 
Extraordinary Fund Event (the "Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount Determination 
Date").  
"Termination Date" means the date determined by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt shall 
be any date determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion) and specified in the notice given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Weighting", in relation to a Fund Share, the weighting to be applied to it as specified in the Final Terms 
or if no weighting is so specified then no such weighting shall apply.

--- Page 214 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
214 
 
 
ANNEX 6 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Inflation Linked Notes shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Inflation Linked Notes set out below 
(the "Inflation Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which 
is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Inflation Linked Conditions, the Inflation Linked 
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Inflation Linked Conditions and the Payout 
Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Index has occurred, 
then the Relevant Level with respect to any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation 
of any payment under the Notes and/or any other determination to be made in respect of the Notes (the 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to Inflation 
Linked Condition 1 (b) below), as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level determined under the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; or 
(b) 
if (i) Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the Calculation Agent 
is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under (a) above for any reason, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where: 
"Base Level" means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced 
by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for 
which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined. 
"Latest Level" means the latest level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Inflation Index 
Level is being determined. 
"Reference Level" means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month 
referred to in "Latest Level" above. 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 of any 
Substitute Inflation Index Level calculated pursuant to this Inflation Linked Condition 1. 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant Cut-Off Date specified 
in the Final Terms, then, subject as provided in Inflation Linked Condition 3 such Relevant Level will 
not be used in any calculations. The Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this 
Inflation Linked Condition 1 will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
2. 
Successor Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Index has not been published by the Index 
Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue 
to publish or announce the Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine a successor index (a "Successor Index") (in lieu of any previously applicable Index) for 
the purposes of the Notes as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
Successor Index by reference to the corresponding successor index determined under the terms and 
conditions of the Related Bond; 
(b) 
if (x) Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the Final Terms or (y) a Related Bond Redemption 
Event is specified as applying in the Final Terms and has occurred and Fallback Bond is not specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer publish or announce 
Substitute Inflation Index Level = Base Level × (Latest Level Reference Level
 
),

--- Page 215 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
215 
 
 
the Index but that it will be superseded by a replacement index specified by the Index Sponsor, and the 
Calculation Agent determines that such replacement Index is calculated using the same or a substantially 
similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Index, 
such replacement index shall be deemed the Successor Index for the purposes of the Notes from the date 
that such replacement Index comes into effect; 
(c) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under paragraphs (a) or (b) above the Calculation Agent shall 
ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Index should be. If at 
least four responses are received, and of those responses, three or more leading independent dealers state 
the same index, such index will be deemed the Successor Index. If three responses are received, and two 
or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the Successor 
Index. If fewer than three responses are received by the Cut-Off Date or no Successor Index is determined 
pursuant to this provision, the Calculation Agent will apply the provisions of paragraph (d) below; 
(d) 
if no Successor Index has been determined pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) above, by the next 
occurring Cut-Off Date, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate 
alternative index as of such Cut-Off Date for such affected Determination Date, and such index will be 
deemed a Successor Index for the purposes of the Notes; or 
(e) 
if the Calculation Agent cannot determine an appropriate alternative index pursuant to subparagraphs (a) 
to (d) above, there will be deemed to be no Successor Index and an Index Cancellation will be deemed 
to have occurred. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor Index 
shall be deemed to replace the Index for the purposes of the Notes. Notice of the determination of a 
Successor Index, the effective date of the Successor Index or the occurrence of an Index Cancellation 
will be given to Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 13. 
3. 
Adjustments 
(a) 
Successor Index 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with Inflation Linked Condition 2, the 
Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to any amount 
payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
deems necessary to account for this. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such 
adjustment in accordance with General Condition 13. 
(b) 
Substitute Inflation Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Inflation Index Level in accordance with 
Inflation Linked Condition 1, the Issuer may make any adjustment or adjustments (without 
limitation) to (x) the Substitute Inflation Index Level determined in accordance with Index 
Linked Condition 2 and/or (y) any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant 
term of the Notes, in each case, as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. The Issuer shall give 
notice to the Noteholders of any such adjustment in accordance with General Condition 13. 
(c) 
Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(i) 
The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (excluding any "flash" or other 
estimates) by the Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and, 
subject to Inflation Linked Condition 3(c)(ii) and (iii) below, later revisions to the level for such 
Reference Month will not be used in any calculations, save that in respect of the EUR-All Items-
Revised Consumer Price Index, the ESP National- Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) and the 
ESP-Harmonised-Revised Consumer Price Index HCPI, revisions to the Relevant Level which 
are published or announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any 
relevant Determination Date will be valid and the revised Relevant Level for the relevant 
Reference Month will be deemed to be the final and conclusive Relevant Level for such 
Reference Month. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any valid revision in 
accordance with General Condition 13. 
(ii) 
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to a Determination Date in respect of which 
a Relevant Level will be used in any calculation or determination in respect of such 
Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has corrected the 
Relevant Level to correct a manifest error, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment to 
any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the

--- Page 216 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
216 
 
 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate as a result of such correction and/or determine the amount 
(if any) that is payable as a result of that correction. The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Noteholders of any such adjustment and/or amount in accordance with General Condition 13. 
(iii) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of a 
Determination Date in respect of which a Substitute Inflation Index Level was determined, the 
Calculation Agent may either (A) determine that such Relevant Level shall not be used in any 
calculation or determination under the Notes and that the Substitute Inflation Index Level shall 
be deemed to be the definitive Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month, or (B) request 
the Issuer to make any adjustment to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes as it deems appropriate as a result of the announcement or publication 
of the Relevant Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of such 
publication or announcement. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of any 
determination in respect of (A) or (B), together with any adjustment or amount in respect 
thereof, in accordance with General Condition 13. 
(d) 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Specified Notes 
Currency (whether relating to its convertibility; into other currencies or otherwise) which the 
Calculation Agent determines necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to any amount payable 
under the Notes, and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including the date on which any 
amount is payable by the Issuer), the Issuer may make such adjustment or adjustments to such 
amount and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Noteholders of any such adjustment in 
accordance with General Condition 13. 
(e) 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the 
Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for purposes of determining the 
Relevant Level from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent 
may make if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, any adjustments as are 
made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the 
Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as before the 
rebasing, and/or if Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the Final Terms or a Related 
Bond Redemption Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the 
levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as 
the Index before it was rebased and in each case the Issuer may make any adjustment(s) to any 
amount payable under the Notes and/or any other term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent 
may deem necessary. If the Calculation Agent determines that neither (i) nor (ii) above would 
produce a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may redeem each Note on a 
date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 at its fair 
market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the date of redemption taking into 
account the rebasing less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding or amending 
any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any adjustment, redemption of the 
Notes or determination pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13. 
(f) 
Index Modification 
(i) 
If on or prior to the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Index Modification has occurred the Calculation Agent may (A) if Related 
Bond is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, make any adjustments to any Relevant Level 
and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including, without limitation, any amount payable 
under the Notes), consistent with any adjustments made to the Related Bond as the Calculation 
Agent deems necessary, or (B) if Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
or a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred make only those adjustments to the Index, 
any Relevant Level and/or any other term of the Notes (including, without limitation, any 
amount payable under the Notes), as the Calculation Agent deems necessary for the modified 
Index to continue as the Index and to account for the economic effect of the Index Modification. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred at any time after 
the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the Calculation Agent may determine

--- Page 217 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
217 
 
 
either to ignore such Index Modification for the purposes of any calculation or determination 
made by the Calculation Agent with respect to such Determination Date, in which case the 
relevant Index Modification will be deemed to have occurred with respect to the immediately 
succeeding Determination Date such that the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) above will apply, 
or, notwithstanding that the Index Modification has occurred following the Cut-Off Date, to 
make any adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems fit in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) 
above. 
(g) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
may make any adjustments to any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, any amount payable under the Notes to account therefor or may 
redeem each Note on the date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 at its fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of 
redemption, taking into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event, less the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging 
arrangements. Notice of any redemption of the Notes shall be given to Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13. 
(h) 
Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has occurred, the Issuer may 
make any adjustments to any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, any amount payable under the Notes to account therefore) or may 
redeem each Note on the date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 at its fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of 
redemption, taking into account the Index Cancellation, less the cost to the Issuer and/or any 
Affiliates of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of 
any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13. 
4. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms) Change in Law, or (ii) 
Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging if specified in the Final Terms. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, control means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (A) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation 
Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it has become illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Index for purposes of the 
Notes. 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, five Business Days prior to such Determination Date, 
unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date, that the Index Sponsor fails to publish 
or announce the level of the Index (the "Relevant Level") in respect of any Reference Month which is relevant to 
the calculation of any payment under the Notes and/or any other determination in respect of the Notes, in each 
case by the related Cut-Off Date. 
"Determination Date" means in respect of an Index and/or Index Level(s) or value(s) as the case may be, each 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the country 
to whose level of inflation the Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated 
by reference to the Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next 
longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next 
shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If

--- Page 218 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
218 
 
 
the Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select 
an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of 
France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference 
to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the 
Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one 
inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent 
from those bonds in its discretion. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback 
Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems 
(including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price 
risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Index" means the index or indices specified in the Final Terms or any Successor Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to Inflation Linked Condition 2 and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Index Cancellation" means a level for the Index has not been published or announced for two consecutive 
months and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer 
continue to publish or announce the Index and no Successor Index exists. 
"Index Modification" means the Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Index or in any other way materially 
modifies the Index. 
"Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the 
relevant Index which as of the Issue Date of the Notes is the Index Sponsor specified in the Final Terms in relation 
to the relevant Index. 
"Rebased Index" has the meaning given to it under Inflation Linked Condition 3 above. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Index was reported, regardless of when 
this information is published or announced. If the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is a period 
other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant Level was reported. 
"Related Bond" means the bond (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms. If the Related Bond specified in 
the Final Terms is Fallback Bond, then for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond Not applicable" 
is specified in the Final Terms there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related Bond in the 
Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the relevant Determination Date, unless "Fallback Bond 
Not applicable" is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related 
Bond determination. 
"Related Bond Redemption Event" means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, at any time prior to the 
Maturity Date, (a) the Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased or cancelled, (b) the Related Bond becomes 
repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason, or (c) the issuer of the Related Bond announces 
that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or cancelled prior to its stated date of maturity. 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning given to it in the definition of Delayed Index Level Event.  
"Strike Date" means each date specified as a Strike Date in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with these Inflation Linked Conditions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 219 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
219 
 
 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Final Terms.  
"Successor Index" has the meaning given to it in under Inflation Linked Condition 2. 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" has the meaning given in Inflation Linked Condition 1.

--- Page 220 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
220 
 
 
ANNEX 7 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Notes shall comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes set out below (the "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions"), 
together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General 
Conditions and the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions, the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Non-EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 apply unless EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the Final 
Terms. 
(a) 
Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base 
Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be a "Disruption Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation; or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (vii) above 
(inclusive). 
(b) 
Consequences of a Disruption Event 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-
In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day (or, if different, the day on which prices for that 
date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant Price Source) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply the applicable Disruption Fallback in determining 
the consequences of the Disruption Event. 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Price when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is an Averaging 
Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day (or, if 
different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced 
by the Price Source). The Calculation Agent shall take the relevant actions specified in either (i), (ii) or 
(iii) below. 
(i) 
if an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent will determine that the relevant 
Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (in the case of the Strike Date or Valuation 
Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-In 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day) unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the originally scheduled Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may be, is a Disrupted Day 
in which case the Calculation Agent may determine that the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In

--- Page 221 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
221 
 
 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may be (irrespective, in the 
case of an Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day, of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an 
Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination 
Day, as the case may be) and may determine the Settlement Price by using commercially 
reasonable efforts to determine a Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day taking into consideration all available information that in 
good faith it deems relevant; or 
(ii) 
if an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed 
Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being not applicable in the 
Final Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13, the 
Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment 
of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payment shall be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13; or 
(iii) 
if an Averaging Date, any Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed 
Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note less the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
(the "Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount") as soon as practicable 
following the occurrence of the Disruption Event (the "Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note 
at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Disruption Amount plus interest accrued on the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Disruption Amount on a daily basis from and including the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, each such daily 
accrual rate being at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost on or about the relevant day or (y) if 
greater, its nominal amount. 
2. 
EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition (2) apply where EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the Final 
Terms. 
(a) 
EM Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base 
Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be an "EM Disruption Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation;  
(viii) 
Price Materiality; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (viii) above 
(inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in

--- Page 222 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
222 
 
 
accordance with General Condition 13 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an 
Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination 
Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be.  
(b) 
Consequences of an EM Disruption Event 
Upon an EM Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may be (or, if different, the 
day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant EM FX 
Price Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining 
the consequences of the EM Disruption Event: (a) EM Calculation Agent Determination where the 
applicable EM Disruption Event is other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the 
applicable EM Disruption Fallback where the applicable EM Disruption Event is a Price Source 
Disruption or Price Materiality.  
(c) 
Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a Settlement Price Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is an Unscheduled 
Holiday in respect of a Subject Currency, then such date shall be the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day after the occurrence of the Unscheduled Holiday, subject as provided above, and provided 
that if such Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, as the case may be, has not occurred on or before the EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement then the next Scheduled Trading Day after such period that would have been a Scheduled 
Trading Day but for the Unscheduled Holiday shall be deemed to be the relevant date for valuation and 
the Settlement Price shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on such day in its sole discretion acting 
in good faith having taken into account relevant market practice and by reference to such additional 
source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
(d) 
Cumulative Events 
If "Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms in respect of a Settlement Currency 
then, in no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar days during which a Settlement Price 
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is deferred due to 
either (i) an Unscheduled Holiday or (ii) an EM Valuation Postponement (or a combination of both (i) 
and (ii)) exceed the EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement in the aggregate. If a Settlement 
Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case 
may be, is postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the EM Maximum Cumulative Days of 
Postponement and at the end of such period (i) an Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be 
continuing on the day immediately following such period (the "Final Day"), then such Final Day shall 
be deemed to be the Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, as the case may be, and (ii) if a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be 
continuing on the Final Day, then Valuation Postponement shall not apply and the Settlement Price shall 
be determined in accordance with the next applicable EM Disruption Fallback. 
(e) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Condition 2, then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any assets shall fall on the 
later of (a) the date for such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Final 
Terms and (b) the day falling the EM Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified in the Final 
Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the last occurring Settlement Price Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
This Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 3 is applicable only:  
(i) 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment 
under the Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or

--- Page 223 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
223 
 
 
(ii) 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment 
under the Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out Event, shall 
be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
4. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable, if on any or 
all Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Final Terms, an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs, all but not some only of the Notes will be automatically redeemed on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or Automatic Early Redemption Period, as applicable, and the Issuer shall redeem each Note at an 
amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
5. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If the Notes 
are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him 
which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the Additional Disruption 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
13. 
6. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms) Change in Law, or (ii) 
Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such date is 
not a Business Day, the next following Business Day and no Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or further 
payment in respect of any such delay.  
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger, (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the 
Automatic Early Redemption Range, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time 
in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as 
applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day; or (b) where EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Final 
Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an

--- Page 224 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
224 
 
 
Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 
2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date shall be delayed in accordance with the corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation 
Date which shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the Final Terms or, if any such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the 
relevant Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 1(b) shall apply; or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph 
(b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) 
shall apply. 
"Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (A) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or 
it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, splits 
into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption 
Event or EM Disruption Event has occurred. 
"EM" means emerging markets. 
"EM Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for determining 
the Settlement Price when an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is an Averaging Date, Settlement 
Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day (or, if different, the day on which 
prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the EM FX Price Source) being, 
in respect of a Subject Currency, any of EM Calculation Agent Determination, EM First Fallback Reference Price, 
EM Second Fallback Reference Price and EM Valuation Postponement, as so specified in the Final Terms for 
such Subject Currency. Where more than one EM Disruption Fallback is so specified then such EM Disruption 
Fallbacks shall apply in the order in which they are specified in the Final Terms until the Settlement Price can be 
determined for such exchange rate relating to that Settlement Currency for such Averaging Date, Settlement Price 
Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day.  
Where: 
(a) 
"EM Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. 
(b) 
"EM First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement 
Price by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for which purpose, references in 
the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX Price Source", "EM Valuation Time" and "EM Number of 
Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be to "First Fallback EM FX Price Source", "First 
Fallback Valuation Time" and "First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where 
such terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Final Terms).

--- Page 225 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
225 
 
 
(c) 
"EM Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, for which purpose, 
references in the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX Price Source", "EM Valuation Time" and 
"EM Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be to "Second Fallback EM FX 
Price Source", "Second Fallback Valuation Time" and "Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Final Terms).  
(d) 
"EM Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Price shall be determined on the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that no such Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day has occurred on or before 
the day falling the EM Maximum Days of Postponement following the originally designated Averaging 
Date, Valuation Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may 
be. In such event, the Settlement Price shall be determined on the next Scheduled Trading Day after the 
EM Maximum Days of Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that day may be a Disrupted Day) in 
accordance with the next applicable EM Disruption Fallback.  
"EM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions" means Emerging Markets Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions. 
"EM FX Price Source" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the price source(s) specified as such in the Final 
Terms (or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent).  
"EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Final 
Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"EM Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Final Terms or, if 
no such number is specified, 30 calendar days.  
"EM Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the number of days on which 
commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have been open) for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in the or each Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the Final Terms (each, an "EM Settlement 
Day"). Where no such number or zero is so specified, then such rate shall be for settlement on the same day.  
"EM Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms or, if no such 
percentage is specified, 3 per cent.  
"EM Primary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such Subject Currency 
in the Final Terms. 
"EM Secondary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such Subject 
Currency in the Final Terms. 
"EM Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the time at which the EM FX Price 
Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated. 
"EMTA Template Terms" means the EMTA Template Terms for Non-Deliverable Currency Option 
Transactions for the relevant FX rate, as published by the Trade Association for the Emerging Markets (EMTA) 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date. 
"Exchange Rate Divergence" means:  
(i) if the FX rate specified in the Final Terms is USD/ARS, that, in the reasonable opinion of not less than 5 
unaffiliated EMTA Members notified to EMTA (or its successor) by no later than 4 p.m., Buenos Aires time on 
the Valuation Date, the Price Source has failed, for a period of not less than three consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days (for any reason, including due to a split in the currency exchange rate or other event) to reflect the current 
prevailing Argentine Peso bid and offer rates for a standard size Argentine Peso/U.S. Dollar financial transaction 
for same-day settlement in the Buenos Aires marketplace on the Valuation Date; and  
(ii) if the FX rate specified in the Final Terms is USD/BRL, that, in the reasonable and independent judgement, 
as notified to EMTA in accordance with the EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence Procedures, of not less than 
7 unaffiliated EMTA members that are recognised market makers active in the BRL/U.S. Dollar foreign exchange 
market (no less than 4 of which shall be active participants in the onshore BRL/USD spot market), the Price 
Source (following a split of the exchange rates in Brazil or otherwise) no longer reflects the then-prevailing 
Brazilian Reais / U.S. Dollar spot rate for standard-size wholesale financial transactions involving the exchange 
of Brazilian Reais for U.S. Dollars delivered outside of Brazil, and

--- Page 226 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
226 
 
 
if the FX rate specified in the Final Terms is a rate other than USD/ARS or USD/BRL but, it is specified in the 
relevant EMTA Template Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Issue Date and in respect of 
such FX rate, that Price Source Disruption shall include Exchange Rate Divergence, then Exchange Rate 
Divergence shall have the meaning given in the relevant EMTA Template Terms with respect to such FX rate. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to convert a 
Subject Currency into the Base Currency in a Subject Currency Jurisdiction through customary legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to deliver 
(A) the Base Currency from accounts inside a Subject Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside a Subject 
Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the Subject Currency between accounts inside a Subject Currency Jurisdiction or to 
a party that is a non-resident of a Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or (ii) any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank), in each 
case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base Currency, Subject 
Currency and/or Subject Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm 
quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations under 
the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (or, if different, the day on which rates for such Averaging 
Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would, in the 
ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant Price Source or EM FX Price Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, 
or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Knock-in Determination 
Day shall be delayed in accordance with the corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which 
shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Knock-In Determination 
Day.  
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date.  
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A):  
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier (x) or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range on a Knock-in Determination Day 
or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 227 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
227 
 
 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the FX Knock-in Barrier or the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as 
such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Condition 1(b). 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-In 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-In Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-EM Valuation and Disruption 
Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and 
Disruption Provisions). 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as 
such in the Final Terms or in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-
in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Knock-Out Determination 
Day shall be delayed in accordance with the corresponding provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which 
shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Knock-Out 
Determination Day. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than,  
(ii) 
greater than or equal to,  
(iii) 
less than, or  
(iv) 
less than or equal to,  
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range, (x) on a Knock-out Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms.  
"Knock-out Barrier" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Rate 
Condition 1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(b). 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-Out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-Out 
Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-EM Valuation and Disruption 
Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and 
Disruption Provisions).

--- Page 228 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
228 
 
 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified 
as such in the Final Terms or in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the 
Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events specified as 
Disruption Events or, as the case may be, EM Disruption Events) in the Subject Currency Jurisdiction beyond the 
control of the parties to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes which makes it impossible (A) for a party 
to fulfil its obligations under the hedging arrangement or (B) generally to fulfil obligations similar to such party's 
obligations under that hedging arrangement. 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by any 
Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes of all or 
substantially all of its assets in the Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the Final Terms or, if any such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the 
relevant Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is the Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 1(b) shall apply; or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph 
(b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) 
shall apply. 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the EM Primary Rate differs from 
any EM Secondary Rate by at least the EM Price Materiality Percentage or if there are insufficient responses on 
the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination 
Day to any survey used to calculate any such rate, then the EM Price Materiality Percentage will be deemed to be 
met.  
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or reporting the rate or 
rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which FX rate is 
calculated and, where the FX rate is specified in the Final Terms as: 
(i) 
USD/ARS; 
(ii) 
USD/BRL; or  
(iii) 
any other FX rate in respect of which the Calculation Agent determines that, as of the Issue Date, the 
relevant EMTA Template Terms for such rate (if any) specifies that Price Source Disruption includes Exchange 
Rate Divergence,  
then Price Source Disruption shall include Exchange Rate Divergence. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Final Terms or any successor to such 
page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means:  
(a) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as not applicable in respect of a Subject 
Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a Disruption Event 
would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the 
market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal financial centre of each of the Base 
Currency and the Subject Currency or Subject Currencies. In the case of euro, for these purposes, the 
principal financial centre shall be deemed to mean each of Frankfurt and Brussels; and 
(b) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject 
Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption 
Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with

--- Page 229 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
229 
 
 
the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each EM Scheduled Trading Day 
Jurisdiction specified in the Final Terms Provided That where the Subject Currency is BRL, then 
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination 
Day or Knock-Out Determination Day falls on a date that, as the Trade Date, is not a scheduled day on 
which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have 
been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice 
of the foreign exchange market) in New York City (an "NYC Business Day"), then no adjustment to 
such date shall be made on account of the fact that such date is not an NYC Business Day. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes Condition 1 or 2 
or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes Condition 1(b) or 2(b) above, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes relating to a basket of Subject Currencies and 
in respect of each Subject Currency: 
(A) 
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the spot rate of exchange 
appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation 
Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is not specified 
in the Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day 
or Knock-Out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, 
an Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base Currency 
(expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such Subject Currency for which 
one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the 
arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid 
and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates (expressed as aforesaid) at 
the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as 
applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may be, of two or 
more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange 
market (as selected by the Calculation Agent), multiplied by the relevant Weighting (if 
applicable); or 
(B) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the rate of exchange appearing 
on the EM FX Price Source at the EM Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or 
Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the 
Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency per one unit of the Base 
Currency for settlement on the EM Number of Settlement Days, multiplied by the 
relevant Weighting (if applicable); and 
(b) 
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes relating to a single Subject Currency: 
(A) 
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Final Terms, an amount equal to the spot rate 
of exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time or Knock-
in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is 
not specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified 
in the Final Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency into 
the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Subject 
Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate 
is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places 
(with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates 
(expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-
out Valuation Time, as applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging 
Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may

--- Page 230 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
230 
 
 
be, of two or more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign 
exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent); or 
(B) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the rate of exchange appearing 
on the EM FX Price Source at the EM Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or 
Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the 
Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or 
Knock-Out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency per one unit of the Base 
Currency for settlement on the EM Number of Settlement Days. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Strike Date, Observation Date 
or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
(a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject 
Currency in the Final Terms, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Note Condition 1(b) or, or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as 
applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set 
out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case 
the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Final Terms. 
"Subject Currency" means the currency(ies) specified as such in the Final Terms (together, "Subject 
Currencies"). 
"Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the relevant Subject Currency is the lawful 
currency. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a Scheduled Trading Day and the market was not aware of such 
fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) until a time later 
than 9:00 a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the Subject Currency two Scheduled Trading Days 
prior to the relevant scheduled Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-
Out Determination Day. 
"Valid Date" means, in respect of an Averaging Date or an Observation Date or Knock-In Determination Day or 
Knock-Out Determination Day, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date or Observation Date or Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, 
respectively, does not occur. 
"Valuation Date" means any Strike Date, Coupon Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Subject Currency, (a) 
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of such Subject Currency 
in the Final Terms, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 1(b) shall apply; or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph 
(b) day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 
2(b) shall apply.

--- Page 231 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
231 
 
 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the time at which the Price Source 
publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated. 
"Weighting" means, in relation to a Subject Currency, the weighting to be applied to it as specified in the Final 
Terms or if no such weighting is so specified then no such weighting shall apply.

--- Page 232 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
232 
 
 
ANNEX 8 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Credit Linked Notes shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Credit Linked Notes set out below 
(the "Credit Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Credit Linked Conditions, the Credit Linked Conditions 
shall prevail. 
Unless otherwise stated in these Credit Linked Conditions or in the Final Terms, in the event that any day specified 
in the section "Credit Linked Interest/Redemption" in the Final Terms or the last day of any period calculated by 
reference to calendar days falls on a day that is not a Business Day, such day or last day shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention. 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes for which more than one Reference Entity or Index is specified in the Final 
Terms, all references to "the Reference Entity" or to "the Index" herein shall be construed to refer to the 
Reference Entity or the Index in respect of which the relevant determination falls to be made at any relevant time 
and all related provisions and determinations will be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt no Credit Linked Notes will be considered frustrated, or otherwise void or voidable 
(whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity or Index does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade 
Date; and/or 
(b) 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations, Valuation Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, 
or cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
Credit Linked Notes may take the form of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, First-to-Default Credit 
Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Credit Linked Notes 
or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes. In the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Credit Linked 
Notes, the Notes may be either Non-Tranched ("Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes" or "Non-
Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes", as the case may be) to which either Credit Payment on Maturity or 
Credit Payment As You Go will apply or Tranched ("Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes" or 
"Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes") (as the case may be). In addition, Index Credit Linked Notes may be 
Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes ("Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes"). Notwithstanding 
the use of the term "Index", Index Credit Linked Notes are not Index Linked Notes. A Credit Linked Note may 
also be a Zero Coupon Note.  
Credit Linked Notes may be issued in respect of which: 
(a) 
"Credit Linked Interest" is applicable but "Credit Linked Redemption" is not applicable; 
(b) 
"Credit Linked Interest" is not applicable but "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable; and 
(c) 
"Credit Linked Interest" and "Credit Linked Redemption" are both applicable. 
If "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable, Credit Linked Condition 5 shall apply in respect of the Notes. If "Credit 
Linked Interest" is not applicable, Credit Linked Condition 5 shall not apply in respect of the Notes. 
If "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, Credit Linked Condition 1 and other Credit Linked Conditions 
relevant in respect of redemption following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date shall apply in 
respect of the Notes. If "Credit Linked Redemption" is not applicable, Credit Linked Condition 1 and other Credit 
Linked Conditions relevant in respect of redemption following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination 
Date shall not apply in respect of the Notes.  
The Final Terms shall specify, inter alia: 
(a) 
the type of Credit Linked Notes; 
(b) 
whether the "Credit Linked Interest" and/or "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable; 
(c) 
the Settlement Method (if applicable) and, where Auction Settlement applies, the applicable Fallback 
Settlement Method; 
(d) 
the Reference Entity or Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event may occur or, in the case 
of Index Credit Linked Notes, the relevant Index Annex;

--- Page 233 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
233 
 
 
(e) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any) in respect of each Reference Entity or, in the case of Index Credit 
Linked Notes, the relevant Index Annex; 
(f) 
the Trade Date, the Scheduled Maturity Date and if different from the Scheduled Maturity Date, the 
Credit Observation End Date; 
(g) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount (if applicable) in respect of each Reference Entity; 
(h) 
the Long Nominal Exposure Percentage and the Short Nominal Exposure Percentage (if applicable) in 
respect of the Long/Short Credit Linked Notes;  
(i) 
"H" and "L" in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes; 
(j) 
the Attachment Point(s) and the Exhaustion Point(s) in the case of Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes 
or Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes;  
(k) 
the applicable Credit Multiplier, Credit Event Reduction Factor, Specified Interest Amount Multiplier, 
LLM and/or SLM (in each case to the extent applicable); and 
(l) 
the Transaction Type applicable to each Reference Entity if Physical Settlement Matrix is specified as 
being applicable in the Final Terms. 
Certain elections in respect of Credit Linked Notes and one or more Reference Entities may be made by specifying 
that the Physical Settlement Matrix is applicable in the Final Terms. In this case the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 20 apply. 
In the case of Index Linked Notes, certain information relating to the Credit Index will be as specified in the Index 
Annex named in the Final Terms. 
The application of any of Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11 below shall, for the avoidance of doubt, not 
preclude the application of any other such Credit Linked Condition either contemporaneously or subsequently and 
in the event that any such provisions are inconsistent or the Calculation Agent becomes entitled to exercise a 
discretion under one or more of such provisions, the Calculation Agent may elect in its discretion which provision 
shall apply and under which provision or provisions it shall exercise its discretion. 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled and provided that a Credit Event Determination 
Date has not occurred in respect of any Reference Entity, the Issuer shall redeem each Credit Linked 
Note on the Maturity Date by payment of the Final Redemption Amount. If a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity and "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable in 
the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Credit Linked Note as described below. References in these 
Credit Linked Conditions to a Credit Linked Note or a Note are, unless the context otherwise requires, 
to a nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount. Any payment of a "pro 
rata" amount in respect of a Note will be determined by reference to its nominal amount relative to the 
then Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes. 
(b) 
Where the Notes are Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes and "Credit Linked Redemption" is 
applicable in the Final Terms, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in relation to the 
Reference Entity, then the Notes will be settled in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit 
Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable or, if the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery 
Notes, the provisions of paragraph (h) below will apply. 
(c) 
Where the Notes are First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred in relation to any of the specified Reference Entities and "Credit Linked Redemption" is 
applicable in the Final Terms, then the Notes will be settled in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, in relation only to the First 
Reference Entity (as defined in the definition of Credit Event Determination Date) or, if the Notes are 
Zero/Set Recovery Notes, the provisions of paragraph (h) below will apply. 
(d) 
Where the Notes are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred in relation to one or more of the specified Reference Entities and "Credit Linked Redemption" 
is applicable in the Final Terms, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in these Credit Linked 
Conditions, no settlement in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or 
Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, will occur until such time as a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred in respect of the Relevant Number of Reference Entities (a "Trigger"). The Reference 
Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred which causes the Trigger to

--- Page 234 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
234 
 
 
occur is referred to as the "Triggering Reference Entity" and the Relevant Number is the number 
specified as such in the Final Terms. As of the day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the Relevant Number of References Entities 
then (i) Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as 
applicable, shall apply in relation only to the Triggering Reference Entity or (ii) if the Notes are Zero/Set 
Recovery Notes, the provisions of paragraph (h) below will apply. 
(e) 
Where the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes to which Credit Payment on Maturity applies, Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short 
Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any specified 
Reference Entity and "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable in the Final Terms, then, in respect of 
each Credit Linked Note, each Note shall be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption Amount on the 
Credit Event Redemption Date, subject as provided in paragraph (i) below. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph (e) will apply in relation to each Reference Entity in respect 
of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred. 
In respect of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and for the avoidance of doubt, where a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to a number of Reference Entities that is equal to or 
less than L (as defined below), then the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be par. 
In respect of Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes and for the avoidance of doubt, where the Attachment 
Point is not exceeded by the Aggregate Loss Percentage following the occurrence of any Credit Event 
Determination Date, then the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be par. 
In respect of Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes and for the avoidance of doubt, where the 
relevant Attachment Point is not exceeded by the relevant Aggregate Loss Percentage following the 
occurrence of any Credit Event Determination Date in respect of each of the Basket Tranched Index 
Components, then the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be par. 
Prior to each date on which a payment is due on the Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall procure that 
Noteholders are notified in accordance with Condition 13 of each Credit Event that has occurred since 
the previous payment date, provided that any delay or failure in the delivery of a such notice shall not 
affect the validity of any Credit Event Determination Date. 
(f) 
Where the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes to which Credit Payment As You Go applies and "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable 
in the Final Terms, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any specified 
Reference Entity: (i) the Issuer shall give notice in each case that a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred (such notice a "Settlement Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
13 and (ii) in respect of each Credit Linked Note: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall pay as an Instalment Amount for the purposes of General Condition 6(i) an 
amount equal to the relevant Credit Event Amount, if any, on the relevant Credit Event Payment 
Date which will be the relevant Instalment Date; and 
(ii) 
each Note shall be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption Amount on the Credit Event 
Redemption Date, provided that if on or prior to the Credit Event Redemption Date and save 
where any Protected Amount is payable, a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in 
respect of all the specified Reference Entities each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed 
(together with accrued interest, if any) at the final Credit Event Amount on the final Credit Event 
Payment Date, subject as provided in paragraph (i) below.  
For the avoidance of doubt part (i) of this provision will apply and part (ii) of this provision will apply in 
relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred. 
Any delay in the delivery of a Settlement Notice or failure by the Issuer to deliver a Settlement Notice 
shall not affect the validity of the Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the affected Reference 
Entity. 
(g) 
Where only a part of an issuance of Notes is credit linked (which will be the case where the Credit 
Multiplier is less than 1), references in these Credit Linked Conditions to the "Scheduled Maturity Date" 
shall be references to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the credit linked part of the Notes only and 
notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, the Maturity Date of the Notes shall be the later

--- Page 235 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
235 
 
 
of the Maturity Date determined in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, and the final 
Instalment Date specified in the Final Terms. 
(h) 
Where the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes then if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred 
in respect of any Reference Entity (in the case of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Credit Linked Notes, First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes or 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes) or in respect of the Triggering Reference Entity (in the case of Nth-to-
Default Credit Linked Notes) then following a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of any such 
Reference Entity the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 2, 3 or 4 will not apply but (i) each Single 
Reference Entity Credit Linked Note, First-to-Default Credit Linked Note and Nth-to-Default Credit 
Linked Note will be redeemed by payment of the Credit Event Redemption Amount, if any, on the Credit 
Event Redemption Date together with accrued interest, if any, and (ii) each Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Note, Index Credit Linked Note or Long/Short Credit Linked Note may be redeemed (or otherwise) as 
provided in paragraph (e) or (f) above, as applicable and/or paragraph (i) below, if applicable. 
(i) 
Where any Credit Event Redemption Amount is zero (whether the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes 
or otherwise) then, other than for the payment of any accrued interest or any other due but unpaid amounts 
or any interest amount not subject to the Credit Linked Conditions, the Notes will be cancelled as of the 
Credit Event Redemption Date or, if other, the day on which it is determined that the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount is or would be, were it to be so calculated in respect of such day, zero with no 
payment being due other than any final amount of accrued interest or any other due but unpaid amounts. 
The Issuer will have no further obligations in respect of the Credit Linked Notes. 
(j) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount in respect of Zero Coupon Notes 
is equal to 100 per cent. of their face amount. 
(k) 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 and 11 may each apply 
to First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes and Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes meaning that subject to 
paragraph 1(g) above, the Maturity Date may be delayed beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date in certain 
circumstances. 
(l) 
If any purchase and cancellation of Notes occurs under General Condition 6(g) or any further issue under 
General Condition 12, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustments to the applicable Final Terms 
and/or these Credit Linked Conditions as it determines appropriate (including Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts) to ensure the Notes continue to reflect economic intentions. 
2. 
Auction Settlement 
(a) 
Where Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the Final Terms and a 
Credit Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall give notice (such notice an "Auction Settlement Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13, and, subject to these Credit Linked Conditions where "Credit Linked 
Redemption" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms only, in particular Credit Linked Condition 1, 
redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note being redeemed by 
the Issuer at the Credit Event Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Notes Currency on the Credit 
Event Redemption Date. 
(b) 
Unless settlement has occurred in accordance with the paragraph above, if: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where such No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraphs (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date, the Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option); 
(iii) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(iv) 
a Credit Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph a(i) of the definition 
of Credit Event Determination Date or paragraph (a) of the definition of Non-Standard Credit 
Event Determination Date and no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred in respect 
of the relevant Credit Event on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after such Credit 
Event Determination Date, 
then:

--- Page 236 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
236 
 
 
(x) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Cash Settlement is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 3 below; or 
(y) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 4 below. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable in accordance 
with this Credit Linked Condition 2, upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption Amounts in respect 
of the Notes, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the Notes and shall have no 
other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Credit Event Redemption Amount may 
be less than the nominal amount of a Credit Linked Note. Any shortfall shall be borne by the 
Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor. For the avoidance of doubt, 
following redemption of a portion of the Notes in accordance with the foregoing, the Issuer may still 
have payment obligations in respect of any outstanding portion of the Notes. 
3. 
Cash Settlement 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, then where Cash Settlement is specified as the 
applicable Settlement Method in the Final Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(b)(iv)(x) above applies, 
the Issuer shall give notice (such notice a "Cash Settlement Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13, and, where "Credit Linked Redemption" is specified as applicable, subject 
to these Credit Linked Conditions, in particular Credit Linked Condition 1, redeem all but not some only 
of the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note being redeemed by the Issuer at the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Notes Currency on the Credit Event Redemption Date. 
If Cash Settlement applies and "Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and Restructuring 
is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then, unless the Valuation Obligation is a 
Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a 
Valuation Obligation may be included in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio only if it (i) is a Fully 
Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation Date in each case as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant 
for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. 
If Cash Settlement applies and "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Valuation 
Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental 
Intervention, a Valuation Obligation may be included in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio only if it (i) 
is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of each such date as the Calculation 
Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. For the purposes of this paragraph 
only and notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity 
date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be 
deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan 
immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable in accordance 
with this Credit Linked Condition 3, upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption Amounts in respect 
of the Notes, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the Notes and shall have no 
other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Credit Event Redemption Amount may 
be less than the nominal amount of a Credit Linked Note. Any shortfall shall be borne by the 
Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor. For the avoidance of doubt, 
following redemption of a portion of the Notes in accordance with the foregoing, the Issuer may still 
have payment obligations in respect of any outstanding portion of the Notes. 
4. 
Physical Settlement 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, then where Physical Delivery is specified as the 
applicable Settlement Method in the Final Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(b)(iv)(y) above applies, 
then, subject to any prior redemption, the Issuer shall, following the receipt of a Calculation Agent 
Physical Settlement Notice, give notice (such notice a "Notice of Physical Settlement") to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13, and where "Credit Linked Redemption" is 
specified as applicable subject to these Credit Linked Conditions, in particular Credit Linked Condition 
1, redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note being redeemed by

--- Page 237 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
237 
 
 
the Issuer by the Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Entitlement on the Credit 
Settlement Date, subject to and in accordance with the General Conditions and these Credit Linked 
Conditions. The relevant Asset Package, if applicable, will be deemed to be a Deliverable Obligation and 
the composition of the Asset Package and the Entitlement in respect of each Credit Linked Note equal to 
the Calculation Amount will be determined by reference to the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond specified in the relevant Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, as applicable. Where appropriate the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment 
in relation to provisions for physical delivery and determination of the Entitlement to take account of the 
relevant Asset Package. 
In the Notice of Physical Settlement, the Issuer shall specify the Deliverable Obligations comprising the 
Entitlement that it reasonably expects to Deliver. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to select any of the Deliverable Obligations to constitute the Entitlement, irrespective of their market 
value. The Notice of Physical Settlement shall include (i) details of the relevant Reference Entity, (ii) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, or the equivalent amount in 
the Settlement Currency (in each case the relevant "Outstanding Amount") and, if different, the face 
amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation. The aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement that the Issuer intends to Deliver shall be the 
relevant "Aggregate Outstanding Amount". 
The Issuer may, from time to time, amend a Notice of Physical Settlement by delivering a notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13, (each such notification, a "Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice") that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, one or more Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of the 
date such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice is effective). A Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice shall specify each replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer will Deliver (each, a 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation") and shall also specify the Outstanding Amount of each 
Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced (with respect to each such Deliverable 
Obligation, the "Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount"). The Outstanding Amount 
of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in the Physical Settlement Amendment Notice 
shall be determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount of the Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation(s) specified in any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice in aggregate with the Outstanding 
Amount of the Deliverable Obligation(s) specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any earlier 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice which, in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater 
than the Aggregate Outstanding Amount. Each such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice must be 
effective on or prior to the Credit Settlement Date (determined without reference to any change resulting 
from such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Issuer may 
correct any errors or inconsistencies contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13, prior to the relevant Delivery Date; and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, the 
Issuer shall on the PSN Effective Date, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (but in any case, 
prior to the Delivery Date), notify the Noteholders (in accordance with General Condition 13) of the 
detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that the Issuer will Deliver in lieu of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being understood in each case 
that any such notice of correction shall not constitute a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice. 
If Physical Settlement applies and "Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then, unless the Deliverable 
Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental 
Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may be included in the Entitlement only if it (i) is a Fully 
Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation Date in each case as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant 
for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. 
If Physical Settlement applies and "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable 
Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental 
Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may be included in the Entitlement only if it (i) is a Conditionally

--- Page 238 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
238 
 
 
Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of each such date as the Calculation Agent 
determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. For the purposes of this paragraph only 
and notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date 
on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed 
to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately 
prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable in accordance 
with this Credit Linked Condition 4, upon Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations and/or payment of 
the Partial Cash Settlement Amounts, as the case may be, the Issuer shall have discharged its 
obligations in respect of the Notes and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect 
thereof. The value of such Deliverable Obligations and/or the Partial Cash Settlement Amount, as the 
case may be, may be less than the nominal amount of a Credit Linked Note. Any shortfall shall be 
borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor. For the avoidance 
of doubt, following redemption of a portion of the Notes in accordance with the foregoing, the Issuer 
may still have payment obligations in respect of any outstanding portion of the Notes. 
5. 
Accrual of Interest  
(a) 
Where "Credit Linked Interest" is specified in the Final Terms to not apply or the Credit Linked 
Conditions are specified in the Final Terms not to apply to any interest provisions of the Notes then, 
notwithstanding the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, for such purposes, each Note will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with General Condition 4(g) up to but excluding the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (with such date being deemed to be the final Interest Payment Date).  
(b) 
If "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable but "Credit Linked Redemption" is not applicable, then 
notwithstanding "Credit Linked Redemption" is not applicable, any notice that the Issuer would be 
obliged under the Credit Linked Conditions to provide to Noteholders if "Credit Linked Redemption" 
were applicable, shall nevertheless be provided to Noteholders unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that such notice is not relevant given "Credit Linked Redemption" is not applicable. 
(c) 
Where the Notes are Single Reference Entity Notes, First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, or Nth-to-
Default Credit Linked Notes, and "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable in the Final Terms, then, subject 
as provided in paragraph (d) in respect of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, if and to the extent that: 
(i) 
"Accrual of Interest up to Credit Event" is specified in the Final Terms as not applicable to any 
interest provisions of the Notes then, notwithstanding General Condition 4(g), each Note to 
which the Credit Linked Conditions apply shall, to the extent to which "Credit Linked Interest" 
is expressed to apply to such Notes, cease to bear interest from the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination Date, or if the Credit Event 
Determination Date is an Interest Payment Date such Interest Payment Date, or, if the Credit 
Event Determination Date falls prior to the first Interest Payment Date, no interest shall accrue 
on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
"Accrual of Interest up to Credit Event" is specified in the Final Terms as applicable to any 
interest provisions of the Notes then, notwithstanding General Condition 4(g), each Note to 
which the Credit Linked Conditions apply shall, to the extent to which "Credit Linked Interest" 
is expressed to apply to such Notes, cease to bear interest from the Credit Event Determination 
Date; and 
provided that, in the case of (i) or (ii) if: 
(x) 
Credit Linked Condition 6, Credit Linked Condition 7 or Credit Linked Condition 8 
applies in respect of the Notes and, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 6, a 
Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date or, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 7, a Failure to Pay has not 
occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date or, in the case of Credit Linked 
Condition 8, a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC Cut-off Date, as the 
case may be; and/or 
(y) 
Credit Linked Condition 9 applies in respect of the Notes and a Credit Event 
Determination Date or the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition, as 
applicable, has not occurred or are not satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Maturity 
Date,

--- Page 239 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
239 
 
 
then to the extent that "Credit Linked Interest" is expressed to apply to the Notes, interest will accrue as 
provided in Credit Linked Condition 6, Credit Linked Condition 7, Credit Linked Condition 8 or Credit 
Linked Condition 9, as the case may be. 
(d) 
Where the Notes are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes and "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable, no 
interest adjustment in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 5 will occur until such time as a 
Trigger has occurred. As of the day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Trigger has 
occurred, then the Credit Event Determination Date will be deemed to have occurred only on such day. 
(e) 
Where the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes to which Credit Payment on Maturity applies, Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short 
Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any specified 
Reference Entity and "Credit Linked Interest" is specified as applicable then, in respect of each Credit 
Linked Note unless the Credit Linked Note is a Zero Coupon Note, the interest calculation basis described 
in paragraph (g) below will apply.  
For the avoidance of doubt paragraph (e) above will apply in relation to each Reference Entity in respect 
of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred. 
(f) 
Where the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes to which Credit Payment As You Go applies and "Credit Linked Interest" is specified as 
applicable then, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any specified Reference 
Entity: (i) the Issuer shall give notice in each case that a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred 
(such notice a "Settlement Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 and (ii) 
in respect of each Credit Linked Note unless the Credit Linked Note is a Zero Coupon Note, the interest 
calculation basis described in paragraph (g) below will apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt paragraph (f) above will apply in relation to each Reference Entity in respect 
of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred. 
Any delay in the delivery of a Settlement Notice or failure by the Issuer to deliver a Settlement Notice 
shall not affect the validity of the Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the affected Reference 
Entity. 
(g) 
In the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit 
Linked Notes, each Note will bear interest pursuant to, and in accordance with, General Condition 4, and 
for such purposes the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes shall be deemed to be the 
Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount or, in the case of each of General Condition 4(a)(y) or 
4(b)(v)(B), the Calculation Amount shall be deemed to be each Note's pro rata share of the Adjusted 
Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount, in each case on the relevant Interest Payment Date or the relevant 
date for payment pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
paragraph (g) is intended to apply to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Credit Linked Notes or 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, subject to the provisions of sub-
paragraph (h) below. 
(h) 
For these purposes "Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount" means, on any Interest Payment 
Date or date for payment pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9, or 11:  
(i) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount multiplied by the Credit Multiplier 
minus (ii) the product of (a) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount multiplied by the Credit 
Multiplier and (b) a fraction with (x) the original aggregate Reference Entity Notional Amounts 
of Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred on or 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or date for payment pursuant to Credit Linked 
Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11, as the case may be, as numerator and (y) the original aggregate 
Reference Entity Notional Amounts of the original number of Reference Entities to which the 
Notes related, in each case as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, as denominator;  
(ii) 
in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[ 𝑎𝑔𝑔𝑟𝑒𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑜𝑢𝑡𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑎𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡∗𝐶𝑀] ∗(1 − (
1
𝐻−𝐿) ∗𝑀𝑖𝑛 𝐻−𝐿 ; 𝑀𝑎𝑥  𝑁−𝐿; 0] )] 
Where,

--- Page 240 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
240 
 
 
"CM" means Credit Multiplier, which if specified as "Not applicable" in the Final Terms shall 
be equal to 1; 
"H" means the higher tranche level, expressed as a number of Reference Entities as specified in 
the Final Terms; 
"L" means the lower tranche level, expressed as a number of Reference Entities as specified in 
the Final Terms; and 
"N" means the number of Reference Entities for which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[ 𝑎𝑔𝑔𝑟𝑒𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑜𝑢𝑡𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑎𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡∗𝐶𝑀] ∗(1 − (
1
𝐸𝑃−𝐴𝑃) ∗𝑀𝑖𝑛 𝐸𝑃−𝐴𝑃 ; 𝑀𝑎𝑥  𝐴𝐿𝑃−𝐴𝑃; 0] )] 
Where, 
"ALP" means the Aggregate Loss Percentage; 
"AP" means the Attachment Point; 
"CM" means Credit Multiplier, which if specified as "Not applicable" in the Final Terms shall 
be equal to 1; 
"EP" means the Exhaustion Point. 
(iv) 
In the case of Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
"ALPz" means the Aggregate Loss Percentagez in respect of Basket Tranched Index 
Componentz being the Aggregate Loss Percentage determined in respect of Basket 
Tranched Index Componentz; 
"APz" means the Attachment Pointz in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as 
indicated in the Final Terms; 
"CWz" is the "Component Weightingz" of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in 
the Final Terms; 
"EPz" means the Exhaustion Pointz in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as 
indicated in the Final Terms; and  
"z" means the number of Basket Tranched Index Components comprising the Basket Tranched 
Index Credit Linked Notes; 
(v) 
In the case of Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
to be equal to the amount that would be: 
(i) 
where the Long Exposure comprises Single Reference Entity Exposure, First-to-
Default Exposure, or Nth-to-Default Exposure:  
(A) 
prior to the date on which such Long Exposure would cease to accrue interest 
under paragraph (b) above if, as applicable, a Single Reference Entity 
Exposure were Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, a First-to-
Default Exposure were First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes and a Nth-to-
Default Exposure were Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes; and  
(B) 
on or after the date on which such Long Exposure would cease to accrue 
interest under paragraph (b) above if, as applicable, a Single Reference Entity 
Exposure were Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, a First-to-
Default Exposure were First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes and a Nth-to-
Default Exposure were Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, zero; or

--- Page 241 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
241 
 
 
(ii) 
where the Long Exposure comprises Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, Non-
Tranched Index Exposure, Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, Tranched Index 
Exposure or Basket Tranched Index Exposure, the Adjusted Credit Outstanding 
Nominal Amount of the Notes determined by the Calculation Agent as if  
(A) 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount was equal to the Long Nominal 
Amount; and  
(B) 
as applicable, a Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure were Non-Tranched 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, a Non-Tranched Index Exposure were 
Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, a Tranched Linear Basket 
Exposure were Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, a Tranched 
Index Exposure were Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or a Basket 
Tranched Index Exposure were Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes; 
and sub-paragraphs (h)(i) to (iv) were construed accordingly. 
6. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
If "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as a Credit Event in the Final Terms, the provisions of this 
Credit Linked Condition 6 shall apply. 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation End 
Date or any Interest Payment Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) but the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been satisfied on or prior to the Credit Observation 
End Date or any Interest Payment Date or, if Credit Linked Condition 9(y) applies, the Postponed 
Maturity Date or Postponed Interest Payment Date (as defined in Credit Linked Condition 9) and the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may, in 
the sole determination of the Calculation Agent, fall after the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant 
Interest Payment Date, then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and the maturity of the 
Notes and/or relevant interest payment will be delayed and: 
(a) 
in relation to such event as of the Scheduled Maturity Date, where a Repudiation/Moratorium has not 
occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date: 
(i) 
each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day following the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if later, the Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes and to the extent that the "Credit Linked 
Interest" is stated to be applicable to such Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest (if 
any) calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such 
payment of interest on the fifth Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date or, if later, the Postponed Maturity Date and no further or other amount in respect of 
interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, no amount in addition to the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(b) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date and a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, 
the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 1, Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or 
Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(c) 
in relation to such event as of an Interest Payment Date and where "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable, 
the Calculation Agent may delay the relevant amount of interest which would otherwise be payable on 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. In this case where (i) a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on 
or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date then the relevant amount of interest shall be 
payable on the second Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if later, 
the Postponed Interest Payment Date but no additional interest will be payable in respect of the relevant 
delay and for the avoidance of doubt no amendment will be made to any Interest Period or basis of 
calculation of the relevant amount of interest, other than as described above; or (ii) where a 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date and a

--- Page 242 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
242 
 
 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred thereafter, the relevant amount of interest will be adjusted 
accordingly and may be zero and will be payable on the second Business Day following the applicable 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if later, the Postponed Interest Payment Date. 
7. 
Grace Period Extension 
If "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or applies pursuant to 
application of the Physical Settlement Matrix), the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 7 shall 
apply. 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation End 
Date or any Interest Payment Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) but, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or 
more Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Credit Observation 
End Date or relevant Interest Payment Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) (and such 
Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date), 
then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 that a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and the maturity of the Notes and/or relevant interest payment will 
be delayed and: 
(a) 
in relation to a Potential Failure to Pay existing as of the Scheduled Maturity Date, where a Failure to 
Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date: 
(i) 
each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day following the Grace 
Period Extension Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes and to the extent that the "Credit Linked 
Interest" is applicable, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest calculated as provided herein, 
accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the fifth Business 
Day following the Grace Period Extension Date and no further or other amount in respect of 
interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, no amount in addition to the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(b) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, to the extent that the Credit Linked Conditions are stated to apply to 
such Notes and "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 1, 
Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall 
apply to the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(c) 
in relation to such event as of an Interest Payment Date and where "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable, 
the Calculation Agent may delay the relevant amount of interest which would otherwise be payable on 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. In this case where (i) a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior to 
the Grace Period Extension Date then the relevant amount of interest shall be payable on the second 
Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date but no additional interest will be payable in 
respect of the relevant delay and for the avoidance of doubt no amendment will be made to any Interest 
Period or basis of calculation of the relevant amount of interest, other than as described above; or (ii) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred thereafter, the relevant amount of interest will be adjusted accordingly 
and may be zero and will be payable on the second Business Day following the applicable Grace Period 
Extension Date. 
8. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the 
Credit Observation End Date or any Interest Payment Date and the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has not made its determination on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or any Interest 
Payment Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) then the Calculation Agent shall notify 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 that the Maturity Date (where "Credit Linked 
Redemption" is applicable) or relevant Interest Payment Date (where "Credit Linked Interest" is 
applicable) has been postponed to a date (the "DC Determination Cut-off Date") being the day falling

--- Page 243 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
243 
 
 
(i) (a) if the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has occurred, 
fifteen (15) Business Days following the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or (b) if the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has not occurred, the second 
Business Day following the relevant DC No Credit Event Announcement or, if later (ii) fifteen (15) 
Business Days following the DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, and: 
(a) 
in the case of the Maturity Date, where a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC 
Determination Cut-off Date: 
(i) 
each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day following the DC 
Determination Cut-off Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes and to the extent that the "Credit Linked 
Interest" is applicable to such Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest calculated as 
provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or if none the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of 
interest on the fifth Business Day following the DC Determination Cut-off Date and no further 
or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable 
in respect of such delay; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, no amount in addition to the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(b) 
where a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date and a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred and where "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, to the extent that 
the Credit Linked Conditions are stated to apply to such Notes, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 
1, Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, 
shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(c) 
in relation to such event as of an Interest Payment Date and where "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable, 
the Calculation Agent may delay the relevant amount of interest which would otherwise be payable on 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. In this case where (i) a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to 
the DC Determination Cut-off Date then the relevant amount of interest shall be payable on the second 
Business Day following the DC Determination Cut-off Date but no additional interest will be payable in 
respect of the relevant delay and for the avoidance of doubt no amendment will be made to any Interest 
Period or basis of calculation of the relevant amount of interest, other than as described above; or (ii) 
where a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date and a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred thereafter, the relevant amount of interest will be adjusted accordingly 
and may be zero and will be payable on the second Business Day following the applicable DC 
Determination Cut-off Date. 
9. 
Maturity Date/Interest Payment Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
The following provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 9 apply to Credit Linked Notes and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, may be applied on more than one occasion. The provisions of this Condition 9 shall 
only apply to postpone any payment of principal in respect of the Maturity Date if "Credit Linked 
Redemption" is applicable and/or to postpone any payment of interest in respect of any Interest Payment 
Date if "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable.  
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 11, if: 
(x) 
on (A) the Scheduled Maturity Date or any Interest Payment Date, (B), if applicable, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, (C) if Grace Period Extension is specified as 
applying in the Final Terms, the Grace Period Extension Date, (D) the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period or (E) the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, a Credit Event 
Determination Date has not occurred but, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Credit 
Event or Potential Credit Event may have occurred or may occur; or 
(y) 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date or any Interest Payment Date, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may have occurred or may occur, 
the Calculation Agent may at its option notify the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 
that the Maturity Date, the relevant Interest Payment Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, 
the Grace Period Extension Date, the last day of the Notice Delivery Period or the DC Determination

--- Page 244 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
244 
 
 
Cut-off Date, as the case may be, has been postponed to a date (such date the "Postponed Maturity 
Date" or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date, the "Postponed Interest Payment Date") specified 
in such notice falling fifteen (15) Business Days after the Credit Observation End Date, the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or Grace Period Extension 
Date, or the last day of the Notice Delivery Period or the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case 
may be, or if such day is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day, and: 
where: 
(i) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(x), a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred 
on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or relevant Postponed Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is 
not satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or relevant Postponed Interest Payment 
Date: 
(ii) 
subject as provided below, in the case of a Postponed Maturity Date each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day following the 
Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(iii) 
in the case of a Postponed Maturity Date and interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, to the extent 
that "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable to such Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
interest calculated as provided herein accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such 
payment of interest on the fifth Business Day following the Postponed Maturity Date and no 
further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be 
payable in respect of such delay; or 
(iv) 
in the case of a Postponed Interest Payment Date, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay the relevant 
amount of interest on the second Business Day following the Postponed Interest Payment Date 
and no further or other amounts in respect of interest shall be payable as a result of such delay; 
or 
(v) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, no amount in addition to the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(b) 
where: 
(i) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(x), a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred on 
or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or relevant Postponed Interest Payment Date and where 
"Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 1, Credit 
Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, 
shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition 
is satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or relevant Postponed Interest Payment 
Date and where "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 1 or Credit Linked Condition 6 shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Credit Linked Conditions, no Credit Event may occur after 
the Credit Observation End Date unless that Credit Event occurs as a result of and is related to a Potential 
Failure to Pay, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or a Credit Event Resolution Request Date which 
occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date 
10. 
Partial Cash Settlement 
If all or a portion of the Obligations comprising the Entitlement are Undeliverable Obligations and/or 
Hedge Disruption Obligations, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Partial Cash Settlement Notice") to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 and the Issuer shall pay in respect of each 
Undeliverable Obligation and/or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, the Partial Cash 
Settlement Amount on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
In the Partial Cash Settlement Notice, the Issuer must give details of why it is unable to deliver the 
relevant Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be.

--- Page 245 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
245 
 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, for the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 10 only 
the following terms shall be defined as follows and such definitions will apply notwithstanding other 
definitions of such terms in Credit Linked Condition 13: 
"Indicative Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each quotation obtained from 
a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably practicable) an amount of the 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, equal to the Quotation 
Amount, which reflects such Quotation Dealer's reasonable assessment of the price of such Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, based on such factors as such Quotation 
Dealer may consider relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery rates. 
"Market Value" means, with respect to an Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as 
the case may be, on a Valuation Date, (i) if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic 
mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then one of such 
highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (ii) if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, 
the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than 
one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest 
Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (iii) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic 
mean of such Full Quotations; (iv) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and a Weighted 
Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (v) if Indicative Quotations are 
specified as applying in the Final Terms and exactly three Indicative Quotations are obtained, the 
Indicative Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Indicative Quotations (and, if 
more than one such Indicative Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest 
or lowest Indicative Quotations shall be disregarded); (vi) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained 
and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained (and, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than 
three Indicative Quotations are obtained) then, subject to paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation" 
below, an amount as determined by the Calculation Agent on the next Business Day on which at least 
two Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation or, if applicable, three Indicative Quotations are 
obtained; and (vii) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation 
is obtained (and, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than three Indicative Quotations are 
obtained) on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation Date 
the Market Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time 
on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm 
quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) for the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations 
were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm 
quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) were not obtained on such day. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Amount" is deemed to be, for an Undeliverable Obligation or a Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
greater of (i) (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable Amount or the Currency 
Amount, as applicable, of each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case 
may be, multiplied by (B) the Final Price with respect to such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, determined as provided in this Credit Linked Condition less if applicable (C) a 
pro rata share of Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in 
calculating the relevant Entitlement), and (ii) zero provided that where (i) the relevant Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation forms part of the Asset Package and the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole discretion that a Final Price cannot reasonably be determined in respect of such 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, then the Partial Cash Settlement Amount will 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion equal to the fair market value of 
the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation less Unwind Costs. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Date" is deemed to be the date falling three Business Days after the calculation 
of the Final Price. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation and, if Indicative Quotations 
are specified as applying in the Final Terms, each Indicative Quotation obtained and expressed as a 
percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the 
relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation with respect to a Valuation Date in 
the manner that follows:

--- Page 246 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
246 
 
 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation 
Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or 
more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation 
Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day 
thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation 
Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers, and, if two 
or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If two or more such 
Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not available on any such Business Day 
and Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall attempt to obtain three Indicative Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation (or, if Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the Final Terms, three 
Indicative Quotations) on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following 
the Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is 
obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) 
for the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, 
obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with respect 
to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and 
a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm 
quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) were not obtained on such day. 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market practice in the market 
of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, 
whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. All Quotations 
shall be obtained in accordance with this determination. 
"Quotation Amount" is deemed to be, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation or 
Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount equal to at least the Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency 
converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant 
Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligations, as the case may be. 
"Quotation Method" is deemed to be Bid. 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms, in which case 
the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or no election 
is specified in the Final Terms), (ii) there is no Standard Reference Obligation and either (iii) 
"Initially none" is specified in the Final Terms in respect of the Reference Obligation, or (iv) a 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the Final Terms, in which case the Reference 
Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of 
publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation 
from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is published 
would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or no election 
is specified in the Final Terms), the Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation 
and the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall 
cease to be the Reference Obligation and the Calculation Agent will select as a substitute 
Reference Obligation any Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant 
Seniority Level, provided that, if there is no Deliverable Obligation with the same level of 
seniority as the relevant Seniority Level, the Calculation Agent may select any Deliverable 
Obligation as a substitute Reference Obligation.  
In addition: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may at any time (x) replace the Reference Obligation with any 
Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level 
from time to time, provided that, if there is no Deliverable Obligation with the same

--- Page 247 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
247 
 
 
level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level, the Calculation Agent may select any 
Deliverable Obligation as the replacement Reference Obligation or (y) where there is 
no Reference Obligation, including for the avoidance of doubt where "Initially none" 
is specified in the Final Terms in respect of the Reference Obligation, select any 
Deliverable Obligation as the Reference Obligation; and 
(ii) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or no 
election is specified in the Final Terms) and a new obligation is placed on the SRO 
List in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, then the Calculation Agent may, but is 
not obliged to, select the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the 
Reference Entity as the Reference Obligation. The provisions of this definition may be 
applied by the Calculation Agent on more than one occasion and are without prejudice 
to the right of the Calculation Agent to determine a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Without prejudice to the paragraphs above: 
(a) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes (or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes referencing 
such Index), the Reference Obligation will be the Reference Obligation (if any) specified as 
such opposite the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex, subject to the definition of 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" below and the following paragraph: 
If there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement 
Reference Obligation for a Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent will select such Reference 
Obligation as the Reference Obligation hereunder for such Reference Entity rather than 
applying the provisions of the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" above; and 
(b) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Notes (or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes referencing 
such Index), the Reference Obligation will be the Reference Obligation (if any) specified as 
such in the Index and specified opposite the Reference Entity in the Index Annex, subject as 
provided in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Index Annex" below and to the "Substitute 
Reference Obligation" provisions herein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of (a) and (b) above, where there is no Reference 
Obligation specified for the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex, the provisions of 
(i)(y) above shall apply and the Calculation Agent may select any Deliverable Obligation as the 
Reference Obligation. 
"Valuation Date" means, for the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 10, the fifth Business Day 
after the Credit Settlement Date. 
"Valuation Method" is deemed to be Highest unless fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained or a 
Weighted Average Quotation applies (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations), in which case "Valuation 
Method" is deemed to be Market. 
"Valuation Time" is the time specified as such in the Final Terms, or, if no time is so specified, 11:00 
a.m. in the principal trading market for the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption Obligation, 
as the case may be. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted average 
of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, each for an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption Obligation, as 
the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of 
as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount that in aggregate are approximately equal 
to the Quotation Amount. 
11. 
Settlement Suspension 
(a) 
Suspension 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 9, if, following the determination of a Credit 
Event Determination Date but prior to the Credit Settlement Date or, to the extent applicable, a 
Valuation Date, there is a DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, the Calculation Agent may, 
at its option, determine that the applicable timing requirements of this Credit Linked Condition 
11 and the definitions of Credit Event Redemption Date, Valuation Date, Physical Settlement 
Period and PSN Cut-off Date, and any other Credit Linked Condition provision(s) as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, shall toll and be suspended and remain suspended (such period of

--- Page 248 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
248 
 
 
suspension, a "Suspension Period") until the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal. During such suspension period none 
of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Noteholder are obliged to, nor are they entitled to, 
take any action in connection with the settlement of the Notes. Once the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing 
requirements of the Credit Linked Conditions that have previously tolled or been suspended 
shall resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary 
with the Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension 
began in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 11. 
In the event of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may make (x) such 
consequential or other adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to the General 
Conditions and these Credit Linked Conditions as may be desirable or required either during or 
following any relevant Suspension Period to account for or reflect such suspension and (y) 
determine the effective date of such adjustment(s) or determination(s). 
(b) 
Interest 
In the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes to the extent that "Credit Linked Interest" is 
applicable as specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
if a Suspension Period falls in any one or more Interest Period(s), then no interest (or 
any interest on any delayed payment of interest) shall accrue during each portion of an 
Interest Period during which a Suspension Period exists; and 
(ii) 
if an Interest Payment Date falls in a Suspension Period, such Interest Payment Date 
will be deferred until such date as determined by the Calculation Agent falling no 
earlier than the first Payment Day and no later than the fifth Payment Day following 
the end of the Suspension Period, all subject to the provisions of General Condition 5 
and Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7 and 8. 
12. 
Redemption following a Merger Event 
If "Merger Event" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, in the event that in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 and redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes and 
pay in respect of each Credit Linked Note, the Merger Event Redemption Amount on the Merger Event 
Redemption Date in each case as specified in the Final Terms. 
13. 
Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes 
"2.5-year Limitation Date" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation Date". 
"10-year Limitation Date" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation Date". 
"Accrued Interest" means for the purpose of these Credit Linked Conditions: 
(a) 
in respect of any Notes for which "Physical Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method 
in the Final Terms (or for which Physical Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2), the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued but unpaid interest, unless 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the Final Terms, in which case, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will include accrued but 
unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its reasonable discretion); 
(b) 
in respect of any Notes for which "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the applicable Settlement 
Method in the Final Terms (or for which Cash Settlement is applicable as the Fallback 
Settlement Method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2), and: 
(i) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the Final Terms, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the Final Terms, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(iii) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market 
practice in the market of the Valuation Obligation whether the Outstanding Principal

--- Page 249 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
249 
 
 
Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof; or 
(c) 
if Credit Linked Condition 10 applies, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then 
current market practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation (as applicable), whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued 
but unpaid interest. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Aggregate Loss Percentage" means: 
(a) 
if "Zero Recovery" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of the Reference Entity 
Weightings for each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred; and 
(b) 
if "FP Recovery" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, a percentage calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to: 
 
Expressed in words, this is (a) the sum of, in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the product of (i) the Reference Entity Weighting and (ii) 100 per cent. 
minus the Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price (as applicable), expressed as 
a percentage. 
Where 
"FP" is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, with FPA,i 
being such value in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred;  
"n" is the number of Reference Entities for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred; and 
"REWAi" means the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred;  
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other 
consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid 
or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of being 
realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists). 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by 
reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion 
received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event 
(which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). 
If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset 
Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains 
nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is specified 
as applicable in the Final Terms and such Restructuring does not constitute a 
Governmental Intervention; and

--- Page 250 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
250 
 
 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Asset Package Delivery" will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset 
Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit 
Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the Credit 
Event Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, either (a) no Package Observable 
Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event or (b) it is specified not to apply in 
the Final Terms by operation of the Physical Settlement Matrix or otherwise. 
"Attachment Point" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms  
"Auction" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Covered Transaction" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Settlement Date" shall mean the date that is the number of Business Days as shall be specified 
in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, five Business Days) immediately following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. 
"Auction Settlement Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 2. 
"Bankruptcy" means the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes 
effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the 
case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or 
petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained in each case within thirty (30) calendar days of the institution or presentation 
thereof or before the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Credit Linked Notes), whichever 
is earlier; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against 
all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty (30) calendar days

--- Page 251 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
251 
 
 
thereafter or before the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Credit Linked Notes), whichever 
is earlier; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) to (g). 
"Basket Tranched Index Component" means, in respect of any Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Notes, each "Basket Tranched Index Component" indicated as such in the Final Terms and having the 
Component Weighting, Attachment Point, Exhaustion Point and Index as indicated in the Final Terms. 
"Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the 
Final Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of a basket of 
more than one Basket Tranched Index Component. 
"Calculation Agent City Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the Calculation Agent City specified in the Final Terms. 
"Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice" means a notice by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer containing material information required to be included in a Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice to be given by the Issuer. 
"Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer containing material information required to be included in a Notice of Physical Settlement to be 
given by the Issuer.  
"Cash Settlement Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 3. 
"CDX Index Credit Linked Notes" means Notes which are either CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes or CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes. 
"CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes" means Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes 
indicated as such in the Final Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in 
respect of the Index. 
"CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes" means Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Basket 
Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the Final Terms, where the Issuer purchases 
credit protection from Noteholders in respect of a particular tranche of the Index. 
"Component Weighting" means, in respect of any Basket Tranched Index Component, the percentage 
specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in 
each case as of each such date the Calculation Agent determines appropriate for purposes of the Hedging 
Arrangements provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of 
a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the Reference Entity 
is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or 
transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer 
of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or 
paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for 
purposes of this definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (a) below of the definition of Deliverable Obligation below. 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" (and each a "Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee") means each committee established pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching 
certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions.

--- Page 252 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
252 
 
 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of any one or more of the Credit Events specified in the Final 
Terms which may include Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, 
Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention.  
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based 
upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation 
of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, 
order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
"Credit Event Amount" means, in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Credit Linked 
Notes to which Credit Payment As You Go applies, following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date in respect of any Reference Entity (i) the amount specified as such in the Final Terms 
or (ii) a Note's pro rata share of the amount (which may be zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(RENA × FP) ‒ UC 
where: 
"RENA" is the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of the affected Reference Entity;  
"FP" is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, 
in respect of the affected Reference Entity;  
"UC" is Unwind Costs. 
Expressed in words, this is (1) the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect 
of the affected Reference Entity and the Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero 
Recovery Price, as applicable, in respect of the affected Reference Entity minus (2) the Unwind 
Costs.  
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means: 
(a) 
for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in paragraph (b) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days 
prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is sixty (60) calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period, the Notice 
Delivery Date; and 
(ii) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Post Dismissal Additional Period, the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date; and 
Provided that, if so specified in the Final Terms, such date, will be, in all cases, the later to occur of (A) 
the Trade Date and (B) the Credit Event Backstop Date that is determined pursuant to (a) or (b) above. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
"Credit Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event with respect to which: 
(a) 
Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method or in any event in the case of a Tranched 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, a Tranched Index Credit Linked Note, a Zero/Set Recovery 
Note, a Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Note or a Long/Short Credit Linked Note:

--- Page 253 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
253 
 
 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (a)(ii) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period, provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, 
with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a)(i) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery 
Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and either: 
(i) 
(1) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage 
Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
(1) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective on or prior to the 
Exercise Cut-off Date,  
provided that no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit 
Event has previously been delivered unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit 
Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, or the Calculation Agent otherwise determines this 
is consistent with the Issuer's Hedging Arrangements, or 
(b) 
if paragraph (a) of this definition does not apply, the Non-Standard Credit Event Determination 
Date. 
Provided further that no Credit Event Determination Date will occur, and any Credit Event 
Determination Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred, if, or to the extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a 
Valuation Date, the Credit Settlement Date, the Credit Event Redemption Date or the Maturity 
Date as applicable, a DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to the relevant 
event. 
If, in accordance with the provisions above, (i) following the determination of a Credit Event 
Determination Date, such Credit Event Determination Date is deemed (A) to have occurred on 
a date that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the Credit Event 
Determination Date or (B) not to have occurred or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date is 
deemed to have occurred prior to one or more preceding Interest Payment Dates, the Calculation 
Agent will determine (1) such adjustment(s) to these Credit Linked Conditions (including any 
adjustment to payment amounts) as may be required to reflect (I) such deemed date of 
occurrence or (II) such deemed non-occurrence, of such Credit Event Determination Date and 
(2) the effective date of such adjustment(s). For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest 
shall be taken into account when calculating any adjustment to payment amounts. 
Where the Notes are First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit-Linked Notes 
including a First-to-Default Exposure, a Credit Event Determination Date shall be deemed to 
occur with respect to the Notes on the first occasion a Credit Event Determination Date occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity (the "First Reference Entity"). Where the Notes are First-
to-Default Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit-
Linked Notes including a First-to-Default Exposure or Nth-to-Default Exposure and a Credit 
Event Determination Date occurs with respect to more than one Reference Entity on the same 
day, the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole discretion the order in which such Credit 
Event Determination Dates occur. 
"Credit Event Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the Calculation 
Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or 
after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Credit Observation End 
Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or 
the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date.

--- Page 254 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
254 
 
 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. A Credit Event Notice 
shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices set out in General Condition 13. 
"Credit Event Payment Date" means in relation to any Credit Event Amount the day falling the number 
of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, three Business Days) following (x) the calculation of the relevant Final Price or Auction Final 
Price, as applicable or (y) in the case of Zero/Set Recovery Notes, the Credit Event Determination Date. 
"Credit Event Redemption Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes 
and Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to each Note's pro rata share of: 
[(RENA × FP) – UC ] + Protected Amount 
Expressed in words, this is the sum of (a), (1) the product of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount and the Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable 
minus (2) the Unwind Costs and (b) if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Protected 
Amount. 
(b) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes to which Credit Payment on Maturity applies, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to each Note's pro rata share of: 
 
Expressed in words, this is the sum of (a) (1) the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts 
in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not 
occurred plus (2) the sum of, in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and the 
Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price (as applicable) minus (3) 
Unwind Costs and (b) if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Protected Amount. 
(c) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes to which Credit Payment As You Go applies, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to a Note's pro rata share of: 
 
Expressed in words, this is the sum of (a) the Reference Entity Notional Amounts in respect of 
each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred and (b) if 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Protected Amount. 
(d) 
in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to each Note's pro rata share of: 
[ 𝑎𝑔𝑔𝑟𝑒𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑜𝑢𝑡𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑎𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡∗𝐶𝑟𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑡 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑟] ∗(1 − (
1
𝐻−𝐿) ∗𝑀𝑖𝑛 𝐻−𝐿; 𝑀𝑎𝑥  𝑁−𝐿; 0] )]
+ 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 
Expressed in words, this is the sum of (a) the product of (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of Notes multiplied by the Credit Multiplier and (ii) one minus the product of (x) the 
quotient of 1 as numerator and the number of Reference Entities specified as H (being the higher 
tranche level) in the Final Terms minus the number of Reference Entities specified as L (being 
the lower tranche level) in the Final Terms ("H-L") as denominator and (y) the lesser of H-L 
and the number, floored at zero, of Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred ("N") minus the number of Reference Entities specified as L 
(being the lower tranche level) in the Final Terms and (b) if specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Protected Amount; or

--- Page 255 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
255 
 
 
(e) 
in the case of Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to each Note's pro rata share of: 
[ 𝑎𝑔𝑔𝑟𝑒𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑜𝑢𝑡𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑎𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡∗𝐶𝑀] ∗(1 − (
1
𝐸𝑃−𝐴𝑃) ∗𝑀𝑖𝑛 𝐸𝑃−𝐴𝑃 ; 𝑀𝑎𝑥  𝐴𝐿𝑃−𝐴𝑃; 0] )]
+ 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 
expressed in words, this is the sum of (a) the product of (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of Notes multiplied by the Credit Multiplier and (ii) one minus the product of (x) the 
quotient of 1 as numerator and the Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point as denominator 
and (y) the lesser of (A) the Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point and (B) the number, 
floored at zero, equal to the Aggregate Loss Percentage minus the Attachment Point and (b) if 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Protected Amount. 
where: 
"ALP" means the Aggregate Loss Percentage; 
"AP" means the Attachment Point; 
"CM" means the Credit Multiplier;  
"EP" means the Exhaustion Point; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount stated in the Final Terms if specified as applicable; 
"RENA" is the Reference Entity Notional Amount, RENA,i being the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
in respect of any Reference Entityi, with RENAu,i being the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect 
of any Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred and being deemed 
to be zero for all other Reference Entities and RENAA,i is the Reference Entity Notional Amount in 
respect of any Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and being 
deemed to be zero for all other Reference Entities; 
"FP" is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, with FPA,i 
being such value in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred; 
"UC" is Unwind Costs; and 
"n" is the number of Reference Entities. 
(f) 
in the case of Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to each Note's pro rata share of: 
 
expressed in words, this is the sum of (a) the product of (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of Notes multiplied by the Credit Multiplier and (ii) the sum in respect of each Basket 
Tranched Index Componentz of (A) the product of (I) the Component Weightingz of that Basket 
Tranched Index Componentz and (II) one minus the product of (x) the quotient of 1 as numerator 
and the Exhaustion Pointz minus the Attachment Pointz as denominator and (y) the lesser of (X) 
the Exhaustion Pointz minus the Attachment Pointz and (Y) the number, floored at zero, equal 
to the Aggregate Loss Percentagez minus the Attachment Pointz and (b) if specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Protected Amount 
where: 
"ALPz" means the Aggregate Loss Percentagez in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz being 
the Aggregate Loss Percentage determined in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz; 
"APz" means the Attachment Pointz in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the 
Final Terms; 
"CWz" is the "Component Weightingz" of such Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the 
Final Terms;

--- Page 256 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
256 
 
 
"EPz" means the Exhaustion Pointz in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the 
Final Terms; and  
"z" means the number of Basket Tranched Index Component comprising the Basket Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes; 
provided that, in each of (a) to (f) above, in no event shall the Credit Event Redemption Amount be more 
than the nominal amount of the Notes multiplied by the Credit Multiplier (if applicable) or less than zero; 
(g) 
in the case of Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to each Note's pro rata share of the sum of the Long Redemption Amount and the Short 
Redemption Amount; provided that in no event shall such Credit Event Redemption Amount 
be more than the sum of (a) the product of the Long Nominal Amount and the LLM and (b) the 
product of the Short Nominal Amount and the SLM, or less than zero; 
where 
"Basket Tranched Index Exposure" means if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit 
linked terms applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"Calculation Percentage" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Reference Entity Exposure, First-to-Default Exposure and Nth-to-Default 
Exposure, a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (a) if no Credit Event 
Determination Date or, in the case of an Nth-to-Default Exposure, Trigger, has occurred, 100 
per cent. or (b) otherwise: 
[(RENA × FP) – UC ] ÷ RENA 
Expressed as a percentage. 
Expressed in words, this is (a) (1) the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and the 
Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable minus (2) the 
Unwind Costs divided by (b) the Reference Entity Notional Amount, expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure or Non-Tranched Index Exposure, a 
percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
 
Expressed as a percentage. 
Expressed in words, this is (A) the sum of (a) (1) the sum of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
not occurred plus (2) the sum of, in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and the 
Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price (as applicable) minus (3) 
Unwind Costs divided by (B) the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts in respect of 
all Reference Entities, expressed as a percentage. 
(c) 
in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, a percentage calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to: 
[(1 − (
1
𝐻−𝐿) ∗𝑀𝑖𝑛 𝐻−𝐿; 𝑀𝑎𝑥  𝑁−𝐿; 0] )] 
Expressed as a percentage. 
Expressed in words, this is one minus the product of (x) the quotient of 1 as numerator and the 
number of Reference Entities specified as H (being the higher tranche level) in the Final Terms 
minus the number of Reference Entities specified as L (being the lower tranche level) in the 
Final Terms ("H-L") as denominator and (y) the lesser of H-L and the number, floored at zero, 
of Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred ("N") 
minus the number of Reference Entities specified as L (being the lower tranche level) in the 
Final Terms, expressed as a percentage.

--- Page 257 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
257 
 
 
(d) 
in the case of Tranched Index Exposure, a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to: 
 [(1 − (
1
𝐸𝑃−𝐴𝑃) ∗𝑀𝑖𝑛 𝐸𝑃−𝐴𝑃 ; 𝑀𝑎𝑥  𝐴𝐿𝑃−𝐴𝑃; 0] )] 
Expressed as a percentage. 
Expressed in words, this is one minus the product of (x) the quotient of 1 as numerator and the 
Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point as denominator and (y) the lesser of (A) the 
Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point and (B) the number, floored at zero, equal to the 
Aggregate Loss Percentage minus the Attachment Point, expressed as a percentage 
where: 
"ALP" means the Aggregate Loss Percentage; 
"AP" means the Attachment Point; and 
"EP" means the Exhaustion Point. 
(e) 
in the case of Basket Tranched Index Exposure, a percentage calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to: 
 
expressed in words, this is the sum in respect of each Basket Tranched Index Componentz of 
(A) the product of (I) the Component Weightingz of that Basket Tranched Index Componentz 
and (II) one minus the product of (x) the quotient of 1 as numerator and the Exhaustion Pointz 
minus the Attachment Pointz as denominator and (y) the lesser of (X) the Exhaustion Pointz 
minus the Attachment Pointz and (Y) the number, floored at zero, equal to the Aggregate Loss 
Percentagez minus the Attachment Pointz  
where: 
"ALPz" means the Aggregate Loss Percentagez in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz being 
the Aggregate Loss Percentage determined in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz; 
"APz" means the Attachment Pointz in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the 
Final Terms; 
"CWz" is the "Component Weightingz" of such Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the 
Final Terms; 
"EPz" means the Exhaustion Point in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the 
Final Terms; and  
"z" means the number of Basket Tranched Index Component comprising the Basket Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes; 
"First-to-Default Exposure" means if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit linked 
terms applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"FP" is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, with FPA,i 
being such value in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred; 
"LLM" means the number specified as such in the Final Terms, if any, being the leverage multiplier in 
respect of the Long Exposure; 
"Long Nominal Amount" means at any time the product of the Long Nominal Exposure Percentage and 
the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding; 
"Long Redemption Amount" equals the product of the Long Nominal Amount and the Long 
Calculation Percentage and the LLM; 
"Long Calculation Percentage" means the Calculation Percentage arising from the Long Exposure; 
"Long Exposure" means, in respect of the Long Nominal Amount and as specified in the Final Terms, 
any one of Single Reference Entity Exposure, First-to-Default Exposure, Nth-to-Default Exposure, Non-

--- Page 258 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
258 
 
 
Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, Non-Tranched Index Exposure, Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, 
Tranched Index Exposure or Basket Tranched Index Exposure; 
"Long Nominal Exposure Percentage" means the percentage indicated as such in the Final Terms; 
"n" is the number of Reference Entities, 
"Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure" if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit 
linked terms applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"Non-Tranched Index Exposure" if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit linked 
terms applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"Nth-to-Default Exposure" if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit linked terms 
applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"RENA" is the Reference Entity Notional Amount, with RENAu,i being the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount in respect of any Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred 
and being deemed to be zero for all other Reference Entities and RENAA,i is the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount in respect of any Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred 
and being deemed to be zero for all other Reference Entities; 
"Short Calculation Percentage" means 100 per cent. minus the Calculation Percentage arising from the 
Short Exposure; 
"Short Exposure" means, in respect of the Short Nominal Amount and as specified in the Final Terms, 
any one of Single Reference Entity Exposure, First-to-Default Exposure, Nth-to-Default Exposure, Non-
Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, Non-Tranched Index Exposure, Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, 
Tranched Index Exposure or Basket Tranched Index Exposure; 
"Short Nominal Amount" means at any time the product of the Short Nominal Exposure Percentage 
and the number aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding; 
"Short Nominal Exposure Percentage" means the percentage indicated as such in the Final Terms; 
"Short Redemption Amount" equals the product of the Short Nominal Amount and the Short 
Calculation Percentage and the SLM 
"Single Reference Entity Exposure" means if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit 
linked terms applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"SLM" means the number specified as such in the Final Terms, if any, being the leverage multiplier in 
respect of the Short Exposure; 
"Tranched Linear Basket Exposure" if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit linked 
terms applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"Tranched Index Exposure" if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit linked terms 
applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
and provided that, the Credit Linked Conditions shall apply to the relevant Long Exposure or Short 
Exposure (including for the purposes of determining the Calculation Percentage arising from the relevant 
Long Exposure or Short Exposure, as the case may be) in such manner as the Calculation Agent, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner, may determine is necessary or desirable to give rise to the intended 
economic effect of the Credit Linked Conditions and as if a Single Reference Entity Exposure is a Single 
Reference Entity Credit Linked Note, a First-to-Default Exposure is a First-to-Default Credit Linked 
Note, a Nth-to-Default Exposure is a Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Note, a Non-Tranched Linear Basket 
Exposure is a Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, a Non-Tranched Index Exposure is a 
Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Note, a Tranched Linear Basket Exposure is a Tranched Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Note, a Tranched Index Exposure is a Tranched Index Credit Linked Note or a 
Basket Tranched Index Exposure is a Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Note. 
"UC" is Unwind Costs;  
"Credit Event Redemption Date" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11:  
(a) 
in the case of any Notes other than Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Credit Linked 
Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes,

--- Page 259 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
259 
 
 
(i) 
the day falling three Business Days, or such other number of Business Days specified 
in the Final Terms, after (i) the calculation of the Final Price (ii) the Auction Settlement 
Date or (iii) if the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes the Credit Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, in each case in respect of the Reference Entity the occurrence of 
which results in the Notes becoming redeemable; or  
(ii) 
where Maturity Credit Redemption is specified to be applicable in the Final Terms 
only: if later, the Maturity Date determined pursuant to these Credit Linked Conditions 
and subject to adjustment, where applicable, pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 6, 
7, 8, 9 and 11; or  
(b) 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short 
Credit Linked Notes, the "Maturity Date" determined for these purposes as 
(i) 
subject to (ii) and (iii) below, the later of  
(a) 
the day falling three Business Days or such other number of Business Days 
specified in the Final Terms, following (i) the calculation of the Final Price 
or (ii) the Auction Final Price Determination Date (or, if later, the related 
Auction Settlement Date) in respect of each Reference Entity for which a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and for which the Final Price 
or Auction Final Price is relevant for the determination of the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount; and  
(b) 
the Maturity Date determined without regard to the provisions of this 
paragraph and subject to adjustment as specified in Credit Linked Conditions 
6, 7, 8, 9 or 11; or 
(ii) 
if the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes, the later of  
(a) 
the day falling three Business Days or such other number of Business Days 
specified in the Final Terms, following the date as of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred or is determined not to have occurred in 
respect of each Reference Entity which is relevant for the determination of 
the Credit Event Redemption Amount; and  
(b) 
the Maturity Date determined without regard to the provisions of this 
paragraph and subject to adjustment as specified in Credit Linked Conditions 
6, 7, 8, 9 or 11; or 
(iii) 
if the Notes are Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes or Basket Tranche Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit 
Linked Notes, the Maturity Date subject to adjustment as specified in Credit Linked 
Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11. 
"Credit Event Reduction Factor" means: 
(a) 
in the case of any Notes other than Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Tranched 
Index Credit Linked Notes, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit 
Linked Notes, a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is the aggregate Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts of all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
not occurred prior to the Credit Observation End Date and (ii) the denominator of which is the 
aggregate of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts of all Reference Entities; or 
(b) 
in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Notes, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes only, a 
fraction, (i) the numerator of which is the Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount, and 
(ii) the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding nominal amount multiplied by the 
Credit Multiplier (if any) as of the Issue Date. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date, 
as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
"Credit Index" means the index named in the Index Annex specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 260 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
260 
 
 
"Credit Multiplier" means 1 unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms. 
"Credit Observation End Date" means the Scheduled Maturity Date or such other date specified in the 
Final Terms. The Credit Observation End Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Credit Settlement Date" means (a) the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period following the 
PSN Cut-off Date (the "Scheduled Credit Settlement Date") provided that if a Hedge Disruption Event 
has occurred and is continuing on the second Business Day immediately preceding the Scheduled Credit 
Settlement Date, the Credit Settlement Date shall be the earlier of (i) the second Business Day following 
the date on which no Hedge Disruption Event subsists and (ii) the day falling sixty (60) Business Days 
following the Scheduled Credit Settlement Date or (b) where Maturity Credit Redemption is specified to 
be applicable in the Final Terms only: if later, the Maturity Date determined pursuant to these Credit 
Linked Conditions and subject to adjustment, where applicable, pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 6, 
7, 8, 9 and 11. 
"Currency Amount" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement or a selected Valuation Obligation, as applicable that is denominated in a currency 
other than the Settlement Currency, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion 
rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation 
specified in a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency 
(or, if applicable, back into the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to 
the Currency Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each Physical Settlement Amendment Notice with respect 
to that portion of the relevant Credit Linked Notes into the currency of denomination of the relevant 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
"Currency Rate" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, or selected Valuation 
Obligation, as applicable, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency in 
which the Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either (i) 
determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (ii) if such 
rate is not available at such time, determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) a Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, the Revised Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 p.m. 
(London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the date 
that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable. 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on 
or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the Credit Observation 
End Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the 
case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of 
a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event has 
occurred. 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Cut-off Date" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 8.

--- Page 261 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
261 
 
 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit 
Event. 
"DC Party" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"DC Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by ISDA on 
its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from 
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.  
"Default Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is specified in the Final Terms, US$10,000,000, or 
its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, 
as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
"Deliver" means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit 
of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the 
applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and 
taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable 
Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the 
Entitlement to the relevant Noteholder free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or 
encumbrances including without limitation any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or 
defence based on the factors set out in (a) to (d) in the definition of "Credit Event" above but excluding 
any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system or right of set-off by or of the 
Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor) provided that (i) if all or a portion of the 
Entitlement consists of Direct Loan Participations, "Deliver" means to create (or procure the creation of) 
a participation in favour of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) if a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, 
"Deliver" means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that if 
the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee 
and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap. "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be 
construed accordingly. In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation 
substantially in the form of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of 
such Loan at that time. 
If Asset Package Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or a Package Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, 
and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) paragraph (a) above 
shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package provided that if any such Asset is not a 
Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the 
Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed 
to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which the Issuer has notified 
the Holders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 of the detailed description of the Asset 
Package that it intends to Deliver, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset 
Package in the correct proportion and (v) if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-
Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value 
and the term Asset Package shall be construed accordingly. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining Deliverable 
Obligations" below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation;

--- Page 262 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
262 
 
 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, (i) if Financial Reference Entity Terms is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, any Prior Deliverable Obligation, or (ii) if the Reference Entity 
is a Sovereign, any Package Observable Bond, 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than 
zero (determined for purposes of paragraph (d) above, immediately prior to the relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event). 
(i) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations. For the purposes of this definition 
of "Deliverable Obligation", the term "Deliverable Obligation" may be defined as 
each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation 
Category specified in the Final Terms, and, subject to paragraph (ii) (Interpretation of 
Provisions) below, having each of, the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, 
specified in the Final Terms, in each case, as of each such date the Calculation Agent 
determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. The following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed 
Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as 
defined in the definition of "Obligation" below, except that, for the purpose 
of determining Deliverable Obligation, the definition of "Reference 
Obligation Only" shall be amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only). 
(ii) 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not 
Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic 
Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance (each as defined 
in the definition of "Obligation" below), Assignable Loan, Consent Required 
Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, 
Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer; 
(A) 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned 
or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or financial 
institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are 
not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, 
without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, 
if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the 
Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(B) 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated with the consent of the Reference Entity or the 
guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such loan) or any 
agent; 
(C) 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, 
pursuant to a participation agreement, the Issuer is capable of 
creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of 
each Noteholder that provides each Noteholder with recourse to the 
participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under 
the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, 
any such agreement to be entered into between each Noteholder and 
either (A) the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, (to the 
extent that the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, is then a lender 
or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (B) a Qualifying 
Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying 
Participation Seller is then a lender or a member of the relevant 
lending syndicate);

--- Page 263 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
263 
 
 
(D) 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to 
institutional investors without any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be 
considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
I 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide 
for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any 
jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
II 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or 
regulatory investment restrictions on insurance companies 
and pension funds; or 
III 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around 
payment dates or voting periods; 
(E) 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining 
maturity of not greater than the period specified in the Final Terms 
(or if no such period is specified, thirty years); 
(F) 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the 
principal amount owed, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, 
termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance 
with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and 
without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable 
insolvency laws; and 
(G) 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument 
unless interests with respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via 
Euroclear, Clearstream International or any other internationally 
recognised clearing system. 
(ii) 
Interpretation of Provisions 
(i) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic 
Issuance" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be construed 
as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
(ii) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not 
Domestic Issuance" or "Not Bearer" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final 
Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
"Transferable" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans; or (iii) any of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" or 
"Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Terms 
shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had 
been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Loans. 
(iii) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct 
Loan Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in 
the Final Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that 
satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and 
need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics.

--- Page 264 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
264 
 
 
(iv) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the 
following will apply: 
(A) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the 
Deliverable Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be 
deemed to be described by the same category or categories as those 
that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(B) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant 
Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the 
relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, 
specified in the Final Terms from the following list: "Not 
Subordinated", "Specified Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not 
Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic Law"; 
(C) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying 
Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the 
applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the Final Terms from the 
following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable 
Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", 
"Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", "Accelerated" or "Matured" 
and "Not Bearer"; and 
(D) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to 
refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(E) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic "Maximum Maturity", remaining maturity shall be 
determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation 
in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of 
a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining 
maturity shall be zero. 
(F) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental 
Intervention" are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, if an 
obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the 
existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time 
of making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's 
obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, 
shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(G) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics and the requirements specified in the 
paragraphs commencing "If Physical Settlement applies and "Mod 
R" …" and "If Physical Settlement applies and "Mod Mod R" …" in 
Credit Linked Condition 4 to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond, any such determination shall be made by 
reference to the terms of the relevant obligation in effect 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(H) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise 
satisfy 
the 
"Maximum 
Maturity" 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in

--- Page 265 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
265 
 
 
such obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic. 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this paragraph (ii) apply in respect of the 
definitions of Obligation and Deliverable Obligation as the context admits. 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date such 
Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be Delivered pursuant to the definition of "Deliver" 
above). 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms and any successor 
currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor currency of 
(a) the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the 
Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign.  
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity is 
not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance 
of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference 
Entity. As used herein, "Voting Shares" shall mean those shares or other interests that have the power 
to elect the board of directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under 
the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in 
respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any portion 
of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or 
(b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of 
an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each 
case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the relevant PSN 
Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery 
Date, the Delivery Date), or (B) the relevant Valuation Date, as applicable. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of 
such information. 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity 
described in sub-paragraph (c) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least US$500 million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in sub-paragraph (a); 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose 
vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least US$100 million or (B) is one of a group of 
investment vehicles under common control or management having, in aggregate, total 
assets of at least US$100 million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least US$500 million; or

--- Page 266 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
266 
 
 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or 
otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement by 
an entity described in sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(i) or (d); or 
(d) 
any Sovereign; or 
(e) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition to US$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Entitlement" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by the Credit Multiplier, as applicable, Deliverable Obligations, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent, with: 
(a) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money, an Outstanding Principal 
Balance; or 
(b) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable 
Amount, 
(or, in the case of either (a) or (b), the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), in an aggregate 
amount as of the relevant Delivery Date equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Credit 
Multiplier (if applicable) less, if Unwind Costs are specified as applying in the Final Terms, Deliverable 
Obligations with a market value determined by the Calculation Agent on the Business Day selected by 
the Calculation Agent falling during the period from and including the Credit Event Determination Date 
to and including the Delivery Date equal to a pro rata share of Unwind Costs. 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the Final Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components 
have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of 
the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Excluded Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the Final Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and (i) the 
relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior 
Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, then for 
purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, 
any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and the 
relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated 
Obligation, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or 
Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and any Note to which paragraph (a) of the definition 
of Credit Event Determination Date above applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; 
or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date; or

--- Page 267 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
267 
 
 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event where paragraph (a) of the definition of Credit Event 
Determination Date does not apply, the relevant Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves. 
"Exhaustion Point" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Credit Observation End Date (for the purposes of this definition of Extension Date, the 
"Scheduled Termination Date"); 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are 
specified as applying in the Final Terms, and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the 
relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date; and  
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified 
as applicable in the Final Terms, as applicable. 
"Failure to Pay" means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity to 
make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time 
of such failure provided that, if an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a 
redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to 
constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount 
of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market rate 
of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
"Fallback Settlement Method" means, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes for which Auction 
Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the Final Terms, the fallback settlement 
method specified in the Final Terms. 
"Final List" has the meaning given in the DC Rules. 
"Final Price" means the price of the relevant Valuation Obligation(s), as the case may be, expressed as 
a percentage of its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, determined 
in accordance with the Valuation Method specified in the Final Terms or, where applicable, Credit 
Linked Condition 10. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after obtaining all Quotations 
for a Valuation Date, make available for inspection by Noteholders at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent (i) each such Quotation that it receives in connection with the calculation of the Final Price 
and (ii) a written computation showing its calculation of the Final Price. 
"First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the Final 
Terms where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Noteholders in respect of two or more 
Reference Entities, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the 
Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that 
a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more variable 
inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the 
Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method each firm quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the 
Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the 
Quotation Amount. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case 
of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any 
person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of 
each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. 
Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be 
provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable

--- Page 268 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
268 
 
 
Obligation shall not be considered as a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Fully 
Transferable Obligation". 
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, if the relevant Reference 
Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation 
which is Subordinated thereto. 
"Governmental Authority" means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational 
body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority 
or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) 
of the Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) 
above. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events 
occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, 
or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), 
in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such 
event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or accrual 
of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the 
Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (c). 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under and in accordance with the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect as of the date as of 
which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, a Potential Failure to 
Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date 
and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date or relevant Interest Payment Date, the Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such 
grace period and the period specified as such in the Final Terms or, if no period is specified in 
the Final Terms, thirty (30) calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to 
payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period Business 
Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period 
Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless Grace Period

--- Page 269 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
269 
 
 
Extension is specified as applying in the Final Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire 
no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in 
the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so specified (a) if the Obligation Currency is the 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the 
jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if: 
(a) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date or relevant 
Interest Payment Date, 
the date falling the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. If 
"Grace Period Extension" is not specified as applicable in the Final Terms, Grace Period Extension shall 
not apply. 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hedging Arrangements" means any transaction(s), asset(s) or trading position(s) the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates or agents may enter into or hold from time to time (including, if applicable, on a portfolio 
basis) to hedge directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in part the credit or other price risk of the 
Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Hedge Disruption Event" means in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any event (including, without 
limitation, any delay in settlement of any Auction) as a result of which the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates (a) has not received the relevant Deliverable Obligations under the terms of the Issuer's 
Hedging Arrangements (if any) and/or (b) cannot maintain, adjust, enter into or exercise rights under its 
Hedging Arrangements in each case in such a manner as is necessary to meet its obligations in full as 
these fall due solely with amounts or assets which it is entitled to receive under the Hedging 
Arrangements on the relevant due date(s) therefor. 
"Hedge Disruption Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Entitlement which, on 
the Credit Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines cannot be 
Delivered as a result of a Hedge Disruption Event. 
"Index Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the Final Terms and 
comprising either Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or 
Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, as specified in the Final Terms.  
"Index Annex" means: 
(a)  
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes, the list for the relevant Index with the relevant 
Annex Date, as published by the Index Publisher (which can be accessed at 
http://www.markit.com or any successor website thereto). The Index Annex will be deemed 
amended from time to time to reflect any modifications resulting from the application of the 
definitions of Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard Reference Obligation and/or 
Substitute Reference Obligation; or 
(b)  
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Notes, the list for the relevant Index with the Annex 
Date, as published by the Index Publisher (which can be accessed at http://www.markit.com or 
any successor website thereto). In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of the Index 
Annex and the terms of the corresponding Index published by the Index Sponsor, the terms of 
the Index Annex shall prevail. 
"Index Publisher" means Markit Group Limited, or any replacement therefor appointed by the Index 
Sponsor for purposes of officially publishing the relevant Index. 
"Index Roll Effective Date" means: 
(a) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes, the Roll Date in respect of the Index as 
specified and defined in the Index Annex; or

--- Page 270 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
270 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Notes, the Effective Date in respect of the Index as 
specified and defined in the Index Annex. 
"Index Sponsor" means: 
(a) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes, Markit Indices Limited or any successor 
sponsor of the Index; or  
(b) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Notes, Markit North America, Inc. or any successor 
sponsor of the Index. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes" means Notes which are either iTraxx Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes or iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes. 
"iTraxx Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes" means Index Credit Linked Notes indicated as 
such in the Final Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of the 
Index. 
"iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes" means Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Basket 
Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the Final Terms, where the Issuer purchases 
credit protection from Noteholders in respect of a particular tranche of the Index. 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of principal has been or 
will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest Asset Package will 
be the package of Assets with the highest immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
"Limitation Date" means the first of March 20, June 20, September 20 or December 20 in any year to 
occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the 
Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the "10-
year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15 years, or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes" means Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or 
Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Long/Short Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the Final Terms 
where the Issuer both purchases and sells credit protection as specified in the Final Terms. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either Mod R or Mod 
Mod R is specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
"Market Value" means, with respect to the Valuation Obligation on a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one 
such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding 
the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the 
same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be 
disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such 
Weighted Average Quotation; 
(e) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, 
subject as provided in the definition of Quotation, an amount the Calculation Agent shall

--- Page 271 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
271 
 
 
determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation is obtained; and 
(f) 
if two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not obtained on or prior 
to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Market Value shall be 
any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations 
for the Valuation Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such 
tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which 
such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
"Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date either (A) the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Reference Entity (any 
such entity, the "Mergor") consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to (i) where the Mergor is the Issuer or the Guarantor, a Reference Entity or 
(ii) where the Mergor is a Reference Entity, the Issuer or the Guarantor, or (B) (i) either of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor and (ii) a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms (or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no amount is so specified, the lower of (a) 
US$1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) and (b) the Quotation Amount. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and other 
financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation End Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Credit Observation End Date is later than the 10 year Limitation Date, the 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Credit Observation End Date. 
In connection with the above, the final maturity date shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the 
Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable 
Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such 
determination is made. 
"Movement Option" means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring for which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date, the option of the Issuer to apply to the Credit Linked Notes, for purposes of 
settlement, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which the Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations are more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that could apply in respect of 
the Reference Transaction (provided that if more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
are published, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations shall apply). If no Notice to Exercise Movement Option is delivered by the Issuer 
on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Credit Linked Notes will be settled in accordance 
with the Fallback Settlement Method. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is delivered by the Issuer 
on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, such event will be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following the 
Exercise Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved. 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on London Business Days immediately 
following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice or relevant Partial Cash Settlement Notice, as applicable, is effective. For the 
purposes of determining the Next Currency Fixing Time, "London Business Day" means a day on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in London. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date on which the DC 
Secretary first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published;

--- Page 272 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
272 
 
 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms 
will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or  
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will 
be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in 
circumstances where either:  
(i) 
no Parallel Auction will be held; or  
(ii) 
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the 
Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or 
incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable 
for being traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date" means with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date 
occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, 
provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit 
Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in 
the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day 
of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(i) 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is not the applicable Settlement Method; 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(3) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC Credit Event 
Announcement; or 
(ii) 
(1) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and  
(2) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective on or prior to the 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective during either 
the Notice Delivery Period or the period from and including the date of the DC Credit 
Event Announcement to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter 
(provided, in each case, that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date 
occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including 
prior to the Trade Date)), if either: 
(i) 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is not the applicable Settlement Method; 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(3) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC Credit 
Event Announcement and on or prior to a DC Announcement 
Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines this is otherwise consistent with the Issuer's 
Hedging Arrangements, 
provided that no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only 
Credit Event has previously been delivered unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified 
in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit Event Question

--- Page 273 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
273 
 
 
resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or the 
Calculation Agent determines this is otherwise consistent with the Issuer's Hedging 
Arrangements. 
"Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event to which paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, 
if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, 
if any, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; 
or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date. 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means, in respect of the Reference Entity, the Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes" means either iTraxx Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Notes or CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, unless 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms, an effective 
Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Calculation Agent. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the date 
that is fourteen (14) calendar days after the Extension Date. 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that cites Publicly Available 
Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The 
notice given must contain a copy or description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information. If "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
and a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly 
Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also 
be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. A Notice of Publicly Available Information 
shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices in Credit Linked Condition 17. 
"Notice to Exercise Movement Option" means, with respect to Notes for which (a) M(M)R 
Restructuring is applicable and (b) the Fallback Settlement Method would otherwise be applicable 
pursuant to the Auction Settlement provisions, a notice from the Issuer to the Calculation Agent that (i) 
specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms applicable in accordance with the definition of 
Movement Option and (ii) is effective on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
"Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the Final Terms 
where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Noteholders in respect of two or more Reference 
Entities, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Obligation" means:

--- Page 274 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
274 
 
 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining Obligations" below; 
and 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation, 
in each case unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
"Method for Determining Obligations". For the purposes of paragraph (a) of this definition 
of "Obligation", the term "Obligation" may be defined as the obligation of each Reference 
Entity described by the Obligation Category specified in the Final Terms, and having each of 
the Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in the Final Terms, in each case, immediately 
prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit 
Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as 
applicable. The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation 
Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the Final 
Terms, where: 
(i) 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or 
otherwise) for the payment or repayment of money, including, without 
limitation, Borrowed Money; 
(c) 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, 
deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
(d) 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no 
Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only; 
(e) 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category 
that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than Notes delivered pursuant to 
Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of 
Borrowed Money; 
(f) 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category 
that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit 
agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; and 
(g) 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
(h) 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, 
Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic 
Issuance specified in the Final Terms, where: 
(i) 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (1) the Reference 
Obligation or, (2) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; 
(i) 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") and another 
obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the "First 
Obligation"), a contractual, trust or other similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the 
liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the 
holders of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of 
the Second Obligation or (II) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive 
or retain principal payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any time 
that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First 
Obligation. "Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another 
obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by 
operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security 
arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, 
priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is 
a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, 
as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which

--- Page 275 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
275 
 
 
it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior 
Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference 
Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each 
case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date; and 
(j) 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable to the relevant Notes, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, 
if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the Final Terms as the Reference 
Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and 
otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(k) 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies 
specified as such in the Final Terms (or, if Specified Currency is specified in the Final Terms 
and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency) provided that if the euro is a 
Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was previously 
payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination 
occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority; 
(l) 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign 
or (B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European 
Bank for Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations 
generally referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(m) 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than 
applicable Domestic Currency provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute 
the Domestic Currency; 
(n) 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a 
Domestic Law; 
(o) 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an 
exchange; and 
(p) 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market 
of the Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action 
having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the 
Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale 
within the domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market 
of the Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event or default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of 
the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which the Obligation is denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, or 
other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, 
in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Final Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an

--- Page 276 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
276 
 
 
obligation of the Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation for purposes of the relevant Notes (other than for the purposes of determining the 
Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless the relevant Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
"Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation which will 
be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's principal 
payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of Accrued Interest 
above, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the 
case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued 
but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references 
to the Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the 
Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this 
paragraph (b), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (A) the relevant PSN Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are 
amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or 
(B) the relevant Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from 
time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website 
from time to time and (b) which fell within paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation (above), in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event was legally effective. 
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as such term shall be defined in the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means "Auction Cancellation Date" as such term shall be defined 
in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R 
Restructuring, and for which (i) the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Reference 
Transaction and (ii) the Reference Transaction would not be an Auction Covered Transaction provided 
that if no such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation Agent may 
select in its sole discretion the applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date" means "Notice of Physical Settlement Date" as defined 
in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is specified in the Final Terms, US$1,000,000, or its 
equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as 
of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable.

--- Page 277 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
277 
 
 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in the 
Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms applicable to the relevant Auction. 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of 
the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or 
provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment 
obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" are specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, any Solvency Capital Provisions; or  
(v) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, 
released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf 
(such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption 
by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution 
of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a 
transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Physical Settlement Amendment Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 4. 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means the physical settlement matrix (if any) which applies to the Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, the number of Business 
Days specified as such in the Final Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, then, with 
respect to a Deliverable Obligation comprising the Entitlement, the longest number of Business Days for 
settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent provided that if the Issuer has notified the Holders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 4 that it will Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be 35 Business Days. 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided 
that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of 
the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
"Potential Credit Event" means a Potential Failure to Pay (if Failure to Pay is an applicable Credit 
Event 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Reference 
Entity), 
a 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
(if 
Repudiation/Moratorium is an applicable Credit Event in respect of the Reference Entity) or if a Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has not made its determination, such event will be deemed to be a Potential Credit Event. A 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the Calculation Agent may each determine whether a 
Potential Failure to Pay or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred. 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any 
payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard 
to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to 
such Obligations.

--- Page 278 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
278 
 
 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (a) of 
the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), any 
obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such Governmental 
Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within 
paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above, in each case, 
immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally effective; 
or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect 
of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit 
Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), such Reference 
Obligation, if any. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on 
the factors set forth in (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit Event above) or right of set-off by or of the 
Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or 
other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"PSN Cut-off Date" means subject, where applicable, to Credit Linked Condition 13: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the later of: 
(i) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Credit Event Determination Date; and 
(ii) 
the tenth calendar day after either the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or of the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, if any (or, if 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, the tenth calendar day after the 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date); or 
(b) 
if, in accordance with the terms of Credit Linked Condition 2 above, Credit Linked Condition 
4 applies as a result of the occurrence of (a) an Auction Cancellation Date or (b) a No Auction 
Announcement Date and: 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of: 
(i) 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above; and 
(ii) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Auction Cancellation Date or the No 
Auction Announcement Date, occurring pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (c)(i) 
of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date above, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring either: 
(i) 
the later of: 
(1) 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph a(i) above; and 
(2) 
the thirtieth calendar day after: 
(x) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring 
pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date above, if any; 
(y) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring 
pursuant to paragraph (c)(i) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date above, if any; or 
(z) 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, as 
applicable; or 
(ii) 
the later of the Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (or, if more than 
one Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date should occur, the last Parallel

--- Page 279 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
279 
 
 
Notice of Physical Settlement Date), and the Relevant City Business Day 
immediately following the Parallel Auction Cancellation Date, if any (or, if 
more than one should occur, the last Parallel Auction Cancellation Date), as 
applicable, in circumstances where either: 
(1) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
paragraph (a) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date above and the Issuer has not exercised 
the Movement Option; or 
(2) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
paragraph (c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date above and the Issuer has not exercised 
the Movement Option, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs a(ii) and (b) above, the relevant Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, if any, occurred on or prior to the date described in paragraph a(i) above. 
"PSN Effective Date" means the date on which an effective Calculation Agent Physical Settlement 
Notice or Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered to 
the Issuer. 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the Final 
Terms (or if no such source is specified in the Final Terms, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones 
Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, 
Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and 
Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the 
Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised published or electronically 
displayed news sources). 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant 
to the determination that the Credit Event or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, 
described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred and 
which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources (regardless of 
whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); 
(b) 
is information received from or published by (i) the Reference Entity (or, if the Reference Entity 
is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof 
acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) 
of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying 
agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of 
or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body; 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) or (c) above is not publicly 
available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating 
any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) or (c) above, the Calculation Agent 
may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the entity 
disclosing such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with 
the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, 
the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
(d) 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state: 
(i) 
in relation to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares 
owned by the Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
that the relevant occurrence: 
(i) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement;

--- Page 280 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
280 
 
 
(ii) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(iii) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must 
relate to the events described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium below. 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not covered 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying 
Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any 
legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee:  
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or 
any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(i) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant 
determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to 
or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying 
Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of Bankruptcy above in respect 
of the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes 
that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or 
Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(1) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being 
Delivered together with the Delivery of the Underlying 
Obligation; and 
(2) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any 
amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be 
capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of 
such guarantee. 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" means any participation seller that meets the requirements specified 
in the Final Terms. If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying Participation Seller. 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against 
the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become redeemable,

--- Page 281 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
281 
 
 
been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of the relevant 
determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed 
as a percentage with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date from 
five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full 
Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next 
following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day 
following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted 
Average Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a 
Weighted Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following 
the applicable Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, 
the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Valuation Obligation obtained from Quotation 
Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the 
Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the 
balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
"Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms (which may be specified 
by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to a Representative Amount) or, if no amount is 
specified in the Final Terms:  
(a) 
save for Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Basket Tranched Credit Linked Index Notes, 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount; or 
(b) 
 in the case of Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, the product of (i) the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes as of the Issue Date and the Credit Multiplier (if any) multiplied by (ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting for the relevant Reference Entity multiplied by (iii) one divided 
by the aggregate of the Reference Entity Weightings for all Reference Entities, subject to the 
provisions of the definition of "Successor",or 
(c) 
in the case of Basket Tranched Credit Linked Index Notes, the product of (i) the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Notes as of the Issue Date and the Credit Multiplier (if any) multiplied 
by (ii) the Component Weighting of the relevant Basket Tranched Index Component multiplied 
by (iii) the Reference Entity Weighting for the relevant Reference Entity multiplied by (iv) one 
divided by the aggregate of the Reference Entity Weightings for all Reference Entities, subject 
to the provisions of the definition of "Successor", 
(or, in each case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained). 
"Quotation Dealer" means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which Quotations are 
to be obtained including each Quotation Dealer specified in the Final Terms. If no Quotation Dealers are 
specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall select the Quotation Dealers. Upon a Quotation 
Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations 
of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent may substitute any other 
Quotation Dealer(s) for such Quotation Dealer(s). 
"Quotation Method" means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the Final Terms by reference 
to one of the following terms: 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers 
and shall be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer's quotation. 
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the Final Terms, Bid shall apply. 
"Reference Entity" means: 
(a) 
the entity specified as such in the Final Terms and any Successor to the Reference Entity either 
(i) identified pursuant to the definition of "Successor" on or following the Trade Date or (ii)

--- Page 282 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
282 
 
 
identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date and 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date shall, in each case, 
with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity for the purposes of the relevant 
Series; or  
(b) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes, each relevant Reference Entity specified as 
such in the Credit Index and listed in the Index Annex, and any Successor to a Reference Entity 
either (i) in respect of which ISDA publicly announces on or following the earlier of the Index 
Roll Effective Date and the Trade Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved, in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date, a Successor in 
accordance with the DC Rules or (ii) in the event that ISDA does not make such an 
announcement, identified by the Index Sponsor on or following the earlier of the Index Roll 
Effective Date and the Trade Date; or  
(c) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Notes, subject as provided in paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Index Annex", each relevant Reference Entity specified as such in the Credit 
Index and listed in the Index Annex, and any Successor to a Reference Entity either (i) in respect 
of which ISDA publicly announces on or following the earlier of the Index Roll Effective Date 
and the Trade Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved, in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date, a Successor in accordance with 
the DC Rules or (ii) in the event that ISDA does not make such an announcement, identified by 
the Index Sponsor on or following the earlier of the Index Roll Effective Date and the Trade 
Date. 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" in respect of a Reference Entity, means: 
(a) 
save for Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes and Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, the product of (i) the amount specified as the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
in the Final Terms (or, if no such amount is so specified, the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes as of the Issue Date), subject to adjustment as provided in "Successor" and these Credit 
Linked Conditions and (ii) the Credit Multiplier (if any); or  
(b) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the amount specified as the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount in the Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified, the 
product of (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes as of the Issue Date divided by the 
number of Reference Entities subject to adjustment as provided in "Successor" and these Credit 
Linked Conditions and (ii) the Credit Multiplier (if any); or 
(c) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to the amount 
specified as the Reference Entity Notional Amount in the Final Terms or, if no such amount is 
so specified, the product of (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes as of the Issue Date 
and the Credit Multiplier (if any) multiplied by (ii) the Reference Entity Weighting for such 
Reference Entity multiplied by (iii) one divided by the aggregate of the Reference Entity 
Weightings for all Reference Entities, subject to the provisions of the definition of "Successor". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Reference Entity Notional Amount is not relevant for Tranched Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Basket Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes.  
"Reference Entity Weighting" or "REW" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the 
percentage specified under "Weighting" opposite the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex. 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms, in which case 
the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or no election 
is specified in the Final Terms), (ii) there is no Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the Final Terms, in which case the Reference 
Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of 
publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation 
from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is published 
would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation.

--- Page 283 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
283 
 
 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or no election is 
specified in the Final Terms), the Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and the 
Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be the 
Reference Obligation and the Calculation Agent will select as a substitute Reference Obligation any 
Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level, provided that, if 
there is no Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level, the 
Calculation Agent may select any Deliverable Obligation as a substitute Reference Obligation. 
In addition: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may at any time (x) replace the Reference Obligation with any 
Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level from time 
to time, provided that, if there is no Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as 
the relevant Seniority Level, the Calculation Agent may select any Deliverable Obligation as a 
replacement Reference Obligation, or (y) where there is no Reference Obligation, select any 
Deliverable Obligation as the Reference Obligation; and 
(ii) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or no election 
is specified in the Final Terms) and a new obligation is placed on the SRO List in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity, then the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, select the new 
Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity as the Reference Obligation. 
The provisions of this definition may be applied by the Calculation Agent on more than one 
occasion and are without prejudice to the right of the Calculation Agent to determine a Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
Without prejudice to the paragraphs above: 
(a) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes, the Reference Obligation will be the Reference 
Obligation (if any) specified as such opposite the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex, 
subject to the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" below and the following 
paragraph: 
If there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement 
Reference Obligation for a Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent will select such Reference 
Obligation as the Reference Obligation hereunder for such Reference Entity rather than applying 
the provisions of the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" below; and 
(b) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Notes, the Reference Obligation will be the Reference 
Obligation (if any) specified as such in the Index and specified opposite the Reference Entity in 
the Index Annex, subject as provided in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Index Annex" above 
and to the "Substitute Reference Obligation" provisions herein. 
"Reference Obligation Only Notes" means any Notes in respect of which (a) "Reference Obligation 
Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category in the Final Terms 
and (b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Transaction" means a hypothetical credit derivative transaction: 
(a) 
for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms and the Reference Obligation are (i) the same as in 
respect of the Credit Linked Notes (if such Deliverable Obligation Terms and Reference 
Obligation are specified in the Final Terms) or (ii) if and to the extent the Deliverable Obligation 
Terms and/or the Reference Obligation are not specified, the Deliverable Obligation Terms and 
Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent to be appropriate in respect of a 
credit derivative transaction linked to the relevant Reference Entity; 
(b) 
with a scheduled termination date matching the Credit Observation End Date of the Credit 
Linked Notes; and 
(c) 
otherwise having such other characteristics as the Calculation Agent may determine appropriate 
by reference to, without limitation, the Issuer's hedging arrangements and/or any credit 
derivative elections made in relation to the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given in the DC Rules. 
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee.

--- Page 284 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
284 
 
 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the latest Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding 
Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if 
there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held 
by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required 
to be made under paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor below, make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, 
repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession to 
and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and (i) the 
Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or 
(ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, the Relevant Obligations 
shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and the 
Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated 
Obligation, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" 
shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan". 
"Relevant Time" means Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference 
Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign Tokyo time). 
"Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit 
Linked Condition 4. 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
4. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market and at the relevant time, which amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or 
de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; and 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on 
or prior to the Credit Observation End Date (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is sixty (60) 
days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date under any 
such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of

--- Page 285 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
285 
 
 
any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is sixty (60) days after the 
date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Credit Observation End Date unless the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" will be satisfied: 
(a) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and 
effectively received on or prior to the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days after the Credit 
Observation End Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with 
respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to (i) 
the Credit Observation End Date or relevant Interest Payment Date (determined by reference to 
the Relevant Time) or, (ii) if Credit Linked Condition 9(y) applies, the Postponed Maturity Date 
(determined by reference to the Relevant Time); or 
(b) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not 
applicable in the Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that are each effective 
on or prior to the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days after the Credit Observation End Date. 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, 
or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (A) an event does not 
constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity, or 
(B) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an 
Obligation of the Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Credit Observation End Date 
(determined by reference to the Relevant Time). 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date. A 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date 
of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension 
Notice 
need 
not 
be 
continuing 
on 
the 
date 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
"Resolve" has the meaning set out in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which 
the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that 
binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority 
and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all the holders of the Obligation or is 
announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that 
binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an 
exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as 
of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and the date 
as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of 
such Obligation to any other Obligation; or

--- Page 286 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
286 
 
 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency 
other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned 
currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and 
replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euro of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or 
has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion between 
euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there is 
no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
13(a) to 13(e) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax 
adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; 
and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
13(a) to 13(e) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly 
result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Reference Entity, provided that in respect of paragraph (e) above only, no such 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is 
required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as 
a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
For purposes of this definition of Restructuring and Credit Linked Condition 15, the term Obligation 
shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider 
of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity in the definition of Restructuring and the definition of Subordination shall be deemed to refer to 
the Underlying Obligor and the references to the Reference Entity in paragraphs (i) to (iv) of this 
definition of Restructuring shall continue to be deemed to refer to the Reference Entity. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraphs (a) to (e) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond 
immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following 
such exchange. 
"Restructuring Date" means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or as 
applicable, Valuation Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit 
Observation End Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond 
or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan") 
and the Credit Observation End Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity 
Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity 
date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. For these purposes, the final maturity date shall 
be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation, or as applicable, Valuation 
Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation, 
or as applicable, Valuation Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to 
be the date on which such determination is made.

--- Page 287 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
287 
 
 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the 
Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is determined 
either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (b) if such 
rate is not available at such time, by the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the Final Terms, or 
(b) 
if no such seniority level is specified in the Final Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which, 
(c) 
"Senior Level". 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms, or if no currency is 
specified in the Final Terms, the Specified Notes Currency of the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Set/Zero Recovery Price" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Settlement Method" means, if (a) Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method 
in the Final Terms, Auction Settlement or (b) Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement 
Method in the Final Terms, Cash Settlement, or (c) Physical Delivery is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the Final Terms, Physical Delivery. 
"Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the 
Final Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Noteholders in respect of only one 
Reference Entity. 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise 
varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular 
tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including without limiting the 
foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which is 
a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a 
Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and (b) which fell within paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above 
immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the 
terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or, other similar 
event. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Source(s) specified in the Final Terms, or if no such 
number is specified in the Final Terms, two. 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by 
ISDA on its website from time to time. 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor

--- Page 288 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
288 
 
 
currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency 
which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series 
of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more entities. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of that Reference Entity existed. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to 
which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided 
that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation 
if, at the time of the determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such 
obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of Substitution 
Event have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the 
"Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii)). If the event set forth in paragraph b(i) of the definition of 
Substitution Event below has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is 
identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under paragraphs (a) or (b)(ii) of the 
definition of Substitution Event below occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation provided that, in the absence of any notification to the contrary to the Holders by 
the Calculation Agent at any time on or prior to the date on which the Notes are due to be 
redeemed, the Substitute Reference Obligation which shall replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation shall be deemed to be, on any date, the security which is identified by its ISIN under 
the column entitled "RED Ref. Ob." which corresponds to the name of the relevant Reference 
Entity under the column entitled "RED Legal Name" which is found on Bloomberg Page 
"REDL" (or any successor page or service thereto) on such date. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it 
was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after 
such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(2) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation 
above; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed 
Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date:

--- Page 289 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
289 
 
 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
(other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(3) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no 
such obligation is available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation 
above; or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to 
the Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no 
such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
(other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes 
a Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation 
above. 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential 
Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the 
delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. The Calculation Agent will notify the Holders in accordance with General Condition 13 
of the Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been 
identified in accordance with paragraph (c) above and the Substitute Reference Obligation shall 
replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and 
the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation then, subject to paragraph (a) above and notwithstanding 
the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference 
Obligation in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall continue to 
attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
(f) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect 
of any Credit Linked Notes that are Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC 
Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve a 
Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the date, as publicly 
announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves 
to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has identified in 
accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation above.

--- Page 290 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
290 
 
 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; or 
(b) 
provided that the Credit Linked Notes to which the Non-Standard Reference Obligation relates 
are not Reference Obligation Only Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below US$ 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(ii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will 
not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. If an event described in paragraphs (a) or 
(b)(i) above has occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (b)(i) above as the case may be, on the 
Trade Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence 
of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to 
some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a 
Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of 
such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Successor below would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such 
Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity 
or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
"Successor" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (vii), if one entity succeeds, either directly or indirectly, as a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds directly as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more than 
twenty-five per cent. (but less than seventy-five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that 
succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will be the 
sole Successor; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds directly as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor and these Terms 
and Conditions and/or the Final Terms will be adjusted as provided below; 
(iv) 
if one or more entity each succeed directly as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
and more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each 
be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms will be adjusted 
as provided below; 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeed directly as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a 
portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the 
Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as a result of such succession;

--- Page 291 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
291 
 
 
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or indirectly, as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no 
entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to 
the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if 
two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such 
entity will be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms will 
be adjusted as provided below); and 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of 
the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, 
and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, 
or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) 
and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation 
at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity (the Universal 
Successor) will be the sole Successor; and 
(b) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, 
or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after January 1, 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately 
prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one 
Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after 
delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor or Successors 
under paragraph (a) above, Provided That the Calculation Agent will not make any such determination 
if, at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this 
definition of Successor on the basis of Eligible Information and will, as soon as practicable after such 
calculation or determination, make such calculation or determination available for inspection by 
Noteholders at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. In calculating the percentages used to 
determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under paragraph (a) above, if there is a Steps Plan, 
the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as 
if forming part of a single succession. 
Where pursuant to paragraphs a(iii), a(iv) or a(vi) or (b) above, more than one Successor has been 
identified, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms 
as it shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that the Reference Entity has been succeeded by more 
than one Successor (which amendments may, for the avoidance of doubt, include in the case of Tranched 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, such adjustments as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate 
to the numbers of Reference Entities specified as "H" and "L", having regard to any adjustments made 
to the notional portfolio to which the Notes relate) and shall determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be acting in a commercially reasonable manner if 
it adjusts such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms in such a manner as to reflect the 
adjustment to and/or division of any credit derivative transaction(s) related to or underlying the Credit 
Linked Notes under the provisions of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to Holders in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the adjustment to these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the Final Terms and giving brief details of the relevant Successor event. 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes which are Index Credit Linked Notes, if at any time there is a 
discrepancy between the Successor determined pursuant to the above and a Successor announced 
by the Index Sponsor, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the Credit Linked 
Notes as it determines in a commercially reasonable manner is necessary or desirable to remedy

--- Page 292 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
292 
 
 
or account for such discrepancy. Any amendment made pursuant to this paragraph shall be 
notified to Holders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a Relevant Obligation 
(the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if the 
Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having 
been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which 
succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant 
Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint 
Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant 
Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal 
parts. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeed" means, with respect to the Reference Entity 
and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable 
for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with 
respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, 
entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") 
that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a 
direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such 
Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeeded" and 
"succession" shall be construed accordingly. In the case of an exchange offer, the determinations required 
pursuant to paragraph (a) of this definition of "Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding 
principal balance of Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal 
balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
Notwithstanding the provisions above and sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Reference Entity, where 
one or more Reference Entities (each an "Affected Reference Entity") and/or the Issuer would, but for 
this provision, be identified as a Successor to another Reference Entity pursuant to the above provisions 
and at least one other entity which is not a Reference Entity or the Issuer is also identified as a Successor 
for the purposes of any succession, each Affected Reference Entity and/or the Issuer, as applicable, shall 
not be regarded as a "Successor" for the purposes of the Notes. Where pursuant to the provisions above 
or sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Reference Entity one or more Reference Entities (each an 
"Affected Reference Entity") and/or the Issuer would, but for this provision, be identified as a Successor 
to another Reference Entity pursuant to the above provisions but no other entities (that are not Reference 
Entities or the Issuer) are identified as a Successor in respect of the relevant succession, each Affected 
Reference Entity and/or the Issuer, as applicable, shall not be regarded as a "Successor" for the purposes 
of the Notes and, in respect of each Affected Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, the Calculation 
Agent shall use reasonable endeavours to (a) select an Alternative Reference Entity to be the Successor 
in respect of the relevant succession and (b) select an Alternative Reference Obligation to be the 
Reference Obligation in respect of such Alternative Reference Entity after the relevant succession and 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to the Conditions and/or the Final Terms as it 
determines to be necessary or desirable to reflect such Alternative Reference Entity and Alternative 
Reference Obligation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to select an Alternative Reference Entity or an 
Alternative Reference Obligation, then: (i) no Successor shall be appointed; (ii) the Affected Reference 
Entity to which the relevant succession relates shall be deemed to have ceased to be a Reference Entity; 
(iii) that portion of any interest payable which is referable to the purchase of credit protection purchased 
by the Issuer under the Notes in respect of the Affected Reference Entity shall be reduced accordingly as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and (iv) the Calculation Agent 
may make such adjustments to the Conditions and/or the Final Terms to account for the Successor 
Associated Costs, which may include, without limitation, reducing the Final Redemption Amount, Credit 
Event Redemption Amount or the Entitlement (as the case may be) by an amount equal to the Successor 
Associated Costs, in each case with effect from the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the 
relevant Succession Date. 
Where: 
"Alternative Reference Entity" means an entity which satisfies both the Industry Requirement (other 
than in the case of a Sovereign) and the Spread Requirement as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion; 
"Alternative Reference Obligation" means any obligation of the Alternative Reference Entity selected 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion which, as far as practicable, in the

--- Page 293 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
293 
 
 
determination of the Calculation Agent is substantially similar in economic terms to the relevant 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity for which a Successor falls to be determined pursuant to 
this definition of "Successor". An Alternative Reference Obligation may or may not be the applicable 
Standard Reference Obligation for the Alternative Reference Entity; 
"Industry Requirement" means an entity that is in the same industry group as the Reference Entity for 
which a Successor falls to be determined pursuant to this definition of "Successor", as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion by reference to such source(s) as it determines 
appropriate, including any international market data sources such as, but not limited to, credit rating 
agencies; 
"Spread" means the bid-side quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent from such leading dealer in 
the credit default swap market selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion for a 
credit default swap in respect of the relevant entity with a credit protection period commencing on the 
date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the date of the relevant Succession Date and ending on 
the Maturity Date and with the Reference Obligation(s) specified in the Final Terms or Alternative 
Reference Obligation(s), as applicable; 
"Spread Requirement" means an entity that, as at the date of selection, has a Spread not greater than 
the Spread of the Reference Entity for which a Successor falls to be determined pursuant to this definition 
of "Successor", immediately prior to the relevant Succession Date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
"Successor Associated Costs" means an amount per nominal amount of the Notes (which may not be 
less than zero) equal to such Notes' pro rata share multiplied by the Credit Multiplier (if any), of the total 
amount of any and all costs and losses associated with or incurred by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in 
connection with the Affected Reference Entity ceasing to be a Reference Entity, including, without 
limitation, any costs and losses associated with or incurred by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in 
connection with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any funding relating to the 
Notes and/or any hedge positions (including without limitation, any derivative transaction) relating to 
the Notes, and any related costs due to costs or losses being incurred prior to the maturity or settlement 
of the Notes, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date 
otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Successor 
Notice is effective and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has 
occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination and (C) the Successor Notice is delivered not more than fourteen calendar days 
after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor 
Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention. 
"Successor Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that describes 
a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in 
respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors to the 
Reference Entity can be determined. 
A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination to be made pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor above. 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to 
the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes" means either iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or 
CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision. In relation to a Credit Event (and as 
set out in the definition of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms), ISDA may publish one or more

--- Page 294 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
294 
 
 
form(s) of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor 
website thereto) and may amend such forms from time to time. Each such form of Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms shall set out, inter alia, definitions of "Auction", "Auction Cancellation 
Date", "Auction Covered Transaction" and "Auction Final Price Determination Date" in relation to 
the relevant Credit Event. The Transaction Auction Settlement Terms for purposes of the Credit Linked 
Notes shall be the relevant form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for which the Reference 
Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction (as such term will be set out in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms). The Reference Transaction (as set out in the definition thereof) 
is a hypothetical credit derivative transaction included in these Credit Linked Conditions principally for 
the purpose of selecting the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms appropriate to the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
"Trigger" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 1(d). 
"Triggering Reference Entity" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 1(d). 
"Undeliverable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Entitlement which, on the 
Credit Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines for any reason 
(including without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court 
order, contractual restrictions, statutory restrictions or market conditions but excluding the non-receipt 
of any requisite consents with respect to the Delivery of Loans or non-delivery of an Asset Transfer 
Notice or any relevant information by a holder) it is impossible or illegal to Deliver on the Credit 
Settlement Date. 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee. 
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, 
the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
"Unwind Costs" means the amount specified in the Final Terms or if "Standard Unwind Costs" are 
specified in the Final Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the aggregate sum 
of (without duplication) all costs (including loss of funding), fees, charges, expenses, tax and duties 
incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with the redemption or credit settlement 
of the Credit Linked Notes and the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedging 
Arrangements. 
"Valuation Date" means if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the Final Terms and subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 10, the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the Final Terms (or, if 
the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following the Credit Event 
Determination Date (or if the Credit Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) of 
the definition of Credit Event Determination Date above or paragraph (i) of the definition of Non-
Standard Credit Event Determination Date, the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs) 
(or, if Cash Settlement is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with 
paragraphs (b)(i) or (b)(ii) of Credit Linked Condition 2 (Auction Settlement) above, the date that is the 
number of Business Days (that is not less than 5 Business Days and not more than 122 Business Days) 
specified in the Final Terms or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) 
following the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, if any, 
as applicable), and if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the Final Terms, each of the following 
dates: 
(a) 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, the date that is the number of Business Days specified 
in the Final Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not specified, five Business Days) 
following the Credit Event Determination Date (or if the Credit Event Determination Date 
occurs pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date above or 
paragraph (i) of the definition of Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date, the day on 
which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs) (or if Cash Settlement is the applicable 
Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with paragraphs (b)(i) or (b)(ii) of Credit Linked 
Condition 2 (Auction Settlement) above, the date that is the number of Business Days (that is 
not less than 5 Business Days and not more than 122 Business Days) specified in the Final 
Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not specified, five Business Days) following the 
Auction Cancellation Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable); and

--- Page 295 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
295 
 
 
(b) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the Final Terms or, if the 
number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days after the date on which the 
Calculation Agent obtains a Market Value with respect to the immediately preceding Valuation 
Date. 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the Final Terms, the total number of Valuation Dates 
shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the Final Terms (or, if the number of 
Valuation Dates is not so specified, five Valuation Dates). 
If neither Single Valuation Date nor Multiple Valuation Dates is specified in the Final Terms, Single 
Valuation Date shall apply. 
"Valuation Method": 
(a) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the Final Terms with only one Valuation 
Date: 
(i) 
"Market" means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date. 
(b) 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the Final Terms, the Valuation Method shall be 
Highest. 
(c) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the Final Terms with more than one 
Valuation Date: 
(i) 
"Average Market" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to any Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
"Average Highest" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date. 
(d) 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the Final Terms, the Valuation Method shall be 
Average Highest. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) to (d) above, if Quotations include Weighted Average Quotations or 
fewer than two Full Quotations, the Calculation Agent may at its option determine that the Valuation 
Method shall be Market or Average Market, as the case may be. 
Where applicable, the Final Terms may specify an alternative Valuation Method which shall be 
applicable in respect of the relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
"Valuation Obligation" means in respect of a Reference Entity, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in the Credit Linked Conditions, one or more obligations of such Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee) which is capable of being specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement 
(or in any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable) if Physical Settlement were the 
applicable Settlement Method and/or any Asset in the related Asset Package in respect of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, in each case, as selected by the Issuer acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on or prior to the applicable Valuation Date, 
provided that, for such purpose, in respect of any Asset in the related Asset Package in respect of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, any reference to "Outstanding Principal Balance", 
"Due and Payable Amount" or "Outstanding Amount" in the definitions of "Final Price", "Full 
Quotation", "Quotation", "Quotation Amount" and "Weighted Average Quotation" shall be deemed to 
be a reference to the words "Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event". For the avoidance of doubt, the 
use of Deliverable Obligation terms in this definition of "Valuation Obligation" is for convenience only 
and is not intended to amend the selected settlement method.  
"Valuation Obligations Portfolio" means one or more Valuation Obligations of a Reference Entity 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, each in an Outstanding Amount (or, as the case may 
be, an Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event) selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good

--- Page 296 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
296 
 
 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (and references to "Quotation Amount" shall be 
construed accordingly), provided that the aggregate of such Outstanding Amounts (or in each case the 
equivalent in the Specified Currency thereof (converted at the foreign exchange rate prevailing on any 
date from (and including) the Event Determination Date to (and including) the Valuation Date, as 
selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner)), shall 
not exceed the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Final Terms or, if no time is so specified, 
11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Valuation Obligation. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors 
or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted average 
of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, each for an amount of the Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount 
(but, of a size at least equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in aggregate are approximately 
equal to the Quotation Amount. 
"Zero/Set Recovery Notes" means Notes in respect of which the applicable Settlement Method in the 
Final Terms is specified as "Not applicable": Zero/Set Recovery Notes". 
14. 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, this Credit Linked Condition 14 will apply where "Mod 
R" or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (whether by application of the Physical 
Settlement Matrix or otherwise), and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and 
Conditions: 
The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices in respect of such M(M)R 
Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount of the relevant Reference Entity 
Notional Amount to which such Restructuring Credit Event applies (the "Partial Redemption 
Amount") that may be less than the Aggregate Nominal Amount of those Credit Linked Notes 
outstanding immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the 
Credit Linked Conditions and related provisions shall be deemed to apply to the Partial Redemption 
Amount only and in respect of Credit Linked Notes respect of which Credit Linked Redemption is 
applicable and which may be redeemed prior to their scheduled maturity, save where: (i) Maturity Credit 
Redemption applies; or (ii) the Notes are Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes or Basket Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes; or (iii) 
the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Notes where Credit Payment on Maturity applies, each such Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed in 
part (such redeemed part being equal to the Partial Redemption Amount). 
(a) 
For the avoidance of doubt (A) the nominal amount of each Credit Linked Note not so redeemed in part 
shall remain outstanding and interest shall accrue on the nominal amount outstanding of such Credit 
Linked Note as provided in Credit Linked Condition 5 (adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent 
determines to be appropriate), (B) the Credit Linked Conditions and related provisions shall apply to 
such nominal amount outstanding of such Credit Linked Note in the event that subsequent Credit Event 
Notices are delivered in respect of the Reference Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring Credit 
Event and (C) if, following a Restructuring Credit Event, different Credit Event Determination Dates 
have been determined with respect to different portions of amounts payable or deliverable to Noteholders 
under the relevant Series, the Calculation Agent will (x) determine such adjustment(s) to these Terms 
and Conditions as may be required to achieve as far as practicable the same economic effect as if each 
such portion was a separate series or otherwise reflect or account for the effect of the above provisions 
of this Credit Linked Condition 14 and (y) the effective date of such adjustment(s). 
(b) 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14(c) apply in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, on 
redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note the relevant Credit Linked Note or, if the Credit 
Linked Notes are represented by a Global Note, such Global Note, shall be endorsed to reflect such part 
redemption. 
(c) 
In addition, in the case of First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes:

--- Page 297 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
297 
 
 
Once a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the First Reference Entity, where the 
Credit Event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event Notices may be delivered in respect 
of any other Reference Entity. 
(d) 
In addition, in the case of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes: 
Once a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the Triggering Reference Entity, 
where the Credit event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event Notices may be delivered 
in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
(e) 
In addition, in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short 
Credit Linked Notes that reference any of a Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, Tranched Linear 
Basket Exposure, Non-Tranched Index Exposure, Tranched Index Exposure or Basket Tranched Index 
Exposure: 
Once a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity in the Basket, 
where the Credit Event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event Notices may be delivered 
in respect of such Reference Entity. 
15. 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation 
If this Credit Linked Condition 15 is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the definition of Restructuring and related provisions, the occurrence of, 
agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described in sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of the 
definition of "Restructuring" shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such 
events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (ii) 
is (A) a Bond and/or (B) an Obligation with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six 
and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event. 
16. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entities (September 2014)" 
If this Credit Linked Condition 16 is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the following provisions 
will apply: 
(a) 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation. Paragraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" in Credit Linked 
Condition 13 and paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" in Credit Linked Condition 
13 are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate 
Guarantee". 
(b) 
Interpretation of Provisions. In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying 
Policy, paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" in Credit Linked Condition 13 will 
apply, with references to the Qualifying Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying 
Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, 
respectively, except that: 
(i) 
the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category and Deliverable 
Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include distributions payable under an Insured 
Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the 
Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, 
and the terms "obligation" and "obligor" as used in these Credit Linked Conditions in respect 
of such an Insured Instrument shall be construed accordingly; 
(ii) 
references in the definitions of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan to the "guarantor" 
and "guaranteeing" shall be deemed to include the "insurer" and "insuring", respectively; 
(iii) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant date the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of Accelerated or Matured, whether or not that 
characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the Final Terms; 
(iv) 
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation or Transferable 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are specified in the Final Terms and if the benefit of the 
"Qualifying Policy" is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the

--- Page 298 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
298 
 
 
"Qualifying Policy" must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument; 
and 
(v) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the term "Outstanding Principal Balance" shall mean the outstanding 
Certificate Balance and "maturity", as such term is used in the Maximum Maturity Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by which the "Qualifying Policy" 
guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will 
occur. 
(c) 
Deliver. For the purposes of the definition of "Deliver" in Credit Linked Condition 13, "Deliver" with 
respect to an obligation that is a "Qualifying Policy" means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and 
the benefit of the "Qualifying Policy" (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised 
custodian representing an interest in such an Insured Instrument and the related "Qualifying Policy"), and 
"Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
Provisions for Determining a Successor. The paragraph commencing "For the purposes of this definition 
of "Successor" in the definition of "Successor" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby amended by 
adding "or insurer" after "or guarantor". 
(e) 
Restructuring 
(i) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto, paragraphs (a) to (e) 
inclusive of the definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 are hereby amended 
to read as follows: 
"(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments in paragraph 
(A)(x) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying 
Policy"; 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph 
(A)(y) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying 
Policy"; 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment 
or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph (A)(x) of the definition 
thereof or (y) the payment of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph (A)(y) 
of the definition thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying 
Policy"; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (x) any Obligation under a 
Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of 
such Obligation to any other Obligation or (y) any Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination of such Insured Instrument to any other instrument in the form of a pass-
through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, 
it being understood that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any 
such change that results in a lower ranking under a priority of payments provision 
applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of Instrument 
Payments that are guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying Policy" to any currency 
(other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom 
and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of 
the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency 
which succeeds to and replaces the euro as a whole)." 
(ii) 
Paragraph (c) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby 
amended by adding "or, in the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where (A) 
the "Qualifying Policy" continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same Instrument 
Payments will be made on the same dates on which the "Qualifying Policy" guaranteed or 
insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event and (B) such event is 
not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the "Qualifying Policy" after "Reference 
Entity".

--- Page 299 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
299 
 
 
(iii) 
The definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby amended by the 
insertion of the following paragraph after the final paragraph thereof: 
"For purposes of this definition of "Restructuring" in and if Credit Linked Condition 15 is 
specified as applying in the Final Terms, for the purposes of the Credit Linked Conditions the 
term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for which the Reference 
Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an 
Insured Instrument, references to the Reference Entity in this definition of "Restructuring" shall 
be deemed to refer to the Insured Obligor and the references to the Reference Entity in 
paragraphs (a) to (c) inclusive in this definition of "Restructuring" shall continue to refer to the 
Reference Entity." 
(f) 
Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation. In the event that M(M)R 
Restructuring is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and a Fully Transferable Obligation or 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the 
requirements of the relevant definition. References in the definition of "Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation" to the "guarantor" and "guaranteeing" shall be deemed to include "the "insurer" and 
"insuring" respectively. With respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is used in Credit Linked 
Condition 4 and the definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date", shall mean the specified date 
by which the "Qualifying Policy" guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of 
the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(g) 
Other Provisions. For purposes of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" and the 
definitions of "Credit Event" and "Deliver" in Credit Linked Condition 13 references to the "Underlying 
Obligation" and the "Underlying Obligor" shall be deemed to include "Insured Instruments" and the 
"Insured Obligor", respectively. 
(h) 
Additional Definitions. 
(i) 
"Qualifying Policy" means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial guarantee 
pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments 
of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth in this Credit Linked 
Condition 16) (the "Insured Instrument") for which another party (including a special purpose 
entity or trust) is the obligor (the "Insured Obligor"). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any 
arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or 
(ii) pursuant to the express contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
or circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). 
(ii) 
"Instrument Payments" means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of 
a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic 
distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the 
ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the ultimate distribution of the Certificate 
Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) in the case of any other Insured Instrument, the 
scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the case of both (A) and (B) excluding sums in 
respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption 
premiums and other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying 
Policy"). 
(iii) 
"Certificate Balance" means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass 
through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate 
balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
17. 
Calculation Agent Notices 
Any notice to be delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, pursuant 
to these Credit Linked Conditions may be given in writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or 
by telephone. Any such notice will be effective when given, regardless of the form in which it is 
delivered. A notice given by telephone will be deemed to have been delivered at the time the telephone 
conversation takes place. If the notice is delivered by telephone, a written confirmation will be executed 
and delivered confirming the substance of that notice within one Calculation Agent City Business Day 
of that notice. Failure to provide that written confirmation will not affect the effectiveness of that 
telephonic notice.

--- Page 300 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
300 
 
 
For the purposes of determining the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Credit Linked 
Conditions, the Calculation Agent will determine the demarcation of days by reference to Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Reference Entity has a material connection to Japan for these purposes, Tokyo 
time) irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall 
be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
In addition, if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on 
the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have 
occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Reference Entity has a material 
connection to Japan for these purposes, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
18. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for LPN Reference 
Entities" (published on September 15, 2014) 
(a) 
If this Credit Linked Condition 18 is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, the following provisions will apply: provisions relating 
to Multiple Holder Obligation will be deemed to be not applicable with respect to any Reference 
Obligation (and any Underlying Loan); 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit 
Linked Conditions including, but not limited to the definition of "Obligation" in Credit Linked Condition 
13, and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(c) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Credit Linked Conditions including, but not limited to the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" in 
Credit Linked Condition 13 and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of 
the Reference Entity. 
For the avoidance of doubt with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an 
Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the outstanding principal balance shall 
be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as 
applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation. 
The Not Subordinated Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall 
be construed by reference to the Prior Reference Obligation; 
(d) 
the definition of Reference Obligation shall be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
(i) 
"Reference Obligation" means, as of the Trade Date, each of the obligations listed as a 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity in the Final Terms or set forth on the relevant 
LPN Reference Obligations List (each a "Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation"), as 
published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date, any 
Additional LPN and each Additional Obligation; and 
(ii) 
the following additional definitions shall apply: 
"Additional LPN" means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (a "LPN") 
by an entity (the "LPN Issuer") for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to 
(a) finance a loan to the Reference Entity (the "Underlying Loan") or (b) provide finance to 
the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument (the 
"Underlying Finance Instrument"), provided that (i) either (x) in the event that there is an 
Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN the Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation 
Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference Entity or (y) in the event that there is an 
Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument 
satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation 
Characteristics (ii) the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Transferable, Not Bearer, Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic 
Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and (iii) the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, 
granted a First Ranking Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant 
Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of the holders 
of the LPNs. 
"Additional Obligation" means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of 
the Reference Entity in the Final Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations 
List (each a "Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation"), as published by Markit Group 
Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date.

--- Page 301 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
301 
 
 
"First Ranking Interest" means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having 
similar effect) (an "Interest"), which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", or 
similar ("First Ranking") in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such 
Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any related insolvency 
jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
"LPN Reference Obligation" means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional 
Obligation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in 
accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation constituting a 
Reference Obligation. 
Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the Issuer 
to finance a loan to the Reference Entity. For the purposes of the Credit Linked Conditions each 
such loan shall be an Underlying Loan. 
19. 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions 
(i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time 
published by ISDA with respect to the settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or (b) the operation 
or application of determinations by the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) 
in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines in a commercially reasonable manner is necessary 
or desirable to reflect or account for market practice for credit derivative transactions and/or reflect or 
account for a Hedge Disruption Event. Any amendment made in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Condition 19 shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
20. 
Physical Settlement Matrix 
If Physical Settlement Matrix is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the provisions specified as 
applicable and, if applicable, as amended in each case as set out below, in respect of the applicable 
Transaction Type(s) set out in the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on the Date of the Physical Settlement Matrix 
specified in the Final Terms or, if no such date is specified, on the most recent date on or prior to the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche (the "ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix") shall apply and the relevant 
provisions of the Final Terms shall be deemed to be completed on this basis and the corresponding line 
items in the Final Terms may be deleted or reference to 'As per the Physical Settlement Matrix' may be 
inserted. The ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix will be available at http://www.isda.org/c_and_a/Credit-
Derivatives-Physical-Settlement-Matrix.html (or any successor website thereto) (which website or any 
such successor website shall not form part of the Final Terms). 
 
Provision 
Applicable/Not 
applicable 
Amendments to ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix  
All Guarantees 
Applicable 
None 
Credit Events 
Applicable 
References to "Floating Rate Payer Calculation 
Amount" shall be deemed to be references to "the 
relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount". 
Obligation Category 
Applicable 
None 
Obligation Characteristics 
Applicable 
None 
Physical Settlement Period 
Applicable 
References to "Section 8.6 of the Definitions" shall be 
deemed to be references to "the definition of Physical 
Settlement Period in Credit Linked Condition 13". 
Deliverable Obligation 
Category 
Applicable 
None

--- Page 302 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
302 
 
 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics 
Applicable 
None 
Additional Provisions for 
Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entities (15 
September 2014) 
Applicable 
i. 
The reference to "Additional Provisions for 
Monoline 
Insurer 
Reference 
Entities 
(15 
September 2014 )" shall be deemed to be a 
reference to "Credit Linked Condition 16 – 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled 
"Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entities (September 2014)"; and 
 
 
ii. the reference to "the relevant Confirmation" shall 
be deemed to be a reference to "the applicable 
Final Terms". 
Additional Provisions for 
LPN Reference Entities 
(September 15, 2014) 
Applicable 
References to "Additional Provisions for LPN 
Reference Entities (September 15, 2014)" shall be 
deemed to be references to Credit Linked Condition 
18 (Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled 
"Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Entities" 
(published on September 15, 2014)". 
The Transaction Types applicable to Index Credit Linked Notes as specified in the relevant Index Annex 
will also lead to provisions in the relevant Physical Settlement Matrix applying and additional supplements 
and/or additional provisions depending on such Transaction Type (as applicable). The Calculation Agent 
may make such changes as it deems necessary (including but not limited to those set out above) to ensure 
that the terms of the Index Credit Linked Notes match any hedging transactions it has in place for them. If 
any additional provisions relating to the Physical Settlement Matrix are specified in the Final Terms, this 
Credit Linked Condition 20 shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes.  
21. 
Early redemption of Reference Obligation Only Notes following a Substitution Event 
If the Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes relating to a single Reference Entity and the event set 
out in paragraph (a) of the definition of Substitution Event above occurs with respect to the Reference 
Obligation, then:  
i. interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on the Credit Linked Notes from and including 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the relevant Substitution Event Date 
or, if no Interest Payment Date has occurred, no interest will accrue on the Credit 
Linked Notes; and 
ii. each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its relevant Reference 
Obligation Only Termination Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the Final Terms in the Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, which 
for the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 21 shall be the day falling five 
Business Days following the relevant Substitution Event Date. 
22. 
DC Resolution Adjustment Events 
If following the publication of a DC Resolution (the "Prior DC Resolution"), a further DC Resolution 
(the relevant "Further DC Resolution") is published the effect of which would be to reverse all or part 
of the Prior DC Resolution or if any DC Resolution would reverse any determination made by the 
Calculation Agent and/or the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, notwithstanding any 
other provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, make any adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent determines is necessary or desirable to the 
General Conditions or these Credit Linked Conditions to reflect the publication of such Further DC 
Resolution or DC Resolution, including, without limitation, as a result of the impact or effect of such 
Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution on the Issuer's Hedging Arrangements.

--- Page 303 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
303 
 
 
CREDIT INDEX DISCLAIMERS  
Index Credit Linked Notes are linked to a Credit Index. 
The indices which are specified in the Final Terms in relation to Index Credit Linked Notes (each, for the purposes 
of this disclaimer only, a "Credit Index"), are the property of Markit Indices Limited (the "Index Sponsor") and 
has been licensed for use in connection with the Credit Linked Notes. Each of the Noteholders acknowledges and 
agrees that the Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, or promoted by the Index Sponsor. The Index Sponsor makes 
no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, and hereby expressly disclaims all warranties 
(including, without limitation, those of the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use), with respect 
to the Credit Index or any data included therein or relating thereto, and in particular disclaims any warranty either 
as to the quality, accuracy and/or completeness of the Credit Index or any data included therein, the results 
obtained from the use of the Credit Index and/or the composition of the Credit Index at any particular time on any 
particular date or otherwise and/or the creditworthiness of any entity, or the likelihood of the occurrence of a 
credit event or similar event (however defined) with respect to an obligation, in the Credit Index at any particular 
time on any particular date or otherwise. The Index Sponsor shall not be liable (whether in negligence or 
otherwise) to the parties or any other person for any error in the Credit Index, and the Index Sponsor is under no 
obligation to advise the parties or any person of any error therein.  
The Index Sponsor makes no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of 
purchasing or selling the Credit Linked Notes, the ability of the Credit Index to track relevant markets' 
performances, or otherwise relating to the Credit Index or any transaction or product with respect thereto, or of 
assuming any risks in connection therewith. The Index Sponsor has no obligation to take the needs of any party 
into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Credit Index. No party purchasing or selling the 
Credit Linked Notes, nor the Index Sponsor shall have any liability to any party for any act or failure to act by the 
Index Sponsor in connection with the determination, adjustment, calculation or maintenance of the Credit Index.  
"iTraxx®", "Markit iTraxx® Europe" and any other Index using the title "Markit iTraxx® Europe" are service 
marks of Markit Indices Limited and have been licensed for use by the Issuer. 
"CDX™", "Markit CDX™ North American IG/HY/XO" and the title "Markit CDX.NA.IG/HY." Followed by a 
specified sector, series or version are service marks of Markit North America, Inc. and have been licensed for use 
by the Issuer.

--- Page 304 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
 
304 
 
 
ANNEX 9 - ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED NOTES  
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to EUA Contract Linked Notes 
shall comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for EUA Contract Linked Notes 
ass set out below (the "EUA Contract Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in 
each other Annex which is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the EUA Contract Linked Conditions, the 
EUA Contract Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the EUA Contract Linked 
Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Definitions  
"Abandonment of Scheme" means the Scheme is, as a result of official written public pronouncement by the 
European Community, no longer scheduled to proceed or is to be discontinued;  
"Absence of Registry Operation" means, other than by reason of the occurrence of an Administrator Event, the 
absence of:  
(a) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the Relevant Registry;  
(b) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the EUTL;  
(c) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the link between each of the Relevant Registry and 
the EUTL; and/or  
(d) 
the continued functioning of the link between each of the LSTL and the EUTL;  
"Administrator Event" means the suspension of some or all of the processes of the Relevant Registry, the EUTL 
or, if applicable, the LSTL, in accordance with the Registries Regulation by the relevant National Administrator 
or the Central Administrator (as applicable) (a) where that Relevant Registry is not operated and maintained in 
accordance with the provisions of the Registries Regulation, or any other applicable law, (b) for the purpose of 
carrying out scheduled or emergency maintenance, (c) where there has been or following reasonable suspicion of, 
a breach of Note which threatens the integrity of the registries system (including any back up facilities) or (d) 
where the mutual recognition of EU Allowances under a relevant Linking Agreement has been suspended in 
accordance with the terms of such Linking Agreement;  
"Basket Component" means any EUA Contract comprised in a Basket of EUA Contracts;  
"Basket of EUA Contracts" means a basket comprising two or more EUA Contracts;  
"Central Administrator" means the person designated by the EU Commission to operate and maintain the 
EUTL pursuant to Article 20(1) of the Emissions Directive;  
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of an EUA Contract Reference Price, the relevant date or month for delivery 
of the underlying EUA Contract (which must be a date or month reported or capable of being determined from 
information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as follows:  
(a) 
if the Notes are not Rolling Futures Contract Notes:  
(i) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the applicable Final Terms, that date or that 
month and year;  
(ii) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the month of expiration of the 
relevant Futures Contract; and  
(iii) 
if a method is specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining the 
Delivery Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to that method;  
(b) 
if the Notes are Rolling Futures Contract Notes, the delivery date for a futures contract selected by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on the Futures 
Rollover Date or if none the Issue Date. 
"Disappearance of EUA Contract Reference Price" means (a) the permanent discontinuation of trading, in the 
relevant Futures Contract or EUA Contract on the relevant Exchange or (b) the disappearance of, or of trading in, 
the relevant Futures Contract or EUA Contract Component or (c) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance

--- Page 305 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
 
305 
 
 
or unavailability of a EUA Contract Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source 
or the status of trading in the relevant Futures Contract or EUA Contract;  
"Emissions Directive" means Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of October 
13, 2003 establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance trading within the Community and 
amending Council Directive 96/61/EC, as amended from time to time;  
"EUA Contract" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Annex, the EUA Contract(s) or Futures 
Contract(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, and related expressions shall be construed accordingly;  
"EUA Contract Business Day" means:  
(a) 
in respect of a EUA Contract:  
(i) 
where the EUA Contract Reference Price for the relevant EUA Contract is announced or 
published by an Exchange, any day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event, would have been) a day on which each relevant Exchange is open for trading during its 
regular trading sessions and notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled 
closing time; or  
(ii) 
 a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for the occurrence of a 
Market Disruption Event, would have published) a price for the relevant EUA Contract; or  
(b) 
in the case of a Basket of EUA Contracts, a day on which the EUA Contract Reference Price in respect 
of all of the Basket Components is scheduled to be published or announced in accordance with (i) and 
(ii) above;  
"EUA Contract Disrupted Day" means any day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred;  
"EUA Contract Fallback Value" means:  
(a) 
in respect of any EUA Contract, the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided to the Calculation Agent 
by each of the Reference Dealers as its EUA Contract Reference Price for the relevant Pricing Date of 
the relevant EUA Contract, provided that if only three such quotations are so provided, the EUA Contract 
Fallback Value shall be the EUA Contract Reference Price remaining after disregarding the EUA 
Contract Reference Prices having the highest and lowest values (or if more than one such highest or 
lowest, one only of them). If fewer than three such quotations are so provided, it will be deemed that 
such value cannot be determined and the relevant value shall be the good faith estimate of the Calculation 
Agent; or  
(b) 
in respect of any Basket of EUA Contracts, the price for such Basket of EUA Contracts in respect of 
the relevant Pricing Date determined by the Calculation Agent using the price or level for each Basket 
Component determined as follows:  
(i) 
in respect of each Basket Component, which is not affected by the Market Disruption Event, 
the closing price or level or settlement price, as applicable, of such Basket Component on such 
Pricing Date; and  
(ii) 
in respect of each Basket Component, which is affected by the Market Disruption Event (each 
an "Affected Item"), the closing price or level or settlement price, as applicable, for such 
Affected Item on the first succeeding EUA Contract Business Day that is not a EUA Contract 
Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive EUA Contract Business Days equal 
to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Pricing 
Date is a EUA Contract Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Pricing Date 
shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a EUA Contract Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price 
or level of such Affected Item based upon the price at which the Issuer is able to sell or otherwise 
realise any hedge positions in respect of the Notes during the period of five EUA Contract 
Business Days following the last such consecutive EUA Contract Business Day;  
"EUA Contract Reference Price" means the EUA Contract Reference Price specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
"EU Allowance" or "EUA" means an allowance to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide (CO2) equivalent during a 
specified period which is valid for meeting emissions related commitment obligations under the Scheme and 
including allowances stemming from emission trading systems that are linked with the EU ETS pursuant to Article

--- Page 306 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
 
306 
 
 
25 of the Emissions Directive relating to a specified compliance period which may be either the Third Compliance 
Period or the Fourth Compliance Period depending on the underlying of the EUA Contract Reference Price;  
"EU ETS" has the meaning given to it in the Emissions Directive;  
"EUTL" means the independent transaction log provided for in Article 20(1) of the Emissions Directive, the 
operation of which is further detailed in Article 5 of the Registries Regulation;  
"Exchange" means the exchange or principal trading market for such EUA Contract specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or in the EUA Contract Reference Price;  
"Final Pricing Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Fourth Compliance Period" means the period starting on January 1, 2021 and ending on December 31, 2030;  
"Futures Contract" means, in respect of a EUA Contract Reference Price, the contract for future delivery of a 
contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to the EUA Contract referred to in that EUA Contract 
Reference Price;  
"Futures Rollover Date" means either:  
(a) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(b) 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
within the period ("Futures Rollover Period") specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation 
Agent, any Affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Calculation Agent or any third party) from 
time to time who directly or indirectly hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes or where no such 
party hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor, who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging 
such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or be deemed to hold such number of EU Allowances, or enter or 
be deemed to enter into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, 
such number of EU Allowances as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers 
would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the Notes;  
"Holding Account" means a form of digital record maintained in a Registry (pursuant to and in accordance with 
the Registries Regulation) that is able to be used to record the allocation (if applicable), holding and transfer of 
EU Allowances that are to be delivered in respect of any hedging arrangements entered into by the Hedge Provider 
pursuant to and in accordance with the Scheme;  
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the 
context of the relevant situation), which may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or organised in 
any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent or 
any of their Affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation);  
"Initial Pricing Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Intraday Price" means the Relevant Price of such EUA Contract at such time on such day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, subject as provided in EUA Contract Linked Condition 4 (Consequences of a Market 
Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks);  
"Limit Price Event" means that the settlement price of any EUA Contract or Futures Contract relating to the 
relevant EUA Contract has increased or decreased from the previous day's published settlement price by an 
amount equal to the maximum amount permitted under the applicable exchange rules for such EUA Contract or 
Futures Contract relating to the relevant EUA Contract;  
"Linking Agreement" means an agreement between the European Union and a non-Member State on the linking 
of their greenhouse gas emissions trading systems, as envisaged under Article 25 of the Emissions Directive and 
which has entered into force in accordance with its terms, as amended from time to time;  
"LSTL" means a transaction log of a non-Member State that is linked to the EUTL under the terms of a relevant 
Linking Agreement;

--- Page 307 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
 
307 
 
 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the content, 
composition or constitution of the relevant EUA Contract or Futures Contract relating to the relevant EUA 
Contract;  
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the formula 
for or the method of calculating the relevant EUA Contract Reference Price used to calculate the EUA Contract 
Reference Price;  
"National Administrator" means (a) the entity responsible for administering, on behalf of a Member State, a set 
of user accounts under the jurisdiction of a Member State in the Union Registry as designated in accordance with 
Article 7 of the Registries Regulation or (b) the entity identified as an administrator in respect of an LSTL;  
"Nearby Month", when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a Delivery Date and a Pricing 
Date, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract identified by that numerical adjective, so that, for example, 
(a) "First Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire following that 
Pricing Date; (b) "Second Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the second Futures Contract to 
expire following that Pricing Date; and (c) "Sixth Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the sixth 
Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date;  
"Price Source" means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an Exchange) containing (or 
reporting) the Specified Price (or prices from which the Specified Price is calculated) specified in the relevant 
EUA Contract Reference Price;  
"Price Source Disruption" means (a) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the Specified Price 
(or the information necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant EUA Contract Reference Price, 
or (b) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source;  
"Pricing Date" means each date specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Initial Pricing Date, a Coupon 
Valuation Date, a Redemption Valuation Date, the Final Pricing Date or any other date on which a Relevant Price 
is to be determined or if any such date is not an EUA Contract Business Day, the immediately succeeding EUA 
Contract Business Day, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is an EUA Contract Disrupted 
Day. If such day is a EUA Contract Disrupted Day, then: 
(iii) 
in the case of EUA Contract Linked Notes relating to a single EUA Contract, the Pricing Date 
shall be the first succeeding EUA Contract Business Day  that is not a EUA Contract Disrupted 
Day, unless each of the number of consecutive EUA Contract Business Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Pricing Date is 
an EUA Contract Disrupted Day. In that case, (a) the last such consecutive EUA Contract 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is 
an EUA Contract Disrupted Day, and (b) the Issuer shall take action in accordance with the 
provisions of EUA Contract Linked Condition 4.2; or 
(iv) 
in the case of EUA Contract Linked Notes relating to a Basket of EUA Contracts, the Pricing 
Date for each EUA Contracts not affected by the occurrence of a EUA Contract Disrupted Day 
shall be the Pricing Date, and the Pricing Date for each EUA Contract affected (each an 
"Affected EUA Contract") by the occurrence of a EUA Contract Disrupted Day  shall be the 
first succeeding EUA Contract Business Day that is not a EUA Contract Disrupted Day  relating 
to the Affected EUA Contract unless each of the number of consecutive EUA Contract Business 
Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled 
Pricing Date is a EUA Contract Disrupted Day relating to the Affected EUA Contract. In that 
case, (a) the last such consecutive EUA Contract Business Day  shall be deemed to be the Pricing 
Date for the Affected EUA Contract, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a EUA Contract 
Disrupted Day, and (b) the Issuer shall take action in accordance with the provisions of EUA 
Contract Linked Condition 4.2 
"Reference Dealers" means four leading dealers in the relevant EUA Contracts market selected by the Calculation 
Agent;  
"Registries Regulation" means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/1122 of March 12, 2019 
supplementing Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the functioning 
of the Union Registry, as amended from time to time;

--- Page 308 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
 
308 
 
 
"Registry" means the registry established by a Member State, a non-Member State or the EU, in order to ensure 
the accurate accounting of the issue, holding, transfer, acquisition, surrender, cancellation and replacement of EU 
Allowances. For the avoidance of doubt, references to a Registry shall include the Union Registry and the Holding 
Accounts within the Union Registry that are under the jurisdiction of a single National Administrator designated 
by a Member State and will together be deemed to be a Registry for that Member State;  
"Relevant Price" means, for any Pricing Date, the price determined with respect to that day for the specified EUA 
Contract Reference Price calculated as provided in these EUA Contract Linked Conditions and the applicable 
Final Terms;  
"Relevant Registry" means the Registry (or Registries) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if not 
so specified, each of the Registry in Spain and the Registry in the Netherlands;  
"Scheduled Pricing Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Market 
Disruption Event, would have been a Pricing Date on which a Relevant Price would have been determined;  
"Scheme" means the scheme for transferring EU Allowances established pursuant to the Emissions Directive and 
the Registries Regulation, and as implemented by the national laws of Member States;  
"Settlement Disruption Event" means an event or circumstance beyond the control of the Hedge Provider that 
cannot, after the use of all reasonable efforts, be overcome and which makes it impossible for such Hedge Provider 
to deliver or accept EU Allowances in accordance with the terms of any hedging arrangements entered into by the 
Hedge Provider or otherwise trade EU Allowances, or there is any limitation, restriction or impossibility of 
transfer of EU Allowances in the market generally. For the avoidance of doubt, the inability of the Hedge Provider 
to deliver EU Allowances as a result of insufficient EU Allowances available to it, whether caused by the low or 
non-allocation of EU Allowances by a Member State or any other state, the delay or failure of a Member State or 
Central Administrator to replace allowances for a subsequent compliance period or the failure to procure sufficient 
EU Allowances to meet its delivery obligations, shall not constitute a Settlement Disruption Event;  
"Settlement Price" means, in respect of a single EUA Contract, the Relevant Price, or unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, in the case of a Basket of EUA Contracts, the sum of the values calculated in respect 
of each Basket Component as the Relevant Price of such Basket Component multiplied by the relevant Weighting;  
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means five (5) EUA Contract Business Days or such other number 
of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Specified Price" means, in respect of a EUA Contract Reference Price, any of the following prices (which must 
be a price reported in or by, or capable of being determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price 
Source), as specified in the applicable Final Terms (and, if applicable, as of the time so specified): (a) the high 
price; (b) the low price; (c) the average of the high price and the low price; (d) the closing price; (e) the opening 
price; (f) the bid price; (g) the asked price; (h) the average of the bid price and the asked price; (i) the settlement 
price; (j) the official settlement price; (k) the official price; (l) the morning fixing; (m) the afternoon fixing; (n) 
the spot price; (o) the arithmetic average of bid and offer prices at 5.30pm (CET time) on the Pricing Date;  
"Tax Disruption" means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, 
transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to the relevant EUA Contract 
or Futures Contract relating to the relevant EUA Contract (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to overall 
gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such 
imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the Relevant Price on the day that would otherwise be a Pricing 
Date from what it would have been without that imposition, change or removal;  
"Third Compliance Period" means the period starting on January 1, 2013 and ending on December 31, 2020;  
"Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, trading in the 
relevant EUA Contract or Futures Contract relating to relevant the EUA Contract or, in the case of any additional 
futures contract, options contract, on any Exchange as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For these purposes:  
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the EUA Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, on any EUA 
Contract Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if:  
(i) 
all trading in the EUA Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, is suspended for the 
entire Pricing Date; or

--- Page 309 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
 
309 
 
 
(ii) 
all trading in the EUA Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, is suspended subsequent 
to the opening of trading on the Pricing Date, trading does not recommence prior to the regularly 
scheduled close of trading in such Futures Contract or EUA Contract, as the case may be, on 
such Pricing Date and such suspension is announced less than one hour preceding its 
commencement; and  
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant EUA Contract or Futures Contract relating to the relevant EUA 
Contract, as the case may be, on any EUA Contract Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if 
the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of the relevant EUA Contract 
or Futures Contract, as the case may be, may fluctuate and the closing or settlement price of the relevant 
EUA Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, on such day is at the upper or lower limit of that 
range; and  
"Valuation Time" means the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Valuation Time is 
specified, the close of trading on the Exchange on the relevant Pricing Date. 
"Weighting" means the weighting (if any) to be applied to each item comprising the Basket of EUA Contracts if, 
and as specified in the Final Terms or if no such weighting is so specified then no weighting shall apply to any 
such item. 
"Union Registry" means the Registry referred to as the "Union registry" in Article 19(1) of the Emissions 
Directive.  
2. 
Market Disruption  
"Market Disruption Event" means, for an EUA Contract, the occurrence or existence of:  
(a) Price Source Disruption;  
(b) Trading Disruption;  
(c) Disappearance of EUA Contract Reference Price;  
(d) Limit Price Event;  
(e) Material Change in Content;  
(f) Tax Disruption;  
(g) Settlement Disruption Event;  
(h) Abandonment of Scheme;  
(i) Administrator Event; or  
(j) Absence of Registry Operations  
(k) Material Change in Formula;  
 
(each of which is defined in EUA Contract Linked Condition 1 above). 
 
3. Determination of Market Disruption Events  
 
The Calculation Agent will determine if a Market Disruption Event has occurred acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. Where the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances is capable of 
triggering more than one Market Disruption Event, the Issuer may determine which Market Disruption Event is 
to be triggered, in its sole and absolute discretion.  
 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers a Market Disruption Event, the 
Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the Trade Date, of any event or set of 
circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of circumstances occurs more than once.

--- Page 310 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
 
310 
 
 
4. Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks  
 
4.1  
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer or shall, as 
soon as reasonably practicable after having been notified of such determination by the Calculation Agent, 
give notice ("Market Disruption Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with in accordance 
with General Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter (which notice shall be irrevocable) 
of the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event (the date on which a Market Disruption Event Notice 
is given, a "Market Disruption Event Notification Date") and set out, if determined at that time, the 
action that it has determined to take in respect of the Market Disruption Event pursuant to EUA Contract 
Linked Note Condition 4.2 below. Where the action that the Issuer or has determined to take is not, for 
whatever reason, set out in the Market Disruption Event Notice, the action that the Issuer has determined 
to take shall be set out in a subsequent notice given to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
13 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable after the Market Disruption Event Notification Date.  
For such purposes, a Market Disruption Event shall be considered to be "continuing" if it has not been 
 
remedied to the reasonable satisfaction of the Issuer.  
The Issuer shall provide Noteholders with a Market Disruption Event Notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable following the determination of a Market Disruption Event. However, neither the Issuer, the 
Guarantor nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, underperformance or opportunity 
cost suffered or incurred by any Noteholder or any other person in connection with the Notes as a result 
of any delay, howsoever arising. If the Issuer gives a Market Disruption Event Notice, it shall have no 
obligation to make any payment or delivery in respect of the EUA Contract Linked Notes until it has 
determined the action that it has determined to take pursuant to EUA Contract Linked Condition 4.2 
below. 
 
4.2  
Following the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may 
take the action described below in (a), (b), or (c).  
 
(a)  
No Action  
 
If the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion determines that the action to be taken in respect of the 
Market Disruption Event is to be "No Action", then the EUA Contract Linked Notes shall continue and 
there shall be no amendment to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms.  
 
(b)  
Adjustment  
 
If the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion determines that the action to be taken in respect of the 
Market Disruption Event is to be "Adjustment", then the Calculation Agent acting on instructions from 
the Issuer may determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be 
made to any of the terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms (including 
adjusting any cost or cost adjustment) to take account of the economic effect of the Market Disruption 
Event and determine the effective date of such adjustment. Such adjustments may but do not have to 
include determining any EUA Contract Fallback Value(s). 
 
(c)  
Termination  
 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Market Disruption Event is to be 
"Termination", on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which such 
notice may be included in the Market Disruption Event Notice in respect of the relevant Market 
Disruption Event) the outstanding EUA Contract Linked Notes shall be redeemed by payment of the 
Early Redemption Amount. Payment will be made in such manner and on such date as shall be notified 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).  
 
(d)  
General  
 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of a Market Disruption Event, the Issuer is under no 
duty to consider the interests of Noteholders or any other person. In making any determination as to 
which action to take following the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, neither the Issuer, the

--- Page 311 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
 
311 
 
 
Guarantor nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect 
of interest), underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Noteholders or any other 
person in connection with the EUA Contract Linked Notes as a result of any such determination, 
howsoever such loss may arise including as a result of any delay in making any payment or delivery in 
respect of the EUA Contract Linked Notes. Any obligation or role of the Issuer or Guarantor specified 
in these EUA Contract Linked Conditions may be performed on its behalf by the Calculation Agent.  
 
5. Correction of EUA Contract Reference Price  
 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three EUA Contract Business Days prior 
to the due date for any payment under the Notes, if the EUA Contract Reference Price published on a given day 
and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently 
corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange or any other person responsible for the 
publication or announcement of the EUA Contract Reference Price within 30 calendar days of the original 
publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant EUA Contract as so corrected. Corrections 
published after the day which is three EUA Contract Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the 
Notes will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount.  
 
6. Rolling Futures Contract Notes  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are "Rolling Futures Contract Notes", the EUA Contract 
Reference Price in respect of the Notes will be valued by reference to rolling futures contracts each of which have 
delivery months that do not correspond with the term of the Notes. In such case, on or prior to the Issue Date, the 
Calculation Agent will select the relevant Futures Contract and for each following day until the Futures Rollover 
Date such futures contract will be the Futures Contract for the purposes of the EUA Contract Reference Price. On 
each Futures Rollover Date, the Calculation Agent will select another Futures Contract and such contract shall be 
the Futures Contract for the purposes of the EUA Contract Reference Price until the next occurring Futures 
Rollover Date. If on a Futures Rollover Date a Market Disruption Event occurs and it is impossible or materially 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to select a Futures Contract and/or at such time hedge the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the Notes then the provisions of EUA Contract Linked Condition 4.2 (Consequences of 
a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks) shall apply to the Notes.

--- Page 312 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
312 
 
 
FORM OF NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached, or in book-entry form. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United 
States in reliance on Regulation S.  Registered Notes will be issued both outside the United States in reliance on 
the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A, 
and Registered Notes in definitive form may be sold to Institutional Accredited Investors who are also QPs and 
to non-US persons. In this Base Prospectus, Bearer Notes and Registered Notes are collectively referred to as 
"Certificated Notes". 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary bearer global Note (a "Temporary 
Bearer Global Note") or a permanent global Note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note") as indicated in the Final 
Terms, which, in either case, will (i) if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global Note ("NGN") 
form, as stated in the Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (ii) if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued 
in NGN form, as stated in the Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held means that the Notes of a particular Tranche are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for NGNs 
will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will 
be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Bearer 
Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the Final Terms and 
subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the Final Terms), in each 
case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has already been 
given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive 
Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, 
principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes 
is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole 
but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, coupons and talons attached upon either (i) not 
less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Principal Paying Agent as described therein 
or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (1) an 
Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (2) the Issuer has been 
notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently 
to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (3) the Issuer has or will

--- Page 313 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
 
 
 
 
313 
 
 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Bearer Global Note) or the Issuer, as the case may be, may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (ii) above, the Issuer 
may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later 
than 60 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. If the Global Note 
is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system. 
In the event that the Permanent Bearer Global Note is exchanged for definitive Bearer Notes, such definitive 
Bearer Notes shall be issued in the minimum Specified Denomination only. Noteholders who hold Notes in the 
relevant clearing system in amounts that are not integral multiples of the Specified Denomination may need to 
purchase or sell, on or before the Exchange Date, a nominal amount of Notes such that their holding is an integral 
multiple of the Specified Denomination. 
The following legend will appear on Bearer Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Bearer Notes or Coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on 
any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Bearer Notes with a term of more than one year (taking into account any unilateral right to extend the term) will 
be issued either in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulations 1.163-5(c)(1)(ii) and 
1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) ("TEFRA D"), which definition shall include any successor rules for the purposes of Section 
4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986) or in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury 
Regulations 1.163-5(c)(1)(ii) and 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) ("TEFRA C"), which definition shall include any successor 
rules for the purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986). Bearer Notes issued in 
accordance with TEFRA D will be represented upon issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Note. Bearer Notes 
issued in accordance with TEFRA C will be represented upon issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Note. Each 
Temporary Global Note and Permanent Global Note will be delivered on or prior to the issue date for the relevant 
tranche to a common depositary (in the case of Notes not in NGN form) or common safekeeper (in the case of 
Notes in NGN form) acting as agent for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Beneficial interests in a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note issued in accordance with TEFRA C will be exchangeable at any time and without 
any requirement for certification for Definitive Bearer Notes, in accordance with the terms of such Permanent 
Bearer Global Note and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Interests in a Temporary Bearer Global Note 
issued in accordance with TEFRA D will be exchangeable either for Definitive Bearer Notes or for interests in a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note, on or after the date which is forty (40) days after the date on which such 
Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued and upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership thereof or 
otherwise as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations, in accordance with the terms of such Temporary Bearer 
Global Note and as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
For the purposes of complying with TEFRA D, Bearer Notes may not be offered or sold to a United States person. 
"United States person" means any person who is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) a citizen or resident 
of the United States, (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organised under the laws of the United 
States or any political subdivision thereof or therein, or (iii) an estate or trust the income of which is subject to 
United States taxation regardless of its source. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold in offshore 
transactions to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global Note in 
registered form, without Receipts or Coupons, (a "Regulation S Global Note") which will be registered in the 
name of a nominee for a common safekeeper (if the Regulation S Global Note is issued under the new safekeeping

--- Page 314 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
 
 
 
 
314 
 
 
structure ("NSS")) or a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) 
applicable to each Tranche of the Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or 
sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in General Condition (e) and 
such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons in 
private transactions (a) to "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A ("QIBs") who are also 
"qualified purchasers" within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment Company Act 
of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act") and the rules and regulations thereunder ("QPs"), or (b) to "accredited 
investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act) that are institutions ("Institutional 
Accredited Investors") who are also "qualified purchasers" within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the 
United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act") and the rules and regulations 
thereunder ("QPs"), who agree to purchase the Notes for their own account and not with a view to the distribution 
thereof. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs who are also QPs will be represented by a global 
Note in registered form (a "Rule 144A Global Note" and, together with a Regulation S Global Note, the 
"Registered Global Notes"). 
Registered Global Notes will either (a) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) be deposited with a common 
depositary for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
specified in the Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or 
required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive 
Notes in fully registered form. 
Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche and deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper, and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure for registered global securities, are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. This does not necessarily mean that the Notes of such Tranche will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any time during their life, as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Registered Notes of each Tranche issued on a partly paid basis ("Partly Paid Notes") will be in definitive form, 
registered in the name of the holder thereof. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional Accredited 
Investors who are also QPs will be in definitive form, registered in the name of the holder thereof ("Definitive 
IAI Registered Notes"). Unless otherwise set forth in the Final Terms, Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be 
issued only in minimum denominations of US$250,000 and integral multiples of US$1,000 in excess thereof (or 
the approximate equivalents in the applicable Specified Notes Currency). Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be 
subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear the restrictive legend described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Institutional Accredited Investors who are also 
QPs that hold Definitive IAI Registered Notes may elect to hold such Notes through DTC, but transferees 
acquiring the Notes in transactions exempt from Securities Act registration pursuant to Regulation S or Rule 144 
under the Securities Act (if available) may do so upon satisfaction of the requirements applicable to such transfer 
as described under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". The Rule 144A Global Note 
and the Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will 
bear a legend regarding such restrictions. Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the 
Registered Global Notes will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the 
Register (as defined in General Condition 1) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests 
in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, in 
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in General Condition 5) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided 
in that General Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Registered Notes without Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (a) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the 
Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes

--- Page 315 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
 
 
 
 
315 
 
 
represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form, (c) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and, no successor clearing system is available, (d) in the case of Notes registered 
in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to 
act as depository for the Notes and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a 
clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act or (e) the Notes are required to be removed from (in the case 
of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (in the case of Notes registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC) DTC and, in either case, no alternative clearing system is available. The Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) or the Issuer, as the case may be, may 
give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after the 
date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred to 
a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note or in the form of a Definitive IAI 
Registered Note and Definitive IAI Registered Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, 
be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in a Registered Global Note. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable, in each case. Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein 
and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal Paying 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with 
an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code, and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number which 
are different from the common code and ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the 
same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to 
the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of such 
Tranche. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC or its nominee each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC) 
who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg or of DTC as the 
holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account 
of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes and, in the 
case of DTC or its nominee, voting, giving consents or making requests, for which purpose the bearer of the 
relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Except in relation to Notes issued in NGN form, any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in the Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent. A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances 
described in General Condition 9. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note 
and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the 
provisions of the Global Note within a period of 15 days from the giving of a notice by a holder with Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg of such Notes so represented and credited to its securities account that it wishes to

--- Page 316 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
 
 
 
 
316 
 
 
accelerate such Notes, then holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly against 
the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC on 
and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant dated 14 July 2022 and executed by the Issuer (the deed of covenant 
applicable to a Tranche of Notes, the "Deed of Covenant"). In addition, holders of interests in such Global Note 
credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to deliver Definitive Notes in registered form in exchange 
for their interest in such Global Note in accordance with DTC's standard operating procedures. 
Book-Entry Notes 
Book-Entry Notes admitted to trading on AIAF and/or other Spanish  market 
Notes may be issued in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form ("Book-Entry Notes"). Book-Entry Notes 
which are admitted to trading on AIAF will be issued as anotaciones en cuenta and registered with Sociedad de 
Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A., Unipersonal ("Iberclear") 
as managing entity of the Central Registry. Such Book-Entry Notes will be constituted as such by virtue of their 
entry in the corresponding accounting book of Iberclear.  
The holders of Book-Entry Notes which are admitted to trading on AIAF will be identified as such (on their own 
account or for the account of third parties) as appears from the accounting book maintained by Iberclear or the 
relevant member (entidad participante) of Iberclear ("Iberclear Member") (as the case may be). The clearing and 
settlement of the Book-Entry Notes which are admitted to trading on AIAF will be carried out in accordance with 
the operating rules that are established or in the future may be approved by Iberclear.  
Payments to be made in respect of Book-Entry Notes which are admitted to trading on AIAF will be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) to Iberclear or the relevant Iberclear Member (as the case may be), in whose records such 
Book-Entry Notes are registered, in accordance with Iberclear's current procedures. 
One or more certificates evidencing the relevant Noteholder's holding of Book-Entry Notes in the relevant registry 
will be delivered by Iberclear or the relevant Iberclear Member (as the case may be), in whose records the Book-
Entry Notes are registered, or, where the Noteholder is itself an institution participating in Iberclear, by Iberclear 
(in each case, in accordance with the requirements of Spanish law and the procedures of the relevant Iberclear 
Member or, as the case may be, Iberclear) to such Noteholder upon such Noteholder's request. 
Book-Entry Notes may also be admitted to trading on Spanish regulated markets other than AIAF, or in a Spanish 
MTF, in which case references above to AIAF will be deemed to be to such other Spanish regulated or MTF 
market. 
Other provisions relating to Book-Entry Notes 
Title to the Book-Entry Notes will be evidenced by book entries and each person shown in the registries 
maintained by Iberclear Members (or the members of the relevant Book-Entry Depositary) and having an interest 
in the Book-Entry Notes shall be considered, by the Issuer, the Guarantor and their agents, as the holder of the 
principal amount of Book-Entry Notes recorded therein, and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly in respect of Book-Entry Notes. 
The creation of limited in rem rights or any other encumbrance on a Book-Entry Note must be entered in the 
corresponding account and effected in accordance will the then current procedures of Iberclear (or the relevant 
Book-Entry Depositary) and or their respective members.  
Further tranches of Book-Entry Notes (fungible Book-Entry Notes) 
The Issuer shall arrange (without the requirement to obtain the consent of the Noteholders) that, where a further 
Tranche of Book-Entry Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of 
Book-Entry Notes, the Book-Entry Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN.

--- Page 317 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
 
 
 
 
317 
 
 
Final Terms 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms. 
The Final Terms will contain the information required under Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") and under Article 29 of the Commission Delegated Regulation EU 2019/980.

--- Page 318 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
318 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
[The base prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a denomination of 
less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and at least €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) if there is an exemption from the obligation to under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus 
and/or the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area and/or offered 
to the public in the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation.1] 
 
[Date] 
BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law with 
its seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but its tax residency in Spain) 
(as "Issuer") 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 213800L2COK1WB5Q3Z55 
 
Issue of [[Aggregate Nominal Amount][Number] of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the "Notes") 
under the €1,000,000,000 
Structured Medium Term Note Programme 
guaranteed by 
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain) 
(as "Guarantor") 
 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND UNITED KINGDOM 
[The Notes are not intended to be offered, distributed or sold to any investor in [the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”) [or] [the United Kingdom] (“UK”), and no person may offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by these Final Terms to 
any investor in [the European Economic Area] [or] [the United Kingdom].]2 
[These Final Terms have been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in [[(a)] any Member State of the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes] [and] 
[[(b)] the United Kingdom (“UK”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, the “FSMA”) from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes]. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an 
offer of Notes in [[(a) any Member State of the European Economic Area which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated in these Final Terms may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer 
or the Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer] [and] [[(b)] 
the United Kingdom which are the subject of the offering contemplated in these Final Terms may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 
3 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the [Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, 
the “FSMA”)][FSMA] or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in 
each case, in relation to such offer]. 
                                                          
1  
Delete when completing the Final Terms. 
2 
Insert where the Notes are going to be sold only outside the EEA and the UK.

--- Page 319 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
319 
 
 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so:  
(a) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 9.6 of Part B below, provided such 
person is of a kind specified in that paragraph and that the offer is made during the Offer Period specified 
in that paragraph; or 
(b) 
otherwise, in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to:  
              [[(i)] publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer][; and]  
              [[(ii)] publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK 
Prospectus Regulation") or section 85 of the [Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, 
the “FSMA”)][FSMA] or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer]. 3 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any 
other circumstances. 4 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO [EEA RETAIL INVESTORS] [AND] [UK RETAIL INVESTORS] – 
[Consistent with the foregoing paragraph,]5 the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to [any investor in [the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA")][the EEA] [or in] [the United Kingdom (“UK”)][the UK],  including for such 
purposes,]6 any [EEA retail investor in [the European Economic Area (the "EEA")][the EEA]] [or] [UK retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”)][the UK]]. [Consequently,] [no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any EEA retail investor may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation.] [In addition,] [no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (as amended, the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any UK retail investor may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPS Regulation]. [For the purposes of this provision,] 
[an EEA retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a "retail client" as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of [MiFID II][Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]7; (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of [Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"); or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation")]. [In 
addition,] [a UK retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a “retail client” as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the [FSMA][Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended, the "FSMA")] and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA].] 
[The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any EEA retail investor other than in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(the "PRIIPs Regulation") and in each case in accordance with the additional requirements (if any) of the national 
competent authority in the Member State of EEA (the "Relevant State")]. [Pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation, 
any Relevant State may require the ex-ante notification of the key information document (the "KID") to the 
competent authority for PRIIPs marketed in that Relevant State (a "Notification State").]  [In the EEA, the Notes 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any EEA retail investor in any Notification State unless 
                                                          
3  
Insert where public offer (in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation) is intended in EEA.  
4  
Insert where no public offer (in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation) is intended in EEA and the UK.  
5 
Insert where the Notes are going to be sold only outside the EEA and the UK.  
6 
Include wording in brackets if Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to any investors in the EEA and the UK i.e. where the Notes are 
going to be sold only outside the EEA and the UK. 
7  
To be included if TM legends switched off, as MiFID not then defined anywhere.

--- Page 320 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
320 
 
 
all relevant requirements in such Notification State have been first complied with.] [In the EEA, where the 
Notification State requires a KID to be provided in a particular language, to the extent that BBVA has not already 
prepared a KID in such language, the Notes should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any EEA 
retail investor in any such Notification State until a KID has been prepared by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A. in the relevant language.] [In the EEA, responsibility for compliance with any ex-ante notification and any 
ongoing regulatory obligation in respect of such KID in such Notification State shall lie solely with the person 
offering, selling or otherwise making the Notes available in the Notification State.] [For these purposes,] [an "EEA 
retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.]]8 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE] [AND] [UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE] / TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the][each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) [[(A)] the MiFID II target market for the 
Notes is [eligible counterparties][,][ and] professional clients][ and retail clients,] [[each] as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")];] [and] [[(B)] the UK MiFIR target market for the Notes is [eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")][,][ and] 
[professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA")][ and retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]]; [and] [[(ii)] in the EEA, 
all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate]]/ [(ii)] in the EEA, the following channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate: [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non advised sales ][and 
pure execution services] [[(ii)] in the EEA, (A) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (B) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients 
are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non advised sales ][and pure 
execution services] [, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]][; and] [[(iii)] in the UK, all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate]]/ [(iii)] in the UK, 
the following channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate: [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio 
management][,/ and][ non advised sales ][and pure execution services] [(iii) in the UK, (A) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (B) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ 
and][ non advised sales ][and pure execution services] [, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (for the purposes of this paragraph, a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, [[(a)] a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable;] [and] [[(b)] 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules")  is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable.]]]9. 
[This document is for distribution only to persons who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to 
investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) 
Order 2005 (as amended, the "Financial Promotion Order"), (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to 
(d) ("high net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc.") of the Financial Promotion Order, (iii) are 
outside the United Kingdom, or (iv) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes may 
otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to 
as "relevant persons").  This document is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on 
by persons who are not relevant persons.  Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates 
is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons.]10 
                                                          
8         Insert as necessary, where the product is a PRIIP for sale in the EEA and/or UK for which a KID will be prepared. 
9           Include as necessary where the product is a PRIIP for sale in the EEA, for which a KID will be prepared. 
10              Include where the Notes will be sold in the EEA and UK.

--- Page 321 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
321 
 
 
[This document is for distribution only to persons who are outside the United Kingdom. This document is directed 
only at such persons and must not be acted on or relied on by any other persons. Any investment or investment 
activity to which this document relates is available only to persons outside the United Kingdom and will be 
engaged in only with such persons.]11 
PART A- CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 [Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions of the Notes 
(and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 14 July 
2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [A summary of the Notes is annexed 
to these Final Terms]12. [The Base Prospectus [has] [together with these Final Terms have] been published on the 
website of CNMV (www.cnmv.es)].13 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions of the Notes 
(and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original 
date] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [current date].14 This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base 
Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Base Prospectus [has] [together with these Final Terms have] been published on the 
website of CNMV (www.cnmv.es)].  
[Investors should note that if a supplement to or an updated version of the Base Prospectus is published at any 
time during the Offer Period (as defined below), such supplement or updated Base Prospectus as the case may be, 
will be published and made available in accordance with the arrangements applied to the original publication of 
these Final Terms. Any investors who have indicated acceptances of the Offer (as defined below) prior to the date 
of approval of such supplement or updated version of the Base Prospectus, as the case may be (the "Approval 
Date"), have the right within three working days of the Approval Date to withdraw their acceptances.]15 
[The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or under any state securities laws, and the Notes may not be offered, sold, transferred, 
pledged, delivered, redeemed, directly or indirectly, at any time within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, or by, any U.S. person. Furthermore, the Notes do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, 
contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the U.S. Commodity Exchange 
Act, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (the "CFTC") pursuant to the CEA, and no U.S. person may at any time trade or maintain 
a position in the Notes. For a description of the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes, see "Subscription and 
Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus.  
As used herein, "U.S. person" includes any "U.S. person" or person that is not a "non-United States person" as 
either such term may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations adopted under the CEA.]16 
[The Notes documented in these Final Terms may be considered structured products in Switzerland pursuant to 
Article 70 the Swiss Financial Services Act of June 15, 2018 ("FinSA"); they are not collective investment 
schemes within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of June 23, 2006 
                                                          
11               Include where the Notes will be sold only outside the EEA and UK.  
12             Delete in the case of an issue of Notes with minimum denomination equal to or greater than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any     
other currency) 
13 
Include this for all Notes unless the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an 
earlier date. 
14          
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base 
Prospectus with an earlier date. 
15  
Include in respect of issues of Notes for which the offer period spans a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the Base 
Prospectus. 
16  
Include for Notes that have been determined to be permanently prohibited from being offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged or 
delivered in the United States or to a U.S. person.

--- Page 322 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
322 
 
 
("CISA"). Accordingly, they are not subject to the supervision of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority, FINMA and potential investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the 
CISA. Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor. [The Notes documented in these Final Terms 
are not being offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland to retail clients 
(Privatkundinnen und -kunden) ("Retail Clients") pursuant to Article 4 para. 2 FinSA. Neither these Final Terms 
nor any offering materials relating to the Notes may be available to Retail Clients in or from Switzerland. The 
offering of the Notes directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland is only made by way of private placement 
by addressing the Notes solely at investors classified as professional clients (professionelle Kunden) or 
institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) ("Professional or Institutional Clients") as defined in the FinSA. 
.]17 [The Programme has been registered with a Swiss reviewing body (Prüfstelle) within the meaning of Article 
52 FinSA (a "Swiss Reviewing Body") and the Notes documented in these Final Terms may be offered, sold or 
advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) 
("Retail Clients") pursuant to Article 4 para. 2 FinSA in a way that triggers a prospectus requirement under the 
FinSA. Such offer of the Notes to Retail Clients may only be made after the registration of the Programme with a 
Swiss Reviewing Body according to the rules of the FinSA. The Programme and these Final Terms are available 
on [specify website] or may be requested as hard copies on request of the investor at [specify address]18]19]20  
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in which case 
the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for 
completing the Final Terms. Where the context so permits, Terms in these Final Terms may be attributed a 
numerical or letter suffix value when included hereon. Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted as "j", "k", 
"m", "q", "n", "t" or "i" and the term may be completed on the basis of the number or numbers represented by j, 
k, m, q, n, t or i, as chosen at the time of an issue of Notes. When applicable and in order to improve the reading 
and intelligibility of the formula(e) in the Final Terms, the applicable suffixes may be included, completed and 
explained and may be presented as a table, if necessary, in the Final Terms. Where the Final Terms specify that 
a table may be inserted, such table will set out amounts, entities, dates, items, rates, value levels, triggers, figures 
and other information which completes the definitions that appear in the relevant subparagraphs of the Final 
Terms, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the applicable Annex(es) to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes.21 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. (NIF: N0035575J) 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (NIF: 
A48265169) 
(iii) 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.][specify] 
(iv) 
Registrar: 
[Not applicable][Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A.][specify]  
(v) 
Transfer Agent: 
[Banco 
Bilbao 
Vizcaya 
Argentaria, 
S.A][Not 
applicable][specify] 
(vi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.][specify 
name] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[specify] 
                                                          
17  
Include where no offer intended to Retail Clients in or from Switzerland. Please note that it would also be possible to benefit from 
such a private placement exemption if (a) the offer is made to less than 500 Retail Clients, (b) if the denomination of the Notes is 
at least CHF 100'000, (c) if the Notes may only be purchased by investors investing at least CHF 100'000 or (d) if the offer does 
not exceed the cap of CHF 8'000'000 (over a 12 month period). In the event that the issuer would benefit from such other exemption, 
please adjust the wording accordingly. 
18  
Upon request, the Programme and the Final Terms should be made available as hard copies.  
19  
Include where offer is not exempted from the Swiss prospectus requirements under the FinSA.  
20  
Delete where no offer into Switzerland is intended. 
21  
Remove guidance notes in italics when preparing Final Terms.

--- Page 323 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
323 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date]exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 50 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not applicable] 
 
[Annex 1: Payout Conditions] 
 
[Annex 2: Index Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 3: Equity Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 4: ETF Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 5: Fund Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 6: Inflation Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 7: Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Conditions]  
[Annex 8: Credit Linked Conditions]  
[Annex 9: EUA Contract Linked Conditions] 
 
(More than one Annex may apply.) 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[specify] [(the "SER Subject Currency") for the 
purpose 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination 
and 
calculations [and payments other than those to which 
the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified 
to apply;] and (payments [to which the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions are specified to apply] shall 
be made in [specify] (the "Settlement Currency").]  
[In respect of which payments to which the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions and the SER Intermediated 
Currency Requirements are specified to apply, the 
"SER Intermediate Currency" is [specify].] 
(i) 
UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes22: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(ii) 
UVR Equivalent of Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount/Specified 
Denomination(s)/Calculation 
Amount 
as 
of 
the 
[Issue 
Date][specify]: 
The [Aggregate Nominal Amount is equal to UVR 
[specify]] 
The [Specified Denomination is equal to UVR 
[specify]] 
[Calculation Amount is equal to UVR [specify]] [all 
these based on the UVR rate of [specify] in effect as of 
the [Issue Date]][specify]. 
                                                          
22  
Delete if not applicable

--- Page 324 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
324 
 
 
(iii) 
Specified Number of COP/UVR   
Business Days:  
[specify] 
(iv) 
Initial UVR: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Floored UVR Index: 
[Not applicable][Applicable, for the purpose of 
determining [the Final Redemption Amount only][all 
payments] 
4. Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series:  
[specify]  
[The Notes are Partly Paid Notes] [see paragraph 48 
below] 
(For Partly Paid Notes, specify the dates and amounts 
for the payment of aggregate nominal amount) 
[Part Payment Date(s)              [specify]     
[Part Payment Amount (s)]        [specify] 
                                 
(ii) 
Tranche:  
[specify]  
5. Issue Price: 
[specify] [per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount] 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] [payable as set out in paragraph 4(i) 
above] [converted into the Settlement Currency at the 
Initial SER, being [specify amount] in respect of the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount where "Initial SER" 
means [specify]] 
6. (i) Specified Denomination(s): 
[specify]  
(ii) 
Minimum Tradable Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable]  
(iii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[specify] (Insert the following in the case of Instalment 
Notes:) 
[(the 
"Original 
Calculation 
Amount")][minus, for the purposes of any calculation 
by reference to the Calculation Amount on any day, 
the sum of the Instalment Amounts paid prior to the 
relevant day][which shall be reduced by [specify 
amount] after each Instalment Date]  [save for the 
purposes of calculation of any [Interest Amount][Final 
Redemption 
Amount][Early 
Redemption 
Amount][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount][Optional Redemption Amount][Entitlement 
Amount] [[payable][deliverable] on [specify]][for 
which purpose the Original Calculation Amount will 
apply] [Not applicable]]] 
(Insert the following in the case of Partly Paid Notes: 
[To the extent the Notes are not fully paid up, the 
Calculation Amount and any amounts specified per 
Calculation 
Amount 
shall 
be 
proportionately 
reduced)] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.

--- Page 325 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
325 
 
 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
 
(Where the Credit Linked provisions are not 
applicable to the [first, second etc] Instalment 
Amounts then the Original Calculation Amount minus 
the sum of such [first, second etc] Instalment Amounts 
should be used for the purposes of the Credit Linked 
provisions in paragraphs 11 and 30. Where the Credit 
Linked provisions apply to a portion of the Notes not 
subject to redemption by Instalments and /or for a 
specified period of time then such portion and/or 
specified period should be used for the purposes of the 
Credit Linked provisions and specified in paragraphs 
11 and 30) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify][Issue Date][Not applicable] 
 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
(iii) 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
8. Maturity Date: 
[The Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to] 
[specify][or if that is not a Business Day the 
immediately [succeeding][preceding] Business Day 
[unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event it will be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day] [specify] [(the 
"Scheduled Maturity Date")][or such [later] date for 
redemption determined as provided in the [[Index 
Linked][Equity 
Linked][ETF 
Linked][Fund 
Linked][Inflation 
Linked] 
[FX 
Linked] 
Credit 
Linked][EUA Contract Linked] Conditions] [but 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 1(g)]][or, in all 
circumstances if applicable, such later date for 
payment determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Payout Condition 
6]] 
9. Interest Basis: 
[Not applicable][Applicable] 
(See Paragraph 16 below) 
(Where applicable specify one or more of the 
following) [per cent.] [per annum] [Fixed Rate] 
[Interest Leverage Multiplier: [specify]] 
 
[[LIBOR][EURIBOR][SONIA][SOFR][€STR][specif
y CMS Rate][specify] +/-[specify] per cent.] Floating 
Rate] [Interest Leverage Multiplier: [specify]] 
 
[Specified Interest Amount] (See paragraph 19 below) 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Reference Item Linked Interest: 
 
(specify one or more of the following)

--- Page 326 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
326 
 
 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Equity Linked Interest] 
[ETF Linked Interest]  
[Fund Linked Interest] 
 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest]  
[Credit Linked Interest] 
[Reference Item Rate Linked Interest] 
[EUA Contract Linked Interest] 
 
[Combination Interest] 
[Interest Leverage Multiplier:  
[specify]] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by 
reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] 
[only in the specific circumstances set out in the 
Interest Rate Payout Formula]] 
10. Redemption Basis: 
[Redemption at [par][specify][see paragraph 30 (Final 
Redemption Amount) below] 
 
[Index Linked Redemption]  
 
[Equity Linked Redemption]  
[ETF Linked Redemption]  
[Fund Linked Redemption]  
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Redemption] 
[Credit Linked Redemption] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption]  
 
[EUA Contract Linked Redemption] 
[Combination Redemption] 
 
[Instalment] (See paragraph 46 below) 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by 
reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] 
[only in the specific circumstances set out in the Final 
Payout Formula] 
(See paragraph 13 below) 
[subject to Variation of Settlement, (see paragraph 49 
below)] 
11. Reference Item(s): 
[specify] [See paragraph [specify] [Index][Basket of 
Indices][Share][Basket 
of

--- Page 327 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
327 
 
 
Shares][Index][Indices][ETF][ETF 
Basket][Fund][Fund 
Basket][Subject 
Currency][Subject 
Currencies] 
Reference 
Item 
Rate][Reference Spread][Reference Entity(es)] [EUA 
Contract(s)] below] (Repeat if necessary) 
[Not applicable] 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Not applicable] 
 
[Noteholder Put Option] 
 
[Issuer Call Option] 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [33][34] below] 
13. Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable][in 
respect 
of][all 
payments][payments of [interest][principal]only][only 
those payments to which these Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions are specified to apply]] 
[(See paragraph[s] [specify] below)] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
SER Intermediate Currency 
Requirements: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable[in 
respect 
of][all 
payments][payments of [interest][principal]only][only 
those payments to which these Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions and these SER Intermediate Currency 
Requirements are specified to apply]] 
 
Second Settlement Exchange Rate means [specify] 
SER Intermediate Currency means [specify] 
(ii) 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
[Specify rate] 
 
(if a pre-determined fixed rate applies then delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph). 
(iii) 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [SER Scheduled Trading Days prior to the 
[scheduled] [specify each payment date]] 
 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply to 
different payment dates, specify in respect of each 
applicable payment date) 
(iv) 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining 
the 
Settlement 
Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement 
Exchange Rate in Payout Condition 6.3: 
 
SER Price Source: [in respect of the Settlement 
Exchange Rate:] [specify] [as per Payout Condition 
6.3] 
 
SER Valuation Time: [in respect of the Settlement 
Exchange Rate:] [specify] [as per Payout Condition 
6.3]

--- Page 328 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
328 
 
 
 
SER Settlement Day Centre(s): [in respect of the 
Settlement Exchange Rate:] [specify] [as per Payout 
Condition 6.3] 
(v) 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
SER 
Price 
Materiality 
Percentage: 
[specify][3] per cent.  
 
SER Primary Rate: [specify][The rate 
determined as set out in the definition of 
Settlement Exchange Rate] 
 
SER Secondary Rate: [specify][SER First 
Fallback Reference Price [and]][SER Second 
Fallback Reference Price]] 
[as per Payout Conditions 6.1 and 6.2 ] 
[Not applicable] 
(vi) 
SER 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
City/Cities: 
[specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
(vii) 
SER Disruption Fallbacks (for 
Price Source Disruption and Price 
Materiality only): 
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the 
following order: 
[Valuation Postponement] 
SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][SER Settlement 
Days] [specify] 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement: [specify] 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER First Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER Second Fallback Price Source: [specify]

--- Page 329 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
329 
 
 
 
SER Second Fallback Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] (specify fallbacks 
required and arrange order in which to be applied)] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
[Not applicable] 
(viii) 
SER Cumulative Events: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable 
and 
Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.1] 
(ix) 
SER Number of Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement 
Day Centre(s) means [in respect of the Settlement 
Exchange Rate:] [specify] [and in respect of the 
Intermediate Exchange Rate: [specify]]] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
(x) 
SER Additional Disruption Event: 
[As per Payout Condition 6.3] [Not applicable] 
[The following SER Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[[Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of 
Hedging] [Trade Date means [specify]] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(insert where Change in Law does not apply)  
14. Knock-in Event: 
[Not applicable][Applicable: Knock-in Value [for 
every Reference Item in the Basket] is [greater 
than][greater than or equal to][less than][less than or 
equal to] the Knock-in[Barrier][[within][outside] [the 
Knock-in Range] (Only applicable if a payment to be 
made in respect of the Notes is subject to a condition 
precedent that a Knock-in Event has occurred. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[The Reference Item Rate [1][2] is [greater][less] than 
[or equal to] the Knock-in Barrier] 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Rate Linked Notes) 
(i) 
Knock-in Value:  
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.1] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Barrier: 
[specify value or percentage] 
(iii) 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc] to and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, barrier etc] [Not applicable]

--- Page 330 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
330 
 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
in Determination Period][Not applicable]  
 
[subparagraph (ii)[(A)][(B)] of the definition of 
Valuation Date as set out in the [Index][Equity][EFT] 
Linked Condition shall apply for the purposes of 
Valuation Date] 
(v) 
Knock in Determination Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date: 
 [specify]][Not applicable]  
(vii) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock-in Determination Day][Not applicable] 
15. Knock-out Event: 
[Not applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out Value 
[for every Reference Item in the Basket] is [(i)][greater 
than][greater than or equal to][less than][less than or 
equal to] [the Knock-out [Barrier] [within][outside] 
the Knock-out Range] 
 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in respect of 
the Notes is subject to a condition precedent that a 
Knock-out Event has occurred. If not applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
[The Reference Item Rate [1][2] is [greater][less] than 
[or equal to] the Knock-out Barrier] 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Rate Linked Notes) 
(i) 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.1] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Barrier: 
[specify value or percentage] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc] to and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc] [Not applicable]  
(iv) 
Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[[From and including][From and excluding][To and 
including][To but excluding][specify]] 
 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-
out Determination Period][Not applicable] 
 
[subparagraph (ii)[(A)][(B)] of the definition of 
Valuation Date as set out in the [Index][Equity][EFT]

--- Page 331 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
331 
 
 
Linked Conditions shall apply for the purposes of 
Valuation Date]  
(v) 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a 
Knock out Determination Day][Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. Interest: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, or in case of Specified Interest 
Amount, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][As per General Condition 
4[(a)][(b)]] 
(ii) 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
for 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Adjusted in accordance with [Following Business 
Day Convention][Modified Following Business Day 
Convention][Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Floating 
Rate 
Convention]] 
[Not 
applicable (unadjusted)] 
(if unadjusted specify not applicable. If adjusted 
specify same Business Day Convention as for Interest 
Payment Dates. Unless otherwise agreed, the Business 
Day Convention where the Reference Rate is SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR should be specified as Modified 
Following Business Day Convention) 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions][As 
defined in the relevant Interest Basis provisions 
below] [(i) Each scheduled Interest Payment Date set 
out in the table below or, in each case; (ii) the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately 
following the  occurrence of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, whichever is the earlier][Upon the 
occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event, 
interest shall cease to accrue and no further interest 
will be payable after the Automatic Early Redemption 
Date.]

--- Page 332 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
332 
 
 
(iv) 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
for 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified 
Following Business Day Convention][Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Floating 
Rate 
Convention][Not applicable]  
 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for Interest 
Period End Date(s), unless Interest Payment Date(s) 
is (are) expressed to be a number of Business Days 
after the relevant Interest Period End Final Date, 
Interest Payment Date(s) must be subject to the same 
Business Day Convention) 
(v) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[specify][per cent.][per annum][Not applicable] 
 
(If a Minimum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period) 
(vi) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[specify][per cent.][per annum][Not applicable] 
 
(If a Maximum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Maximum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period.) 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual 
[(ICMA)][(ISDA)]] 
[Actual/365 
[(Fixed)][(Sterling)]] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/] [360/360] [Bond Basis] [30E/360 [(ISDA)]] 
[Eurobond Basis] [1/1] [1] [Not applicable] 
 
(Where Actual/Actual ICMA is applicable, insert 
Determination Date(s) below) 
(Repeat for each Interest Basis as necessary) 
(Where the Reference Rate is (i) SONIA, specify 
Actual/365(Fixed); and (ii) SOFR or €STR, specify 
Actual/360) 
(viii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[specify][in each year]][Not applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In which case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
(ix) 
Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of each Interest Payment Date [(from 
[specify] to [specify])][ falling [on][during the period 
from and including] [specify] [to and including 
[specify]] only]][Not applicable]]the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent [as][in 
accordance with the following formula(s)]:   
 
(The above formulation may be repeated as necessary 
for each relevant interest type below) 
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate]

--- Page 333 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
333 
 
 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula, relevant 
value(s) and other related definitions from Payout 
Condition 2.1 and relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 5) 
 
[Rate of Interest (i)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (ii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (iv)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (v)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vi)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (vii)] 
 
[Rate of Interest (viii) - Call] 
 
[Rate of Interest (ix) - Put] 
 
[Rate of Interest (x) – Range Accrual] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xi) - Call Participation ] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xii) - Digital One Barrier] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xiii) –Digital One Barrier Standard ] 
[Rate of Interest (xiv) – Strike Podium n Barriers]  
 
[Rate of Interest (xv) – Partial Memory] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvi) – Memory] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvii) - Call with Individual Caps] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xviii) – Cappuccino] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xix) - Best Replace] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xx) – Cliquet] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxi) - Cliquet Digital] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxii) - Cliquet Digital Lock in] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiii) - Digital Coupon One Dual 
Condition] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiv) - Digital Coupon Two Dual 
Conditions] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxv) – TARN] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvi) – Ratchet]

--- Page 334 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
334 
 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvii) – Multiplier] 
[Rate of Interest (xxviii) –Count Barrier Condition] 
[Rate of Interest (xxix) – Podium] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxx) – Compensation] 
[Rate of Interest (xxxi) – Dual Currency Digital 
Coupon] 
[Rate of Interest (xxxii) – Partial Consolidation] 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxiii) – Ulises] 
[Rate of Interest (xxxiv) – Leonidas Range Accrual] 
[Rate of Interest (xxxv) – Leonidas] 
[Rate of Interest (xxxvi) – Branch] 
[Rate of Interest (xxxvii) – Multiple Reverse] 
[Rate of Interest (xxxviii) – Growth & Income] 
[Rate of Interest (xxxix) – Daily Fixed Coupon] 
[Option FX: Applicable] (specify as applicable for 
each Rate of Interest where FX option is to apply) 
 
(If the Rate or Interest is calculated by reference to 
Reference Items, Valuation Dates, Observation Dates 
etc. or is otherwise calculated differently in respect of 
each Interest Payment Date, above options may be 
repeated and numerical suffixes may be used to clarify 
which Reference Item, Rate of Interest, Valuation 
Date, Observation Date etc. applies in respect of the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date) 
17. Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period from 
and including] [specify] [to and including [specify]] 
only]][Not applicable] 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to 
the provisions of paragraph 41 "Credit Linked 
Interest/Redemption" 
and 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]  
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined repeat 
items (i) to (iii) of this paragraph for each such rate 
and, if Digital Coupon One Condition of Digital 
Coupon two Conditions apply distinguish between the 
Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the 
Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[specify] 
[per 
cent. 
[per 
annum] 
payable 
[annually][semi-annually][quarterly][monthly] 
in 
arrears 
on 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date][Not 
applicable]

--- Page 335 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
335 
 
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(ii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date[s] falling [in][on][specify]][Not 
applicable] 
18. Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period from 
and including] [specify] [to and including [specify] 
only]][Not 
applicable] [for 
purposes 
only 
of 
determining the "Rate" element of the Rate of Interest 
specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest 
(x) - Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to 
the provisions of paragraph 41 "Credit Linked 
Interest/Redemption" 
and 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, 
repeat items [specify] to [specify] for each such rate 
and, if Digital Coupon One Condition of Digital 
Coupon two Conditions apply distinguish between the 
Rate which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the 
Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[specify length of period] [Not applicable] 
(ii) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(further particulars specified below) 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If applicable, for floating rate Notes not referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR include (a) to [(d)] below and 
delete the other sub-paragraphs) 
(If applicable, for floating rate Notes referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR include (a) to [(TBD)] 
(excluding (c) below, delete otherwise) 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[specify period] [month] [year] [LIBOR] [EURIBOR] 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [CMS Rate with a 
Designated 
Maturity 
of 
[insert 
years]][specify 
Government Bond Yield Rate][specify TEC Rate] 
[with a Designated Maturity of [insert years]] [specify 
other] 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Specify] [[ ][prior to the [The][first] day of each 
Interest Period]] [The [second][specify] [Business

--- Page 336 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
336 
 
 
Day][specify] falling prior to Interest Payment 
Date][Each Interest Payment Date, provided that in 
respect of the final Interest Period, the Interest 
Determination Date shall be the [second][specify] 
[Business Day][specify] falling prior to Interest 
Payment Date ([not] taking into account any 
adjustment made pursuant to Condition 5 (Payments, 
Physical Delivery and Exchange of Talons)) – use for 
Payment Delay only] 
(c) 
Specified Time: 
[Not applicable]  
(Not applicable, for SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][The SOFR Screen Page][ECB Website] 
[New York Federal Reserve´s Website] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(e) 
RFR 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
      
(f) 
Determination Method: 
[Compoundeded Daily Rate – include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or if this is 
the chosen determination method where RFR Index 
Determination 
is 
specified 
as 
Not 
applicable][Weighted Average Rate] 
(g) 
Observation Method: 
[[Observation 
Shift][Lag][Lock-Out] 
[Payment 
Delay] 
(h) 
Observation Shift  Option 
[Specify  where 
Observation Shift  is 
applicable]- : 
[Standard Shift][IDD Shift]][Not applicable] 
 
 
(i)          Y: 
[“Y”:] means [360 – likely to be specified for USD 
and Euro][365- likely to be specified for GBP] 
[Specify] [Not applicable]   
(j)         "p": 
[Specify] (only if Observation Shift (Standard Shift) or 
Lag are applicable)[Not applicable]  
(k)  
Effective Interest Payment 
Dates: 
                                                                                        
[In respect of each Interest Period other than the final 
Interest Period, the date falling [two][specify] 
[Business Days][specify] following the Interest 
Payment Date, and in respect of the final Interest 
Period, the Maturity Date or redemption date (as 
applicable) of the Notes. [Not applicable] (include Not 
applicable if Payment Delay is not specified as the 
Observation Method) 
 
(l)     Rate Cut-off Date: 
[(specify) Reference Rate Business Day immediately 
prior to the Interest Determination Date] [as per 
General Condition 4(b)(iv)(2)(D)] [Not applicable] 
(include where Lock-Out or Payment Delay is 
specified as the Observation Method)

--- Page 337 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
337 
 
 
[(m) 
SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives Authority:  
 
[As per General Condition 4(b)(iv)(4][specify]/[Not 
applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] [EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR 
Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA 
Compounded Index / USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR 
Compounded Index] 
(if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index 
specify not applicable in (e) and (f) and complete (g) 
below) 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] [as specified in the ISDA Definitions / the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period] 
(e) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(i) Compounding Method: 
[OIS Compounding] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [Five][specify] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [Five][specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [specify] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Applicable Business 
Days][specify] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [specify] per cent.] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [specify ] per cent.]] 
(f) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
 
(i) Averaging Method: 
[Overnight Averaging] 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [Five][specify] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift

--- Page 338 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
338 
 
 
Observation Period Shift: [Five][specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [Five][specify] Lockout Period Business 
Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Applicable Business 
Days] [specify] 
[Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[Daily Capped Rate: [specify] per cent.] 
[Daily Floored Rate: [specify] per cent.]] 
(g) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(i) Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [Five][specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
[Standard 
Index 
Method][Compounded 
Index 
Method] 
(h) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(i) 
Payment Delay 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[Effective 
Interest 
Payment 
Date:   
In respect of each Interest Period other than the final 
Interest Period, the date falling [two][specify] 
[Business Days][specify] following the Interest 
Payment Date, and in respect of the final Interest 
Period, the Maturity Date or redemption date  (as 
applicable) of the Notes (include if Payment Delay is 
specified as applicable for Floating Rate Option when 
OIS Compounding or OIS Averaging is applicable and 
for Floating Rate Option Index if Index Method is 
Standard Index Method or Compounded Index 
Method) 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not applicable][Applicable - the Rate of Interest for 
the [long][short] [first][last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(vi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][specify][per cent][per annum][Not applicable] 
(If a Margin applies for each Interest Period, the 
Margin shall be specified separately for each Interest 
Period)

--- Page 339 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
339 
 
 
19. Specified Interest Amount Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Interest Amount(s): 
[In respect of the [following] Specified Interest 
Payment Dates [from and including [[specify] to and 
including [specify]]], [specify] per Calculation 
Amount][See table [above][below]](Insert table) 
(Note that for partially Credit-Linked Notes where the 
Specified Interest Amounts are not credit-linked, the 
amount specified per Calculation Amount should be 
the 
intended 
Specified 
Interest 
Amount 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
multiplied 
by 
(1-Credit 
Multiplier).)  
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to 
the provisions of paragraph 41 "Credit Linked 
Interest/Redemption" 
and 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify][[Each][The] Interest Payment Date falling on 
or nearest to] [specify][from and including [the Interest 
Payment Date falling on or nearest to] [specify] to and 
including [the Interest Payment Date falling on or 
nearest to][specify]][, as adjusted in accordance with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]](Insert table) 
(iii) 
Specified 
Interest 
Amount 
Multiplier: 
[Not applicable] [specify][Credit Event Reduction 
Factor](only include where relevant for Credit Linked 
Notes ) 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention 
[specify] (only include if necessary) 
20. Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to 
the provisions of paragraph 41 "Credit Linked 
Interest/Redemption" 
and 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
Accrual Yield: 
[specify] per cent. [per annum] [30/360][Specify] 
21. Index Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable] [in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period from 
and including] [specify] [to and including [specify] 
only][Not applicable] [for the purposes of determining 
the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 16(ix)] (insert 
where "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" applies 
under item 16(ix)) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to 
the provisions of paragraph 41 "Credit Linked

--- Page 340 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
340 
 
 
Interest/Redemption" 
and 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
(i) 
[Index][Basket of Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 
to [[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See 
table [above] [below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant 
details of where investors can obtain information 
about the Index][(see paragraph [specify])](repeat as 
necessary) 
[The (specify Index) is [not] a [Single-Exchange] [or] 
[Multi-Exchange Index] (repeat as necessary)] 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Index Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
[Exchange(s)] [Pricing Source]: 
and Index Sponsor]: 
(a) 
[the relevant [Exchange[s]][Pricing Source 
[s] [is][are]specify] [there are no relevant 
[Exchanges][Pricing Sources]][specify]; and  
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [specify].] 
[See table [above][below]] 
(include Pricing Source if non Multi-Exchange/Single 
Exchange is selected above). 
(iii) 
[Related 
Exchange][Related 
Pricing Source]: 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
[specify][All 
Related 
Pricing 
Sources] 
[Not 
applicable] (include Related Pricing Source if the 
Index is a non Single-Exchange or Multi-Exchange 
Index). 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike 
Days in the period if applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph 
[specify] above][See table [above] [below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
[subparagraph (iii)[(B) [1][2] of the definition of 
Modified Postponement as set out in the Index Linked 
Conditions shall apply for the purposes of Modified 
Postponement] 
(vii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify][See table [above][below]][Insert table][or 
such later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions]

--- Page 341 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
341 
 
 
(viii) 
[Coupon Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] [or such later date 
as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] [subparagraph (ii)[(A)][(B)] of the 
definition of Valuation Date as set out in the Index 
Linked Condition shall apply for the purposes of 
Valuation Date] 
(ix) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation 
Period] [[specify], being the time specified on the 
relevant [Coupon Valuation Date] [Observation Date] 
or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the [Index Linked Interest Amount][Not 
applicable][As per the Index Linked Conditions] 
(x) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
 
[subparagraph (ii)[(A)][(B)] of the definition of 
Valuation Date as set out in the Index Linked 
Condition shall apply for the purposes of Valuation 
Date] 
(xi) 
[Exchange Business Day][Index 
Business Day]:  
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single Index 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)]]  
(include 
Index 
Business 
Day 
if 
non 
Multi-
Exchange/Single Exchange is selected above). 
(xii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single Index 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day/Index Business Day) 
(xiii) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As set out in Index Linked Condition 7][specify] 
(xiv) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled 
Trading 
Days][Not 
applicable] 
(xv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable] [As per the Index Linked Conditions] 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to 
the Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Component Borrow]   
 
[Loss of Component Borrow] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable]

--- Page 342 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
342 
 
 
 
[The [Maximum Component Loan Rate] in respect of 
[specify] is [specify]] (Only applicable if Loss of 
Component Borrow is applicable) 
 
[The Initial Component Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify] is [specify]] (Only applicable if Increased 
Cost of Component Borrow is applicable) 
22. Equity Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period from 
and including] [specify] [to and including [specify]] 
only]][Not 
applicable] 
[for 
the 
purposes 
of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) - Range 
Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to 
the provisions of paragraph 41 "Credit Linked 
Interest/Redemption" 
and 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
(i) 
[Share(s)][Share Company][Basket 
of Shares][Basket Company]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above] [below]] [Insert table] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify][Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Equity Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
(vii) 
Depositary Receipt provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable][For Reference Item 
k=[specify][and k=[specify]]  
(a) 
Details of share: 
[specify name and ISIN code of the share to which the 
relevant Depository Receipts relate] 
(b) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike 
Days in the period if applicable] [See table 
[above][below]]

--- Page 343 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
343 
 
 
(ix) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging applies to the Notes. The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph 
[specify] above] [See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
[subparagraph (iii)[(B) [1][2] of the definition of 
Modified Postponement as set out in the Equity Linked 
Conditions shall apply for the purposes of Modified 
Postponement] 
(x) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [ See table [above][below]] [Insert table] [or 
such later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] 
(xi) 
[Coupon Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below] [or such later date 
as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] [subparagraph (ii) (A)(B) of the definition 
of Valuation Date as set out in the Equity Linked 
Conditions shall apply for the purposes of Valuation 
Date] 
(xii) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation 
Period]] [[specify], being the time specified on the 
relevant [Coupon Valuation Date][Observation Date] 
or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the [Equity Linked Interest Amount] 
[Not applicable] 
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time 
will be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
(xiii) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[subparagraph (ii) (A)(B) of the definition of 
Valuation Date as set out in the Equity Linked 
Conditions shall apply for the purposes of Valuation 
Date] 
(xiv) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(xv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
 
(Must match election for Exchange Business Day) 
(xvi) 
Share Correction Period: 
[As set out in Equity Linked Condition 8][specify] 
(xvii) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled 
Trading 
Days][Not 
applicable] 
(xviii) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Equity 
Linked 
Conditions][In addition to De-Listing, Insolvency, 
Merger Event, Tender Offer unless Tender Offer

--- Page 344 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
344 
 
 
(specified 
below 
as 
not 
applicable) 
and 
Nationalisation, the following Extraordinary Events 
apply to the Notes:  
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Listing Change] 
 
[Listing Suspension] 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
(xix) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Equity 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow]  
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
23. ETF Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period from 
and including] [specify] [to and including [specify]] 
only]][Not 
applicable] 
[for 
the 
purposes 
of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) - Range 
Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)), 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to 
the provisions of paragraph 41 "Credit Linked 
Interest/Redemption" 
and 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]

--- Page 345 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
345 
 
 
(i) 
[ETF(s)]/[ETF Basket]: 
 The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the ETF Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
ETF Share Currency: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
ISIN of ETF Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike 
Days in the period if applicable][See table 
[above][below]] 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph 
[specify] above][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a [Disrupted 
Day], 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
[subparagraph (iii)[(B) [1][2] of the definition of 
Modified Postponement as set out in the ETF Linked 
Conditions shall apply for the purposes of Modified 
Postponement] 
(ix) 
Interest Payment Dates(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [insert table] [or 
such later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] 
(x) 
[Coupon Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify] [See table [above][below] [or such later date 
as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] [subparagraph (ii) (A)(B) of the definition 
of Valuation Date in the ETF Linked Condition shall 
apply for the purposes of Valuation Date] 
(xi) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation 
Period]] [[specify], being the time specified on the 
relevant [Coupon Valuation Date] [Observation Date] 
or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the [ETF Linked Interest Amount] [Not 
applicable] 
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time 
will be the close of trading on the Exchange)

--- Page 346 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
346 
 
 
(xii) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[subparagraph (ii) (A)(B) of the definition of 
Valuation Date in the ETF Linked Condition shall 
apply for the purposes of Valuation Date] 
(xiii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[[(All 
ETF 
Shares 
Basis)][[(Per 
ETF 
Shares 
Basis)]][(Single ETF Share Basis)]][(Cross Asset 
Basis)]]  
(xiv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[[(All 
ETF 
Share 
Basis)]][[(Per 
ETF 
Share 
Basis)]][(Single ETF Share Basis)]][(Cross Asset 
Basis)]] 
(xv) 
ETF Share Correction Period: 
[As set out in the ETF Linked Condition 6][specify] 
(xvi) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[Not applicable][specify][five][Scheduled Trading 
Days] 
(xvii) 
Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 2(b)] [specify] 
(xxiii) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
ETF 
Events: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
ETF 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Extraordinary 
ETF Events apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] 
(Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
24. Fund Linked Interest Provisions:  
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period from 
and including] [specify] [to and including [specify]] 
only]][Not 
applicable] 
[for 
the 
purposes 
of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) - Range 
Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)),

--- Page 347 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
347 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to 
the provisions of paragraph 41 "Credit Linked 
Interest/Redemption" 
and 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
(i) 
Fund(s)/Fund Basket(s): 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[The NAV per Fund Share will be published on 
[specify]]  
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [Fund Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[specify][a unit of the relevant Fund] [See table 
[above][below]] 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph 
[specify] above][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Fund Non-
Valuation Date, [Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [insert table] [or 
such later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] 
(v) 
[Coupon Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify] [See table [above][below] [or such later date 
as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] 
(vi) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
 
(vii) 
Fund Business Day: 
[specify][(All Fund Share Basis)][(Per Fund Share 
Basis)][(Single Fund Share Basis)]] [As per the Fund 
Linked Conditions] 
(viii) 
Initial Calculation Dates:  
 
(a) 
Initial Calculation Day:  
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(b) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Calculation Period: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] [Not applicable]

--- Page 348 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
348 
 
 
(x) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Extraordinary Fund Events: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 1] [specify] 
(a) 
NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(c) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(d) 
Number 
of 
NAV 
Publication Days: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(e) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(xii) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
Fund 
Events: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Fund 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Extraordinary 
Fund Events apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Delayed Payment Cut-Off Date: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 3][specify] 
25. Inflation Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period from 
and including] [specify] [to and including [specify]] 
only]][Not applicable][for the purposes of determining 
the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 16(ix)] (insert 
where "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" applies 
under item 16(ix)) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to 
the provisions of paragraph 41 "Credit Linked 
Interest/Redemption" 
and 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(If more than one Inflation Rate is to be determined, 
repeat items (i) to (ix) for each such Inflation Rate and, 
if Digital Coupon One Condition of Digital Coupon 
two Conditions apply distinguish between the Rate 
which is Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the Rate 
which is Rate C if applicable) 
(i) 
[Index][Indices][Basket of each 
Inflation Index] 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]]

--- Page 349 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
349 
 
 
 
(Set out each Index level and insert "in respect of 
[specify date]" following each Index level) 
(ii) 
Screen Page/Exchange/ CODE: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per the Inflation Linked Conditions][specify] 
(v) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fallback Bond][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike 
Days in the period if applicable] 
(ix) 
Reference Month: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Determination Date 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Inflation Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
26. Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period from 
and including] [specify] [to and including [specify]] 
only]][Not 
applicable] 
[for 
the 
purposes 
of 
determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 
16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) - Range 
Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) [For the purpose 
of determining the "RI FX Level" specified in item 
16(ix)] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to 
the provisions of paragraph 41 "Credit Linked 
Interest/Redemption" 
and 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] 
(ii) 
Subject Currency/Currencies:  
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] [and EM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions 
apply to such Subject Currency]

--- Page 350 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
350 
 
 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike 
Days in the period if applicable][See table 
[above][below]] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph 
[specify] above][See table [above] [below] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [Insert table] [or 
such later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] 
(vi) 
[Coupon Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below] [or such later date 
as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] 
(vii) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
 
(viii) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Provisions do not apply to a 
Settlement Currency: 
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject Currencies 
to which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]] [Not applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject 
Currency, complete as relevant for each such Subject 
Currency) 
(a) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Note Condition 7]  
(d) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Not applicable] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
Non-EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions 
apply to more than one such Subject Currency and 
different Disruption Events (or components thereof) 
also apply thereto).  
(e) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify][five][Scheduled 
Trading 
Days][Not 
applicable]

--- Page 351 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
351 
 
 
(ix) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies 
to which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject 
Currency, complete as relevant for each such Subject 
Currency) 
(a) 
Provisions applicable to 
determining 
the 
Settlement Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 7 
[and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where 
more than one Subject Currency]]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: [specify]  
(b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] 
per cent.  
EM 
Primary 
Rate: 
[specify][The 
rate 
determined as set out in the definition of 
Settlement Price] 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First 
Fallback Reference Price [and]][EM Second 
Fallback Reference Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to 
more than one such Subject Currency and different 
EM Disruption Events (or components thereof) also 
apply thereto)  
(c) 
EM Disruption Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: 
[specify] 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: 
[specify]

--- Page 352 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
352 
 
 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to 
more than one such Subject Currency and different 
EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) 
also apply thereto)  
(d) 
EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to 
more than one such Subject Currency and different 
EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) 
also apply thereto)  
(e) 
EM Cumulative Events: 
[Not applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to 
more than one such Subject Currency and different 
EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) 
also apply thereto)  
(f) 
EM Number of Settlement 
Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][EM Settlement 
Days] [specify] 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement Settlement 
Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [specify]]  
(x) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable] [As per the Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Conditions] [The following Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[[Hedging Disruption][Increased Cost of Hedging]  
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(insert where Change in Law does not apply) 
27. Reference Item Rate Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [on][during the period from 
and including] [specify] [to and including] [specify] 
only][Not applicable] [for the purposes of determining 
the "Rate of Interest" specified in item 16(ix)] (insert 
where "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" applies 
under item 16(ix))  
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to 
the provisions of paragraph 41 "Credit Linked 
Interest/Redemption" 
and 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]

--- Page 353 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
353 
 
 
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Note Provisions shall 
apply. For the purposes of determining the Reference 
Item Rate on the basis of elections in this paragraph] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
(If more than one Reference Item Rate is to be 
determined, 
include 
the 
following 
language: 
"Reference Item Rate [specify] is as follows:" and 
repeat items (i) to (vi)) below for each such Reference 
Item Rate) 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Item Rate: 
[specify period] [month] [year] [LIBOR] [EURIBOR] 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [CMS Rate with a 
Designated 
Maturity 
of 
[insert 
years]][specify 
Government Bond Yield Rate][specify TEC Rate] 
[with a Designated Maturity of [insert years]] [specify 
other] 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
[specify] 
(c) 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] (In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate 1 minus Reference Item Rate 
2][Not 
applicable] 
[See 
paragraph 
[specify][above][below] 
 
(If a Reference Spread applies for each Interest 
Period, the Reference Spread shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period.)

--- Page 354 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
354 
 
 
(iv) 
[Coupon Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][or such later date as provided in the 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in 
Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(v) 
Range Accrual Cut-Off Date:  
[specify] [See paragraph [specify][above][below][Not 
applicable]  
(vi) 
Business Day: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of determining 
the Reference Item Rate only, "Business Day" means 
[a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [specify] 
[A Target Settlement Day][Reference Rate Business 
Day (as defined in General Condition 4(b)(iv)(2)][a 
"U.S. Government Notes Business Day", being any 
day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (SIFMA) recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for the purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities.] [Not applicable] 
28. EUA Contract Linked Interest Provisions 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(i) 
EUA 
Contract/EUA 
Contracts/Basket 
of 
EUA 
Contracts 
[specify EUA Contract/EUA Contracts][The [futures] 
contract specified in item (viii) below)] 
[Relevant Registry: [specify]]  
(ii) 
Pricing Date(s) 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Initial Pricing Date 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Final Pricing Date 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Coupon Valuation Date(s) 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Interest Payment Dates 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Trade Date 
[specify] 
(viii) 
EUA Contract Reference Price 
[specify] [For example: 
For any Pricing Date, that day's Specified Price on the 
[insert] of the EUA Contract][for the Delivery Date], 
[stated in [currency]][per][specify] quantity and 
commodity][, as made public by][specify] on that 
Pricing Date] 
[The Price Source is/are []]23 
(ix) 
EUA Contract Business Day 
[EUA Contract Linked Condition [1] applies][specify] 
(x) 
Delivery Date 
[specify][Not applicable] 
                                                          
23 Delete if using automated EUA Contract Reference Prices

--- Page 355 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
355 
 
 
(xi) 
Nearby Month  
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Specified Price 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Exchange 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xiv) 
Valuation Time 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the 
relevant time on [insert relevant date(s)].]/[specify] 
(xv) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption 
[specify] [[specify] EUA Contract Business Days]24 
/[As per Conditions] 
(xvi) 
Weighting 
[The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket of EUA Contracts is [specify]]/[Not 
applicable] 
(xvii) 
Rolling Futures Contract Notes 
[Yes/No] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Dislocation Event: [Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
Dislocation Level: [specify]/[As per Conditions]] 
(xviii) 
Futures Rollover [Date/Period] 
[specify][Not applicable] 
29. Combination Interest: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(Applicable in relation to Interest linked to a 
combination of types of Reference Items) 
 
(If applicable, complete relevant prompts from 
Paragraphs 16 to 28) 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION AND PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT 
LINKED NOTES 
 
30. Final Redemption Amount: 
[Redemption at par][Calculation Amount * [specify] 
per cent.][Calculation Amount * Final Payout][, 
subject to [specify][the application of the Settlement 
Exchange 
Rate 
Provisions[in 
the 
specified 
circumstances set out in the Final Payout Formula 
only]]][specify] 
31. Final Payout: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If applicable, in respect 
of the following, insert formula from Payout Condition 
2.2 and relevant definitions from Payout Condition 
5)(If not applicable, delete remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
[Redemption (i)] 
 
[Redemption (ii) - Call] 
 
[Redemption (iii) - Put] 
                                                          
24 [Only applicable in respect of EUA contract linked notes linked to a single EUA contract]

--- Page 356 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
356 
 
 
 
[Redemption (iv)] – Digital] 
 
[Redemption (v) - Digital with Knock-in] 
 
[Redemption (vi) – Strike Podium n Conditions] 
 
[Redemption (vii) – Knock-in] 
 
[Redemption (viii) – Knock-in Standard] 
 
[Redemption (ix) – Knock-in Put Leverage] 
 
[Redemption (x) – Barrier and Knock-in Standard] 
 
[Redemption (xi) – Barrier and Knock-in]  
 
[Redemption (xii) – Barrier and Knock-in Put 
Leverage] 
[Redemption (xiii) – Twin Win] 
 
[Redemption (xiv) – Himalaya] 
 
[Redemption (xv) - Booster] 
 
[Redemption (xvi) – Bonus] 
 
[Redemption (xvii) – Dual Currency Digital] 
 
[Redemption (xviii) – Count Barrier Condition] 
 
[Redemption (xix) – Accumulation] 
[Redemption (xx) - Range Accrual] 
[Redemption (xxi) –Twin Win with Knock-out Event 
capital protected] 
[Redemption (xxii) – Twin Win with Knock-out 
Barriers capital at risk] 
[Redemption (xxiii) – Knockout Standard] 
[Redemption (xxiv) – Barrier and Knock-out] 
[Redemption (xxv) – Dual Currency Barriers] 
[Redemption (xxvi) – Dual Currency Barrier and 
Knock-out] 
[Redemption (xxvii) – Dual Currency Accumulation] 
32. Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If applicable, specify 
one of the following) 
 
[ST Automatic Early Redemption][Target Automatic 
Early Redemption] (always insert 'Target Automatic 
Early Redemption Event' in relation to Accumulated 
Coupon) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 357 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
357 
 
 
(i) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Event: 
[In respect of [any][all] Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date[s] [from (i)=[specify] to (i)=[specify]] 
[for [each][the][relevant][any][all] Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Period[s] [from ([i])=[specify] 
to ([i])=[specify]] [,the] AER Value [for every 
Reference Item in the Basket] is: [greater than][greater 
than or equal to][less than][less than or equal to] the 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Trigger][within][outside] 
[the 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Range] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
AER Value:  
[insert relevant value definition and where applicable 
relevant definitions from Payout Condition 5.1 and 
5.2] 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount:  
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(Insert relevant formula from payout annex) 
(iv) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Trigger: 
[[specify][per 
cent.]][Not 
applicable][See 
table 
[above][below]][Insert table] 
(v) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Range:  
From and [including][excluding][specify range of 
values, percentages, level, or prices etc] to and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc][Not applicable] [See 
table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
AER Percentage:  
[specify] per cent.][Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] 
 
(insert where ST Automatic Early Redemption applies) 
(vii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify][The date falling [specify] Business Days 
following [each][the] Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation [Date][Period] in respect of which an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred] [or 
such later date for payment determined as provided in 
the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in 
Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]] [See table 
[above][below]] 
(viii) 
AER Additional Rate:  
[AER Rate][Insert relevant provisions from Payout 
Condition 5.1][Not applicable] 
 
[AER Rate DCF][Insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
[AER Rate MT][Insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
[See table [above][below]] 
(ix) 
[(i)] Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [Each [specify] [Scheduled Trading Day] 
falling within the [relevant] Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]]

--- Page 358 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
358 
 
 
[subparagraph (ii)[(A)][(B)] of the definition of 
Valuation Date as set out in the [Index][Equity][EFT] 
Linked Condition shall apply for the purposes of 
Valuation Date] 
(repeat as necessary)  
(x) 
[(ii) Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Period(s):]  
[[from (i)=[specify] to [specify] [Each][The] period 
from [and including][but excluding][specify], to [and 
including][but 
excluding][specify] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(xi) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Time:  
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date][during the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Period][Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Averaging:  
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph 
[specify] above][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
[subparagraph (iii)[(B) [1][2] of the definition of 
Modified 
Postponement 
as 
set 
out 
in 
the 
[Index][Equity][ETF] Linked Conditions shall apply 
for the purposes of Modified Postponement] 
 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [specify][five]] 
 
(If not Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specific Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to five) 
33. Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Valuation 
Date(s):  
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[[specify] per Calculation Amount] ][In relation to 
each Note][its pro rata share of][specify] [The 
Optional Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(Insert relevant formula from Payout Annex)] 
 
(Insert relevant Optional Redemption Amount in 
respect of each relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
These may be set out in a table or annexed to the Final 
Terms)

--- Page 359 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
359 
 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [specify] 
Maximum period: [specify] 
 
[Not applicable] 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent.) 
34. Noteholder Put Option: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Valuation 
Date(s):  
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s):  
[[specify] [per Calculation Amount][The Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
shall 
be 
determined 
in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(Insert relevant formula from Payout Annex)] 
(iv) 
Notice periods:  
Minimum period: [specify][Not applicable] 
 
Maximum period: [specify][Not applicable] 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
35. Early Redemption Amount: 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount][As set out in 
General Condition 6 (f)]  
36. Index Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 360 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
360 
 
 
(i) 
[Index][Basket of Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 
to [[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See 
table below] [Insert table] [See paragraph 21(i) above] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description 
and, 
if 
relevant, details of where investors can obtain 
information 
about 
the 
Index][(see 
paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
[The (specify Index) is [not] a [Single-Exchange] [or] 
[Multi-Exchange Index] (repeat as necessary)] 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Index Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
[Exchange(s)][Pricing Source]: and 
Index Sponsor]:  
(a) 
[the relevant [Exchange[s]][Pricing Source 
[s] [is][are]specify] [there are no relevant 
[Exchanges][Pricing Sources]][specify]; and 
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [specify]] 
[See table [above][below]] [See paragraph 
21(ii) above] 
(include Pricing Source if non Multi-
Exchange/Single 
Exchange 
is 
selected 
above). 
(iii) 
[Related 
Exchange][Related 
Pricing Source]: 
[specify][All 
Exchanges][Not 
applicable] 
[See 
paragraph 21(iii) above] 
[specify][All 
Related 
Pricing 
Sources] 
[Not 
applicable] (include Related Pricing Source if the 
Index is a non Single-Exchange or Multi-Exchange 
Index). 
(iv) 
Screen Page:  
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
[See paragraph 21[(i)][(iv)] above] 
(v) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]:  
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike 
Days in the period if applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [See paragraph 21(v) above] 
(vi) 
Averaging:  
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph 
[specify] above][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
[subparagraph (iii)[(B) [1][2] of the definition of 
Modified Postponement as set out in the Index Linked 
Conditions shall apply for the purposes of Modified 
Postponement] 
(vii) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above] [below]] 
[subparagraph (ii)[(A)][(B)] of the definition of 
Valuation Date as set out in the Index Linked 
Condition shall apply for the purposes of Valuation 
Date]

--- Page 361 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
361 
 
 
(viii) 
Valuation Time:  
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify], being the time specified 
on the relevant [Redemption Valuation Date] 
[Observation Date] or an Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, for the calculation of the [Redemption 
Amount] [As per the Index Linked Conditions] 
(ix) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above] [below]] 
 
[subparagraph (ii)[(A)][(B)] of the definition of 
Valuation Date as set out in the Index Linked 
Condition shall apply for the purposes of Valuation 
Date] 
(x) 
[Exchange Business Day][Index 
Business Day]: 
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single Index 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)]  
 
(include 
Index 
Business 
Day 
if 
non 
Multi-
Exchange/Single Exchange is selected above). 
(xi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single Index 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day/ Index Business Day) 
(xii) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As set out in Index Linked Condition 7][specify] 
(xiii) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption:  
[specify][eight][Scheduled 
Trading 
Days][Not 
applicable] 
(xiv) 
Additional Disruption Events:  
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Index 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies)  
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Component Borrow]  
 
[Loss of Component Borrow] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[[The Maximum Component Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify]] is [specify]] (only applicable if Loss of 
Component Borrow is applicable)] 
 
[[The Initial Component Loan rate in respect of 
[specify] is [specify].(N.B. only applicable if Increased 
Cost is Component Borrow is applicable)] 
37. Equity Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 362 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
362 
 
 
(i) 
[Share(s)][Share Company][Basket 
of Shares][Basket Company]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 
to [[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See 
table [above] [below]] [Insert table]] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Equity Linked Conditions]] [see 
paragraph 22(i) above] 
(ii) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]] [see paragraph 
22[(i)][(ii)] above] 
(iii) 
ISIN of Share(s):  
[specify] [See table [above] [below]] [see paragraph 
22[(i)][(iii)] above] 
(iv) 
Screen Page:  
[specify] [See table [above] [below]] [see paragraph 
22[(i)][(iv)] above] 
(v) 
Exchange:  
[specify] [See table [above] [below]] [see paragraph 
22[(i)][(v)] above]  
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s):  
[specify][All 
Exchanges][Not 
applicable] 
[see 
paragraph 22(vi) above] 
(vii) 
Depositary Receipt provisions:  
[Applicable][Not applicable] [For Reference Item 
k=[specify][and k=[specify] [See paragraph 22(vii) 
above] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Details of share: 
[specify name and ISIN code of the share to which the 
relevant Depository Receipts relate] 
(b) 
Share Exchange:  
[specify] 
(viii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]:  
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike 
Days in the period if applicable][See table 
[above][below]] [see paragraph 22(viii) above] 
(ix) 
Averaging:  
[Not applicable][Averaging applies to the Notes.][The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].][See paragraph 
[specify] above][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
[subparagraph (iii)[(B) [1][2] of the definition of 
Modified Postponement as set out in the Equity Linked 
Conditions shall apply for the purposes of Modified 
Postponement] 
(x) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[subparagraph ii (A)(B) of the definition of Valuation

--- Page 363 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
363 
 
 
Date as set out in the Equity Linked Conditions shall 
apply for the purposes of Valuation Date] 
(xi) 
Valuation Time:  
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify], being the time specified 
on the relevant [Redemption Valuation Date] 
[Observation Date] or an Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, for the calculation of the [Redemption 
Amount]  
(xii) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[subparagraph (ii) (A)(B) of the definition of 
Valuation Date as set out in the Equity Linked 
Conditions shall apply for the purposes of Valuation 
Date]] 
(xiii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(xiv) 
Scheduled Trading Day:  
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(xv) 
Share Correction Period:  
[As set out in Equity Linked Condition 8][specify] 
(xvi) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption:  
[specify][eight][Scheduled 
Trading 
Days][Not 
applicable] 
(xvii) 
Extraordinary Events:  
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Equity 
Linked 
Conditions][In addition to De-Listing, Insolvency, 
Merger Event and Nationalisation, the following 
Extraordinary Events apply to the Notes]: 
[Listing Change] 
[Listing Suspension] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
(xviii) 
Additional Disruption Events:  
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Equity 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow]  
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.]

--- Page 364 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
364 
 
 
 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[Failure to Deliver: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]](Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable) 
38. ETF Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[ETF(s)]/[ETF Basket]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 
to [[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See 
table [above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the ETF Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
ETF Share Currency: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
ISIN of ETF Share(s):  
[specify]  
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify]  
(v) 
Exchange(s):  
[specify] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] 
[Not 
applicable][see paragraph 23[(i)][(v)] above] 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s):  
[specify][All 
Exchanges][Not 
applicable][see 
paragraph 23(vi) above] 
(vii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]:  
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike 
Days in the period if applicable][See table 
[above][below][see paragraph 23(vii) above] 
(viii) 
Averaging:  
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph 
[specify] above][See table [above][below]]  
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
[subparagraph (iii)[(B) [1][2] of the definition of 
Modified Postponement as set out in the ETF Linked 
Conditions shall apply for the purposes of Modified 
Postponement] 
(ix) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/ 
Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[subparagraph (ii) (A)(B) of the definition of

--- Page 365 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
365 
 
 
Valuation Date in the ETF Linked Conditions shall 
apply for the purposes of Valuation Date] 
(x) 
Valuation Time:  
 [Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Observation 
Period]] [[specify], being the time specified on the 
relevant 
[Redemption 
Valuation 
Date] 
or 
an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the calculation 
of the [Redemption Amount][As per ETF Linked 
Condition 6][Not applicable] 
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time 
will be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
(xi) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][see table above][below]] 
[subparagraph (ii) (A)(B) of the definition of 
Valuation Date in the ETF Linked Condition shall 
apply for the purposes of Valuation Date] 
(xii) 
Exchange Business Day:  
[(All ETF Shares Basis)] [(Per ETF Share Basis)] 
[(Single ETF Share Basis)] [(Cross Asset Basis)]] [Not 
applicable] 
(xiii) 
Scheduled Trading Day:  
[[(All ETF Shares Basis)] [(Per ETF Share Basis)] 
[(Single ETF Share Basis)] [(Cross Asset Basis)]] [Not 
applicable] 
(xiv) 
ETF Share Correction Period:  
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 6][specify] 
(xv) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption:  
[specify][eight][Scheduled 
Trading 
Days][Not 
applicable] 
(xvi) 
Extraordinary ETF Events:  
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 2(b)] [specify] 
(xvii) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
ETF 
Events:  
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
ETF 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
 
[Failure to Deliver: Not applicable] 
 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]]

--- Page 366 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
366 
 
 
(Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable) 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]](Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable) 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
39. Fund Linked Redemption:  
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Fund(s)/Fund Basket: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 
to [[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See 
table [above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[The NAV per Fund Share will be published on 
[specify]] 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify]] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Fund Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [see paragraph 
24(ii)][a unit of the relevant Fund] 
(iii) 
Averaging:  
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph 
[specify] above][See table [above][below] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a [Fund Non-
Valuation Date][Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
(iv) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][see table above][below]] 
 
(v) 
Redemption Valuation Date(s)/ 
Period(s):  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
Fund Business Day:  
[specify][(All Fund Share Basis)][(Per Fund Share 
Basis)][(Single Fund Share Basis)] [As per the Fund 
Linked Conditions] 
(vii) 
Initial Calculation Dates: 
(a) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
 
[specify][Not applicable]  
(b) 
Initial Calculation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Calculation Days: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable]

--- Page 367 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
367 
 
 
(x) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 1] [specify]  
(a) 
NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable]  
(b) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[specify][As 
per 
the 
Fund 
Linked 
Condition 
6][specify][Not applicable]  
(c) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[As per the Fund Linked Conditions][specify]  
(d) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable]  
(e) 
Number 
of 
NAV 
Publication Days: 
[specify] [As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6][Not 
applicable]  
(xi) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
Fund 
Events: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Fund 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Extraordinary 
Fund Events apply to the Notes]:  
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
[Failure to Deliver: Not applicable] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Delayed Payment Cut-off Date: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 3][specify][Not 
applicable]  
40. Inflation Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Index][Indices]: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
(ii) 
Screen page/Exchange/CODE: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per the Inflation Linked Conditions][specify] 
(v) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fallback Bond][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[As set out in Inflation Linked Condition 4][specify]  
(viii) 
Reference Month: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike 
Days in the period if applicable] 
(x) 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(xi) 
Additional Redemption Event: 
[Not applicable][As per the Inflation Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes:

--- Page 368 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
368 
 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
41. Credit Linked Interest/Redemption: 
[Applicable: 
(a) 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
[in 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short Exposure]] 
(Specify not applicable for Credit Linked Notes which 
are Zero Coupon Credit Linked Notes or if Interest 
Amount is not subject to Credit provisions and repeat 
as necessary for Long/Short Credit Linked Notes) 
(If Credit Linked Interest is specified as applicable for 
Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, First-to-
Default Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Credit 
Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes (in 
respect of which the Long Exposure and/or Short 
Exposure is a Single Reference Entity Exposure, First-
to-Default Exposure or Nth-to-Default Exposure):  
[Accrual 
of 
Interest 
up 
to 
Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]] 
(b) Credit Linked Redemption: [Applicable][Not 
applicable] [in respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]]] 
(Specify not applicable for Credit Linked Notes if 
redemption is not subject to Credit provisions) 
[Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type of Credit Linked Notes: 
The Notes are [Single Reference Entity][First-to-
Default] [Nth-to-Default] Credit Linked Notes [and 
the Relevant Number is [specify] (for Nth-to-Default 
Credit Linked Notes)] [Non-Tranched Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes where Credit Payment [on 
Maturity] [As You Go] applies] [Tranched Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes] [Non-Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes – [iTraxx] [CDX] [where Credit 
Payment [on Maturity] [As You Go] applies]] 
[Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes – [iTraxx] 
[CDX]] [Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Notes][Long/Short Credit Linked Notes] 
 
(a) 
[Credit Event Amount: [specify amount] 
(only use for Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Index Credit Linked Notes to which 
Credit Payment As You Go applies)[As set 
out in the Credit Linked Conditions]] 
 
(b) 
[Credit Event Payment Date: [[specify] (if 
other than three) Business Days] [As set out 
in the Credit Linked Conditions]] [or such 
later date for payment determined as

--- Page 369 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
369 
 
 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the 
Payout Conditions] 
((a) and (b) are only applicable for Non-
Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
or Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes 
to which Credit Payment As You Go applies, 
otherwise delete (a) and (b)) 
 
(c) 
[Credit Observation End Date [in 
respect of Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure] [in respect of Basket Tranched 
Index Component k=[ ]]: [specify if different 
from Scheduled Maturity Date]] (For 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the 
same for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, 
specify for each separately or repeat as 
necessary for Basket Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes)  
 
(d) 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]][in respect of Basket Tranched 
Index Component k=[ ]:] Index Annex: 
[Markit iTraxx® Europe [index name] Series 
[specify] 
Version 
[specify]] 
/ 
[Markit 
CDX.NA.[IG/HY].[ ] [specify sector, if any] 
[specify series, if any] [specify version, if 
any] 
               (Delete this paragraph if the Notes are not 
Index Credit Linked Notes or if the Notes are 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes and the 
Long Exposure and the Short Exposure do 
not reference an Index or repeat as necessary 
for Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes) 
 
(e) 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]][in respect of Basket Tranched 
Index Component k=[ ]:] Annex Date: 
[specify] 
(Delete this paragraph if the Notes are not 
Index Credit Linked Notes or if the Notes are 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes and the 
Long Exposure and the Short Exposure do 
not reference an Index or repeat as 
necessary for Basket Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked 
Notes) 
(f) 
[Credit Event Backstop Date [in 
respect of Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure] [in respect of Basket Tranched 
Index Component k=[]:]: The later to occur 
of (A) the Trade Date and (B) the Credit 
Event Backstop Date as determined pursuant 
to 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
13 
and 
subparagraph (a) or (b) of the definition of 
"Credit 
Event 
Backstop 
Date", 
as 
applicable.] (For Long/Short Credit Linked 
Notes, if not the same for Long Exposure and

--- Page 370 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
370 
 
 
Short Exposure, specify for each separately 
or repeat as necessary for Basket Tranched 
Index Credit Linked Notes) 
(ii) 
Credit Event Redemption Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:]  [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 
13] 
 [specify amount] (only use for zero/set recovery that 
are not Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked 
Notes) [Not applicable] (specify in case of physically 
settled Notes or if Credit Linked Redemption is not 
applicable)  
(iii) 
Protected Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:] [Applicable][Not applicable] (Specify not 
applicable if Credit Linked Redemption is not 
applicable) 
[specify amount if applicable (Express as a percentage 
of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount)] 
(NB The Protected Amount may be applicable in case 
of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, First-
to Default Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to Default Credit 
Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Index Credit Linked Notes and Long/Short Credit 
Linked Notes where only part of the Nominal Amount 
is exposed to the relevant Reference Entity/es)  
(iv) 
Unwind Costs: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:]  [Applicable: [specify]][Standard Unwind 
Costs][Not applicable] (Specify not applicable if 
Credit Linked Redemption is not applicable)  
(v) 
Credit Multiplier: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:]  [Not applicable] [specify (insert only if 
Credit Multiplier is not 1)](Repeat as necessary where 
different figures apply for interest or redemption 
purposes and/or where it may change in respect of 
different dates)  
(vi) 
[(a)] Credit Event Redemption 
Date: 
[Credit Linked Condition 13 applies][(specify if other 
than three) Business Days] [or such later date for 
payment determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the 
Payout Conditions]] (Delete this line item for 
Physically Settled Notes or if Credit linked 
Redemption is not applicable) (Apply for Long /Short 
Credit Linked Notes)  
[(b)] Maturity Credit Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]] (Delete this line item 
(b) for Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked 
Notes or if Credit Linked Redemption is not 
applicable)]  
(vii) 
Settlement Method: 
[(see further item(s) [(xxxi)] [to] 
[(lvii)] below)] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:] 
 
[Auction 
Settlement][Cash 
Settlement][Physical Delivery]

--- Page 371 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
371 
 
 
[Not 
applicable]: 
[Zero/Set 
Recovery 
Notes] 
[Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes] 
[Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes where Zero 
Recovery is applicable] [Basket Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes where Zero Recovery is 
applicable] [in respect of the Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure or where Long Short Exposure and Short 
Exposure comprise a Tranched Linear Basket 
Exposure] [Not applicable] (specify not applicable if 
Credit Linked Redemption is not applicable) (For 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately)  
(viii) 
Calculation Agent City: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:] [specify][As per the Physical Settlement 
Matrix] (For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not 
the same for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, 
specify for each separately)  
(ix) 
[Business Day Convention: 
[Following][Modified 
Following][Preceding] 
Business Day Convention (Insert only where no 
Business Day Convention has been specified already 
for the Notes, otherwise delete.)]  
(x) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[Long 
Exposure:] 
[specify] 
[[Short 
Exposure: 
[specify]] [these may be set out in the form of a table 
as by reference to a credit derivatives index setting out 
the applicable names (in which circumstances, include 
the following text and any details of the date/version 
of the referenced credit derivatives index: "Each 
Reference Entity comprising the [specify name of 
index] on the [Issue/Trade Date]. No adjustments to 
the terms of the Notes shall be made to reflect 
subsequent versions or reconstitutions of the [specify 
name of index].". All relevant items below should be 
completed in respect of each Reference Entity 
(repeating items where necessary) which may also be 
done by including the Reference Entities and such 
items in a table] [For Index Credit Linked Notes or, in 
the case of Long/Short Credit Linked Notes where the 
Long Exposure and/or Short Exposure references an 
Index: As defined in Credit Linked Condition 13] [and 
the relevant "Reference Entity Weighting" shall be 
[specify] in respect of each Reference Entity].(insert 
only where it is necessary to change the weighting 
specified by the relevant Index)]  
(xi) 
Physical Settlement Matrix: 
[Applicable [in respect of Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure], [for which purpose the Date of the Physical 
Settlement Matrix is [specify]]][Not applicable] [in 
respect of Long Exposure and Short Exposure]] (if 
Applicable, specify in relation to each Reference 
Entity its Transaction Type) [in respect of Long 
Exposure and Short Exposure] (For Long/Short Credit 
Linked Notes, if not the same for Long Exposure and 
Short Exposure, specify for each separately)  
(xii) 
Transaction Type: 
[Not applicable]

--- Page 372 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
372 
 
 
[Long 
Exposure:] 
[specify] 
[[Short 
Exposure: 
[specify] subject to adjustment as provided in the 
definition of Successor, as applicable.] (insert in 
relation to each Reference Entity if item (xiii) applies. 
(e.g.: 'European Corporate'.))  
(For Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes 
insert the following for each Index and repeat as 
necessary) [In respect of Basket Tranched Index 
Component k= [ ]] 
(For iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes or for 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes where the Long 
Exposure and/or Short Exposure references the iTraxx 
Index) [As specified opposite the relevant Reference 
Entity in the Index Annex [for the [Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure], 
subject 
to 
adjustment as provided in the definition of Successor, 
as applicable.] 
(For CDX Index Credit Linked Notes or for 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes where the Long 
Exposure and/or Short Exposure references the CDX 
Index) [[specify] in respect of each Reference Entity 
[for the [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure], 
unless another Transaction Type is specified in the 
Index Annex, in which case the Transaction Type will 
be as specified opposite the relevant Reference Entity 
in the Index Annex, subject to adjustment as provided 
in definition of "Successor", as applicable.]  
(xiii) 
Reference Entity Notional Amount: 
[specify in respect of each Reference Entity]][Not 
applicable] [For Index Credit Linked Notes and/or 
where a Credit Multiplier applies: As defined in 
Credit Linked Condition 13] (For Non-Tranched 
Index Credit Linked Notes and Non-Tranched Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes which are Instalment 
Notes, then please specify that the RENA will be equal 
to:) [Means in respect of each Reference Entity, (i) the 
product of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
and the Credit Multiplier (if any) multiplied by (ii) the 
Reference Entity Weighting for such Reference Entity 
multiplied by (iii) one divided by the aggregate of the 
Reference Entity Weightings for all Reference 
Entities, subject to the provisions of the definition of 
"Successor".]  
[For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes: Long Exposure: 
[specify in respect of each Reference Entity][Not 
applicable][For a Long Exposure that references an 
Index: as defined in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
[Short Exposure: [specify in respect of each Reference 
Entity][Not applicable][For a Short Exposure that 
references an Index: as defined in Credit Linked 
Condition 13]  
(xiv) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
(Where either (a) Standard Reference Obligation is 
not applicable or (b) Standard Reference Obligation 
is applicable but there is no Standard Reference 
Obligation when the Final Terms are signed, insert 
one of the following:) (For Long/Short Credit Linked

--- Page 373 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
373 
 
 
 
Notes where the Long Exposure and/or Short 
Exposure does not reference an Index insert the 
following in respect of the Long Exposure and/or 
Short Exposure as the case may be. Repeat if neither 
Long Exposure nor Short Exposure references an 
Index.) 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:] 
[If no initial Reference Obligation is to be specified, 
insert: Initially none, subject to the Calculation 
Agent's ability to select and/or replace the Reference 
Obligation from time to time in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 13.] 
OR 
[If the initial Reference Obligation is to be specified: 
Initially the [insert if the guarantee is the Reference 
Obligation: 
guarantee 
of 
the] 
[select: 
[bond][loan][other obligation]] specified below, 
subject to the Calculation Agent's ability to select 
and/or replace the Reference Obligation from time to 
time in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 13: 
(a) Primary Obligor: [specify] 
(b) Guarantor: [specify] 
(c) Maturity: [specify] 
(d) Coupon: [specify] 
(e) CUSIP/ISIN: [specify].] 
Standard Reference Obligation: [Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
Seniority 
Level: 
[Senior 
Level][Subordinated 
Level][As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13]] 
(Where Standard Reference Obligation is applicable 
and there is a Standard Reference Obligation when the 
Final Terms are signed, insert:) 
[Standard Reference Obligation: Applicable 
Seniority 
Level: 
[Senior 
Level][Subordinated 
Level][As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
The Calculation Agent has the ability to select and/or 
replace the Reference Obligation from time to time in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 13.] 
[For Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit 
Linked Notes where the Long Exposure and/or Short 
Exposure 
references 
an 
Index, 
insert:[Long 
Exposure]: As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13.] 
[Short Exposure: As set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 13.] 
 
 
 
(xv) 
All Guarantees: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:]  [As per the Physical Settlement 
Matrix][Applicable][Not applicable]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:] [Provisions relating to Qualifying 
Guarantee and Underlying Obligation: Credit Linked

--- Page 374 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
374 
 
 
Condition 17 [Applicable][Not applicable]](delete if 
Physical Settlement Matrix applies) 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same 
for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for 
each separately) 
(xvi) 
Credit Events: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:] [As per the Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(delete remainder if Physical Settlement Matrix 
applies) 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:] 
[Bankruptcy]  
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace 
Period 
Extension] 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
 
[If applicable: Grace Period: [specify]] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
[Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit Event: 
Credit Linked Condition 14: [Not applicable] (only 
include where the intention is to disapply Credit 
Linked Condition 14, otherwise delete line item) 
 
[Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation: 
Credit Linked Condition 15: [Applicable][Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Fully 
Transferable 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable]] 
 
[Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]] 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same 
for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for 
each separately) 
(a) 
Default Requirement: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:] [specify] [As set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 13] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same 
for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for 
each separately)

--- Page 375 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
375 
 
 
(b) 
Payment Requirement: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:] [specify] [As set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 13] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same 
for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for 
each separately)  
(xvii) 
Credit Event Determination Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:] Notice of Publicly Available Information: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
[If Applicable: 
 
Public Source(s): [specify] 
 
Specified Number: [specify]] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same 
for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for 
each separately) 
(xviii) 
Obligation(s): 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:]  
(a) 
Obligation Category: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:][As 
per 
the 
Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix][Payment] [Borrowed Money] [Reference 
Obligation Only] [Bond] [Loan] [Bond or Loan]  
(select one only) 
(b) 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:] [As per the Physical Settlement 
Matrix][Not Subordinated] [Specified Currency: 
[specify currency/Standard Specified Currency] [Not 
Sovereign Lender] [Not Domestic Currency: [specify 
currency]] [Not Domestic Law] [Listed] [Not 
Domestic Issuance]  
(select all of which apply) (For Long/Short Credit 
Linked Notes, if not the same for Long Exposure and 
Short Exposure, specify for each separately) 
(xix) 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:] [specify][Not applicable] 
(xx) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:] [specify][Not applicable]  
(xxi) 
Domestic Currency: 
[In respect of Long Exposure and Short Exposure:] 
[As set out in the Credit Linked Conditions][Not 
applicable][specify] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same 
for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for 
each separately) 
(xxii) 
Merger Event: 
Credit Linked Condition 12: [Applicable][Not 
applicable] (For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, 
same must apply to both)

--- Page 376 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
376 
 
 
[If 
applicable: 
[Merger 
Event 
Redemption 
Date:[specify]] 
 
[Merger Event Redemption Amount: [specify]] 
(xxiii) 
Provisions relating to Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entities: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:] 
 
[Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
16: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable]][Credit 
Linked 
Condition 20 is Applicable] (For Long/Short Credit 
Linked Notes, if not the same for Long Exposure and 
Short Exposure, specify for each separately)  
(xxiv) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
LPN 
Reference Entities: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:] 
 
[Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
18: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable]][Credit 
Linked 
Condition 20 is Applicable] (For Long/Short Credit 
Linked Notes, if not the same for Long Exposure and 
Short Exposure, specify for each separately)  
(xxv) 
Redemption on failure to identify a 
Substitute Reference Obligation: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:]  [Applicable][Not applicable] (For 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately)  
(xxvi) 
Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:]  [Applicable][Not applicable] [Credit 
Linked Condition 20 is Applicable] (For Long/Short 
Credit Linked Notes, if not the same for Long 
Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately)  
(xxvii) Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]:]  [Applicable][Not applicable] [Credit 
Linked Condition 20 is Applicable] (For Long/Short 
Credit Linked Notes, if not the same for Long 
Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately)  
(xxviii) Additional Provisions: 
[The [specify additional provisions] are applicable and 
for such purposes Credit Linked Condition 20 shall 
apply][Not applicable] 
Terms relating to Cash Settlement 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable as Settlement Method or Fallback 
Settlement Method) (For Long/Short Credit 
Linked Notes repeat as necessary if different) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(xxix) 
Valuation Date: 
[Single Valuation Date: [As per Credit Linked 
Condition 13] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: [specify] Business Days; 
and each [specify] Business Days thereafter; Number 
of Valuation Dates: [specify]] 
(xxx) 
Valuation Time: 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 13]

--- Page 377 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
377 
 
 
(xxxi) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(xxxii) Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market][As per Credit Linked 
Condition 13]  
(xxxiii) Quotation Amount: 
[specify][Representative 
Amount][Credit 
Linked 
Conditions apply]  
(xxxiv) Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
[specify] 
(xxxv) Quotation Dealers: 
[Six active dealers (other than one of the parties or any 
Affiliate of the parties) in obligations of the type of the 
Obligation for which Quotations are to be obtained as 
selected by the Calculation Agent] 
(xxxvi) Quotations: 
[Include Accrued Interest][Exclude Accrued Interest] 
(xxxvii) Valuation Method: 
[Market][Highest]  
[Average Market/Highest][Average Highest] 
 
[Blended Market][Blended Highest] 
 
[Average Blended Market][Average Blended Highest] 
 
[As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
Additional terms relating to Auction 
Settlement 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable as Settlement Method or Fallback 
Method) (For Long/Short Credit Linked 
Notes repeat as necessary if different) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
(xxxviii) Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement][Physical Delivery]  
(xxxix) Successor Backstop Date subject to 
adjustment in accordance with 
Business Day Convention: 
[Yes][No] 
(xl) 
Limitation 
Dates 
subject 
to 
adjustment in accordance with 
Business Day Convention: 
[Yes][No] 
Terms relating to Physical Delivery 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable as Settlement Method or Fallback 
Settlement Method but note may be needed 
for Auction elections in which case do not 
delete) 
 
(xli) 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[specify] Business Days][Not applicable][As per 
Physical Settlement Matrix]

--- Page 378 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
378 
 
 
(xlii) 
Accrued Interest on Entitlement: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest][Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest][Not applicable]  
(xliii) 
Settlement Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xliv) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
(a) 
Deliverable Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment] [Borrowed Money] [Reference Obligation 
Only] [Bond] [Loan] [Bond or Loan][As per the 
Physical Settlement Matrix][Not applicable]  
(select one only) 
(b) 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated][Specified Currency: [specify 
currency/Standard 
Specified 
Currency] 
[Not 
Sovereign Lender] [Not Domestic Currency: [specify 
currency]] [Not Domestic Law] [Not Domestic 
Issuance] [Assignable Loan] [Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] [Transferable] [Listed] 
[specify]] [Maximum Maturity: [specify ] years] 
[Accelerated or Matured] [Not Bearer][As per the 
Physical Settlement Matrix] [Not applicable]  
(xlv) 
Asset Package Delivery: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [As per Physical 
Settlement Matrix]  
(xlvi) 
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(a) 
Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable]  
(b) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(c) 
Delivery provisions for 
Entitlement if different 
from General Conditions 
and Credit Linked 
Conditions: 
[specify] [Not applicable]  
(xlvii) 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Fully Transferable Obligation 
Applicable: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(xlviii) Modified Restructuring Limitation 
and Conditionality Transferable 
Obligation Applicable: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(xlix) 
Reference 
Obligation 
Only 
Termination Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(To be specified for the purposes of Credit Linked 
Condition 21 for Reference Obligation Only Notes 
relating to a single Reference Entity issued pursuant 
to Annex 8.)  
(l) 
Qualifying Participation Seller: 
[insert] [Not applicable] 
Terms relating to Zero/Set Recovery Notes

--- Page 379 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
379 
 
 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
(li) 
Set/Zero Recovery Price: 
[Insert percentage in relation to each Reference 
Entity, which may be zero] 
[Terms relating to Tranched Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes] [Terms related to 
Tranched Linear Basket Exposure] 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
(lii) 
H: 
[Insert number of Reference Entities that are equal to 
the higher tranche level]  
(liii) 
L: 
[Insert number of Reference Entities that are equal to 
the lower tranche level] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes where 
the Long Exposure and/or Short Exposure 
references a Tranched Linear Basket 
Exposure, repeat as necessary) 
 
[Terms relating to Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes [Terms related to Tranched 
Index Exposure]: 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
(liv) 
Attachment Point: 
[specify] 
(lv) 
Exhaustion Point: 
[specify]  
(lvi) 
Determination of Aggregate Loss 
Percentage: 
[Zero Recovery][FP Recovery] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes where 
the Long Exposure and/or Short Exposure 
references a Tranched Index Exposure, 
repeat as necessary)

--- Page 380 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
380 
 
 
[Terms relating to Basket Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes] [Terms related to 
Basket Tranched Index Exposure]: 
(Repeat in respect of each Basket Tranched 
Index Component or use Basket Tranched 
Index 
Component 
Numbering 
as 
appropriate) 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
(lvii) 
Basket 
Tranched 
Index 
Components: 
The following Basket Tranched Index Component(s) 
[(k)] (from [k] = 1 to [[k]=[specify]) will apply: 
For [k]=1] Index:[specify] 
 
For [k]=[specify] Index:[specify] 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(See paragraphs 41(i)(d) and (e) above) 
 
(lviii) 
Attachment Point: 
For 
Basket 
Tranched 
Index 
Component 
[k]=1:[specify]  
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=[specify]: 
[specify] 
(lvix) 
Exhaustion Point: 
For 
Basket 
Tranched 
Index 
Component 
[k]=1:[specify]  
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=[specify]: 
[specify] 
(lx) 
Component Weighting: 
For 
Basket 
Tranched 
Index 
Component 
[k]=1:[specify]  
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=[specify]: 
[specify] 
(lxi) 
Determination of Aggregate Loss 
Percentage: 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=[ ][Zero 
Recovery][FP Recovery] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes where 
the Long Exposure and/or Short Exposure 
references 
a 
Basket 
Tranched 
Index 
Exposure, repeat as necessary) 
 
Terms relating to Long/Short Credit Linked 
Notes: 
 
(lxii) 
Long Exposure: 
[specify] [Single Reference Entity Exposure] [First-
to-Default Exposure] [Nth-to-Default Exposure] 
[Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure] [Non-
Tranched Index Exposure] [Tranched Linear Basket 
Exposure] [Tranched Index Exposure] or [Basket 
Tranched Index Exposure]

--- Page 381 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
381 
 
 
(lxiii) 
Short Exposure: 
[specify] [Single Reference Entity Exposure] [First-
to-Default Exposure] [Nth-to-Default Exposure] 
[Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure] [Non-
Tranched Index Exposure] [Tranched Linear Basket 
Exposure] [Tranched Index Exposure] or [Basket 
Tranched Index Exposure]  
(lxiv) 
Long 
Nominal 
Exposure 
Percentage: 
[specify] 
(lxv) 
Short 
Nominal 
Exposure 
Percentage 
[specify] 
(lxvi) 
LLM: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(lxvii) 
SLM: 
[specify] [Not applicable]  
(lxviii) [Determination of Aggregate Loss 
Percentage:] 
[[Zero Recovery][FP Recovery]] (Delete if Long 
Exposure or Short Exposure is neither Tranched 
Index Exposure nor Basket Tranched Index Exposure) 
42. Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
paragraph 
"Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption" 
and 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] 
(ii) 
Subject Currency/Currencies: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] [and EM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions 
apply to such Subject Currency] 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike 
Days in the period if applicable] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph 
[specify] above][see table below] 
(v) 
[Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)][Redemption 
Valuation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table above] 
 
(vii) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Provisions do not apply to a 
Settlement Currency: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies 
to which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject 
Currency, complete as relevant for each such Subject 
Currency)

--- Page 382 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
382 
 
 
(a) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
Not applicable] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
Non-EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions 
apply to more than one such Subject Currency and 
different Disruption Events (or components thereof) 
also apply thereto) 
(e) 
[Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption:]  
[specify][five][Scheduled 
Trading 
Days][Not 
applicable] 
(viii) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies 
to which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]][Not applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject 
Currency, complete as relevant for each such Subject 
Currency) 
(a) 
Provisions applicable to 
determining the Settlement 
Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 7 
[and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where 
more than one Subject Currency]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: 
[specify] 
(b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where:

--- Page 383 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
383 
 
 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] 
per cent.  
EM 
Primary 
Rate: 
[specify][The 
rate 
determined as set out in the definition of 
Settlement Price] 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First 
Fallback Reference Price [and]][EM Second 
Fallback Reference Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to 
more than one such Subject Currency and different 
EM Disruption Events (or components thereof) also 
apply thereto) 
(c) 
EM Disruption Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: 
[specify] 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to 
more than one such Subject Currency and different 
EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) 
also apply thereto) 
(d) 
EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to 
more than one such Subject Currency and different 
EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) 
also apply thereto) 
(e) 
EM Cumulative Events: 
[Not applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to 
more than one such Subject Currency and different 
EM Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) 
also apply thereto) 
(f) 
EM Number of Settlement 
Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement 
Day Centre(s) means [specify]]

--- Page 384 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
384 
 
 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement Settlement 
Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][EM Settlement 
Days] [specify] 
(ix) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
 
[Not applicable] [As per the Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Conditions] [The following Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[[Hedging Disruption][Increased Cost of Hedging]  
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(insert where Change in Law does not apply) 
(x) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
the 
Occurrence of a Disruption Event: 
 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
43. Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Note Provisions shall 
apply for the purpose of determining the Reference 
Item Rate on the basis of elections in this paragraph.] 
(If more than one Reference Rate is to be determined, 
include the following language: "Reference Rate 
[specify] is as follows:" and repeat items (i) to (vi) 
below for each such Reference Item Rate) 
(i) 
Screen-Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Item Rate:  
[specify period][month][year][LIBOR][EURIBOR] 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [CMS Rate with a 
Designated Maturity of [insert years]][specify 
Government Bond Yield Rate][specify TEC Rate][ 
with a Designated Maturity of [insert years]] 
(b) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify]  
(e.g. Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or 
euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR and the second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR). Where 
the Rate of Interest is being used other than for a 
Floating Rate Note, ensure that this is not specified in 
respect of an Interest Period and the relevant Range 
Accrual Day may be specified where relevant for 
Range Accrual Notes) 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify]

--- Page 385 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
385 
 
 
(which will be 11:00 am, London time, in the case of 
LIBOR, or 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(In the case of EURIBOR if not Reuters EURIBOR01) 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option:  
[specify] 
(c) 
Designated Maturity:  
[specify] 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate 1 minus Reference Item Rate 2 
[Not applicable]  
[See paragraph [specify][above][below] 
(iv) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable]  
(v) 
Range Accrual Cut-Off Date: 
[specify][See paragraph [specify][above][below] 
(vi) 
Business Days: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of 
determining the Reference Item Rate only, "Business 
Day" means [a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
[specify] [A Target Settlement Day][Reference Rate 
Business Day (as defined in General Condition 
4(b)(iv)(2)] [a "U.S. Government Notes Business 
Day", being any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (SIFMA) recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for the purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities.) 
[Not applicable] 
44. EUA Contract Linked Redemption 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
EUA 
Contract/EUA 
Contracts/Basket 
of 
EUA 
Contracts 
[specify EUA Contract/EUA Contracts][The [futures] 
contract specified in item (viii) below)] 
[Relevant Registry: [specify]]  
(ii) 
Pricing Date(s) 
[specify][Not applicable]

--- Page 386 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
386 
 
 
(iii) 
Initial Pricing Date 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Final Pricing Date 
[specify][Not applicable] 
           (v) 
   Redemption Valuation Date 
[specify][Not applicable] 
           (vi)             Trade Date 
[specify] 
(vii) 
EUA Contract Reference Price 
[specify] [For example: 
For any Pricing Date, that day's Specified Price on the 
[insert] of the EUA Contract][for the Delivery Date], 
[stated in [currency]][per][specify] quantity and 
commodity][, as made public by][specify] on that 
Pricing Date] 
[The Price Source is/are []]25 
(ix) 
EUA Contract Business Day 
[EUA 
Contract 
Linked 
Condition 
[1] 
applies][specify] 
(x) 
Delivery Date 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xvi) 
Nearby Month  
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Specified Price 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Exchange 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xiv) 
Valuation Time 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the 
relevant time on [insert relevant date(s)].]/[specify] 
(xv) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption 
[specify] [[specify] EUA Contract Business Days]26 
/[As per Conditions] 
(xvi) 
Weighting 
[The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket of EUA Contracts is [specify]]/[Not 
applicable] 
(xvii) 
Rolling Futures Contract Notes 
[Yes/No] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Dislocation Event: [Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
Dislocation Level: [specify]/[As per Conditions]] 
(xviii) 
Futures Rollover [Date/Period] 
[specify][Not applicable] 
45. Combination Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(Applicable in relation to Reference Item Securities 
linked to a combination of types of Reference Items) 
(If applicable, complete relevant prompts from 
Paragraphs 36 to 44 above) 
                                                          
25 Delete if using automated EUA Contract Reference Prices 
26 [Only applicable in respect of EUA contract linked notes linked to a single EUA contract]

--- Page 387 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
387 
 
 
46. Provisions applicable to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Instalment Amounts: 
[specify] [per Calculation Amount] 
[(a) Calculation Amount * Instalment Factor * 
Instalment Payout] 
(b) [Instalment Payout: Insert relevant redemption 
formula from payout annex] 
(c) [Instalment Factor: means [specify]] 
[The Credit Linked Conditions are [not] applicable to 
the [first, second, etc] Instalment Amount(s)][Note: 
include where the Securities are Credit Linked 
Instalment Securities but where the Instalment 
Amounts are not subject to the Credit Linked 
provisions] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Instalment Dates: 
[specify] 
47. Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery: 
[Applicable][in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions and paragraph 41 above] [where the Issuer 
has exercised its option to vary settlement pursuant to 
the application of Variation of Settlement per 
paragraph 49 below][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable or the Notes are Credit Linked Notes 
to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Entitlement Amount: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
definitions from Payout Condition 4][A nominal 
amount of the Relevant Asset equal to [specify]] [An 
amount per Calculation Amount equal to [specify]] 
(ii) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[specify] 
(for bonds, include the following as applicable:) 
[ISIN: [specify]] 
[Issuer: [specify]] 
[Maturity: [specify]] 
[Coupon: [specify]] 
(iii) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable:[specify]][Standard Unwind Costs][Not 
applicable] 
(iv) 
Cut-off Date: 
[specify][As specified in General Condition 5(b)]

--- Page 388 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
388 
 
 
(v) 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Banco 
Bilbao 
Vizcaya 
Argentaria, 
S.A.][Dealer][specify] of [specify address] 
(vii) 
Assessed Value Payment Amount: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
48. Provisions applicable to Partly Paid Notes: 
[Applicable in accordance with General Condition 
6(g)][Not applicable] 
[(The Notes will be subscribed at the Part Payment 
Amount(s) and on the Part Payment Date(s) specified 
in paragraph 4 above to the account specified to the 
Noteholders for such purpose by the Paying Agent on 
behalf of the Issuer. Noteholders shall make available 
to the Paying Agent the funds [five] Business Days 
prior to the dates specified in paragraph 4 above.)] 
(Applicable in relation to Partly Paid Notes) 
49. Variation of Settlement: 
The Issuer [has][does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes as set out in General 
Condition 5(b)(ii) [The minimum period of notice is 
[specify]][and][the maximum period of notice is 
[specify]] 
50. Payment Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
51. Form of Notes: 
[Book-Entry Notes: [Uncertificated, dematerialised 
book-entry form notes (anotaciones en cuenta) 
registered with Iberclear(Plaza de la Lealtad, 1, 28014 
Madrid)][other] [as managing entity of the Central 
Registry][other registry]][other]. 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable 
for definitive Bearer Notes [on 60 days' notice given 
at any time/only upon an Exchange Event 
[including/excluding] the exchange event described in 
paragraph (iii) of the definition in the Permanent 
Global Note]]27 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]28 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only 
upon 
an 
Exchange 
Event 
[including/excluding] the exchange event described in 
                                                          
27  
In relation to any Tranche of Notes which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples of 
EUR 1,000 the Global Note will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder. 
28  
In relation to any Tranche of Notes which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples of 
EUR 1,000 the Global Note will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder.

--- Page 389 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
389 
 
 
paragraph (iii) of the definition in the Permanent 
Global Note]]]29 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Regulation S Global Note [specify nominal amount] 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/ a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/ a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS))]][Registered Global 
Note [specify nominal amount] registered in the name 
of a nominee for [DTC/ a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure (NSS))][Rule 
144A Global Note [specify nominal amount] 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC/ a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/ a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping 
Structure 
(NSS)))][Definitive 
IAI 
Registered 
Notes 
[specify 
nominal 
amounts]][Registered Notes in definitive form 
[specify nominal amounts]]]] 
[CREST Depository Instruments: 
CREST Depository Interests ("CREST Depository 
Interests") representing the Notes may also be issued 
in accordance with the usual procedures of Euroclear 
UK & Ireland Limited ("CREST").] 
52. New Global Note:30 
[Yes][No] (Note that Book-Entry Notes are not New 
Global Notes) 
53. (i) Financial Centre(s): 
[Not applicable][give details] 
(ii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not applicable] [specify](Note that this paragraph 
relates to the place of payment and not interest period 
end dates. All relevant Financial Centre(s) (including 
the location of the relevant agent(s)) should be 
included other than Target) 
54. Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes as the Notes have more than 27 Coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 Coupons are still to 
be made][No]   
55. Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not applicable][The provisions in General Condition 
8 apply] 
[Only applicable for Notes denominated in European 
currency except for Euro] 
56. Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
                                                          
29  
In relation to any Tranche of Notes which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples of 
EUR 1,000 the Global Note will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder. 
30 
You should only elect "yes" opposite "New Global Note" if you have elected "yes" to the section in Part B under the heading 
"Operational Information" entitled "Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility".

--- Page 390 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
390 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, [Not applicable] should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified) 
57. Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, [Not applicable] should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
58. Sales outside EEA and UK only: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms and declare 
that the information contained in these Final Terms is, to the best of their knowledge, in accordance with the facts 
and contains no omission likely to affect its import. [Insert relevant third party information] has been extracted 
from [specify source]. The Issuer and the Guarantor confirm that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: ________________________  
By: ________________________  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 391 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
391 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [AIAF] [specify other Spanish 
regulated market or MTF] [with effect from 
[specify]].] 
(insert specific language required by Stock Exchange/ 
Listing Authority/MTF)  
 
(Indicate in the case of a fungible issue that original 
Notes are already admitted to trading unless the 
minimum denomination of the Notes is €100,000 or 
more (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as at 
the date of issue) and the Notes are Derivative Notes 
Estimated of total expense related to 
admission of trading: 
[specify] 
(Delete if the minimum denomination is less 
than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue) or if the 
Notes are Derivative Notes) 
 
2 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes have not been rated.] 
 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been][are expected to 
be]] rated:] 
 
[S&P Global:*[specify]] 
 
[Moody's:*[specify]] 
 
[Other*]: [specify] 
(Please include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the above ratings if this has previously been published 
by the relevant rating provider – this explanation is 
not required in the case of Notes with a denomination 
of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the relevant 
currency as at the date of issue) or where the Notes 
are not derivative Notes for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation). 
(Delete the rest of this paragraph 2 unless 
the Notes are to be listed on a regulated 
market) 
[[Inserting rating agency] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). [As such [[Insert 
rating agency] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with 
such Regulation.]] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and is not registered in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
[Insert the legal name of relevant non-EU credit

--- Page 392 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
392 
 
 
rating agency entity] is therefore not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert legal name of relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency entity] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
"CRA Regulation"). The ratings have been endorsed 
by [insert the legal name of the relevant EU-
registered credit rating agency entity] in accordance 
with CRA Regulation. [Insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU-registered credit rating agency entity] is 
established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. [As such [insert the legal 
name of the relevant EU-registered credit rating 
agency entity] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation.] The European Securities 
Markets Authority has indicated that ratings issued in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico 
(delete 
as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency 
entity that applied for registration] may be used in the 
EU by the relevant market participants.] 
 
[[Insert legal name of relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency entity] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
"CRA Regulation"), but it [[is]/[has applied to be]] 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
[[[EITHER:] and it is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation] 
[[OR:] 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding 
certification 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union 
and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity] is not included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with such Regulation].]

--- Page 393 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
393 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "CRA Regulation"). However, the application 
for registration under the CRA Regulation of [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency 
entity that applied for registration], which is 
established in the European Union, disclosed the 
intention to endorse credit ratings of [insert the legal 
name of the relevant non-EU credit rating agency 
entity][, although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority and 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating 
agency entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation].] The European Securities 
Markets Authority has indicated that ratings issued in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico 
(delete 
as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency 
entity that applied for registration] may be used in the 
EU by the relevant market participants.]]31] 
3 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
(Description of any interest, including conflicting interest, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. This may be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement:)  
(i) Save for any fee paid to the Dealer (if applicable, such fee shall be as set out in paragraph 4 below) 
[and/or any fee or other inducement paid to the distributor (if any)], so far as the Issuer is aware no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. [For specific and detailed 
information on the nature and quantity of the fee or inducement paid to the distributor (if any) the 
investor should contact the distributor.]  
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
(ii) Dealer commission [Specify]//[Not applicable] 
4 
[Reasons for the Offer, ]32Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses33 
(i) 
[Reasons for the Offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus] 
[Green 
Projects][Social 
Projects][Sustainability 
Projects] [specify] ]34 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[specify] (If proceeds are intended for more than one 
use will need to split out and present in order of 
                                                          
31  
Repeat for each credit rating. 
32  
Delete in case the Reason for the Offer are not to be "green", "social" or "sustainability" purposes. 
33  
Delete this section for Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or higher (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as at the date of 
issue) and which are not derivative Notes. 
34            Delete as appropriate.

--- Page 394 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
394 
 
 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed 
uses state amount and sources of other funding.) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[specify] (Include breakdown of expenses into each 
principal intended "use", presented in order of 
priority of such "uses") 
5 
Yield35 
Indication of yield: 
[specify] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.][The yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date by [insert method of yield calculation] on the 
basis of [insert yield calculation hypothesis]] It is not 
an indication of future yield. 
6 
Historic Rates of Interest - Floating Rate Notes Only36 
Details of historic [LIBOR][EURIBOR][SONIA][SOFR][€STR] [specify CMS Rate] rates can be 
obtained from [Reuters and/or Bloomberg]/[specify source] 
7 
[Performance of [Index]37[Share][Inflation][Foreign Exchange Rate][ETF][Fund][Reference 
Entity/Entities][Formula][Reference Item Rate][EUA Contract], Explanation of Effect on 
Value of Investment and Other Information concerning the Underlying ]38  
(Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
index/formula//rates/reference entity/exchange traded fund/fund/other variable can be obtained by 
electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge and a clear and comprehensive 
explanation on how the value of the investment is affected by the underlying and the circumstances 
where the risk is most evident.) 
[Where the underlying is an index, include the name of the index and details of where the information 
about the index can be obtained.] 
[Where the underlying is a Note, include the name of the issuer of the Note and the ISIN or equivalent 
identification number.] 
[Where the underlying is a basket of underlying, include the relevant weightings of each underlying 
in the basket.] 
[Where the underlying is a Reference Entity or a Reference Obligation, include the name of the 
Reference Entity, its address, country of incorporation, industry or industries in which the Reference 
Entity (or the issuer of the Reference Obligation) operates and the name of the market in which its 
Notes are admitted.39 
[Where the underlying is none of the above, include details of where the information about such 
underlying can be obtained.] 
                                                          
35  
Delete this section in the case of Notes which are derivative Notes for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
36  
Delete this section in the case of Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as at 
the date of issue). 
37  
The indices will only be indices where the administrator of the Index is included in the ESMA register. 
38  
Required for derivative Notes. 
39  
Include when the Reference Entity or the Issuer of the Reference Obligation has Notes already admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market and the Credit Linked Note comprises of a single Reference Entity 
or Obligation or in case of a pool of Reference Entities or Obligation in which the Reference Entity or the Reference Obligation 
represents a 20 per cent. or more of the pool.

--- Page 395 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
395 
 
 
(Need to include a description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events that affect the 
underlying and any adjustment rules in relation to events concerning the underlying (if applicable).) 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information] 
[Include where the Notes reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse or recommend any 
products or services offered by the Issuer.] 
8 
Operational Information 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
CUSIP: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Other Code(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(a) 
[Valoren Code: 
[specify][Not applicable]] 
(b) 
[CFI:40 
[specify][Not applicable]] 
(c) 
[FISN: 
[specify][Not applicable]] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Iberclear, Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
DTC 
approved by the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not applicable][give name(s)][The Notes will also be 
eligible for CREST via the issue of CREST 
Depository Interests representing the Notes] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
[Delivery [against][free of] payment] [Not applicable]  
(vii) 
Additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as Common Safekeeper [, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as Common Safekeeper,] [include this 
text for registered Notes] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
[No.][Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee 
of 
one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
                                                          
40  
Only to be included if required by the relevant stock exchange for reference data reporting purposes.

--- Page 396 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
396 
 
 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered Notes]. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]] 
 
(NB if "yes" selected the bearer Notes must be issued 
in NGS form) 
9 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
9.1 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated] 
(if 
non-syndicated 
delete paragraph 9.2] 
9.2 
(i) If syndicated, names [and addresses] of 
Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments/quotas (material features): 
[Not applicable][give names [and addresses] of each 
entity acting as underwriter [and its respective 
underwriting commitments]] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers. Where not all of the issue is underwritten, 
please include information about portion not covered) 
(ii) Date/Description 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[insert details][Not applicable] 
(iii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
(iv) [Total (underwriting and placing) 
commission]41 
[Not applicable][give name] 
[specify] [[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount] 
9.3 
If non-syndicated, name [and address] of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not applicable][give name [and address]] 
[The Issuer reserves the right to appoint other 
distributors during the Offer Period, which will be 
communicated to investors by means of a notice 
published as specified in paragraph [specify].]  
[No underwriting commitment is undertaken by the 
Distributor.] 
9.4 
U.S. Selling Restrictions42: 
[The Notes are only for offer and sale outside the 
United States in offshore transactions to persons that 
are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act and may not be offered, sold, 
transferred, pledged, delivered, redeemed, directly or 
indirectly, at any time within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, or by, any U.S. person. 
 
Each initial purchaser of the Notes and each 
subsequent purchaser or transferee of the Notes shall 
                                                          
41  
Delete this section in the case of Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as at 
the date of issue).  
42  
In no event Notes to be offered or sold in the United States will be Book-Entry Notes.

--- Page 397 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
397 
 
 
be deemed to have agreed with the issuer or the seller 
of such Notes that (i) it will not at any time offer, sell, 
resell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Notes so 
purchased in the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, any U.S. person or to others for offer, 
sale, resale or delivery, directly or indirectly, in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
any U.S. person and (ii) it is not purchasing any Notes 
for the account or benefit of any U.S. person.] 
 
(include the preceding two paragraphs for issuance of 
Bearer Notes pursuant to Regulation S) 
 
[No Notes may be offered, sold, pledged, or otherwise 
transferred except (i) to the Issuer or any subsidiary 
thereof, (ii) pursuant to a registration statement that 
has become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act"), (iii) to a 
"Qualified Institutional Buyer" (within the meaning of 
Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) 
in compliance with Rule 144A, who is also a 
"qualified purchaser" within the meaning of Section 
2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment Company 
Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act") and the 
rules and regulations thereunder ("QP"), (iv) to a 
person that is not a U.S. person in an offshore 
transaction complying with the requirements of Rule 
903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act or (v) pursuant to an exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act (if available).] 
 
(include the preceding paragraph for issuance of 
Registered Global Notes pursuant to Rule 144A) 
 
Reg. 
S 
Compliance 
Category 
[2]; 
[TEFRA 
D][TEFRA C][TEFRA not applicable] (NB: Notes 
which will be represented by CREST Depository 
Interests to be TEFRA C) 
[The Notes are Specified Notes (within the meaning 
of Section 6045(g)(3)(B) of the United States Code] 
(Include where necessary for the purposes of the 
HIRE Act)43 
9.5 
U.S. "Original Issue Discount" Legend: 
[Not applicable] [FOR PURPOSES OF ORIGINAL 
ISSUE DISCOUNT RULES UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, 
THIS NOTE HAS ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT 
OF 
[currency][amount] 
PER 
EACH 
[currency][amount] OF NOMINAL AMOUNT OF 
THIS NOTE; THE ISSUE PRICE OF THIS NOTE IS 
[currency][amount]; THE ISSUE DATE IS [date]; 
AND 
THE 
YIELD 
TO 
MATURITY 
(COMPOUNDED [semi-annually]) IS [yield].] 
 
(include the preceding legend if the Notes are to be 
issued pursuant to Rule 144A and are issued with an 
                                                          
43  
To be considered if necessary. Might become necessary if there is an equity linked note issued that references a U.S. equity.

--- Page 398 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
398 
 
 
"original issue discount" for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes). 
9.6 
Non-Exempt Offer  
[Applicable] [Not applicable](if not applicable, delete 
the remaining placeholders of this paragraph 9.6 and 
also paragraph 10 below). 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction: 
[specify Relevant EEA Member State(s) where the 
Issuer intends to make Non-exempt Offers (where the 
Base 
Prospectus 
lists 
the 
Non-exempt 
Offer 
Jurisdictions, select from that list), which must 
therefore be jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus 
and any supplements have been passported (in 
addition to the jurisdiction where approved and 
published)] 
[May include relevant tax information for Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction here] 
9.7 
Offer Period: 
[specify date] until [specify date or a formula such as 
"the Issue Date" or "the date which falls [specify] 
Business Days thereafter"] 
9.8 
Financial intermediaries granted specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the Conditions in it: 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries/ Authorised Offeror receiving consent 
(specific consent)] 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a 
non- exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such 
offer should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until 
those requirements have been met. Non-exempt offers 
may only be made into jurisdictions in which the Base 
Prospectus (and any supplement) has been notified / 
passported.) 
 
[The Issuer reserves the right to appoint other 
distributors during the Offer Period, which will be 
communicated to investors by means of a notice 
published as specified in paragraph [specify].]  
[No underwriting commitment is undertaken by the 
Distributor.] 
10 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer44 
 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [specify] (If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) [The Notes will be offered to the public in each Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions in 
accordance with the arrangements listed below.] 
10.1 
Offer Price: 
[Not applicable][See 10.11 below][give details] 
10.2 
[Conditions to which the offer is 
subject:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
 
[Offers of the Notes are conditional on their issue and 
are subject to such conditions as are set out in the 
[Distribution Agreement], As between Dealers and 
their customers (including Authorised Offerors) or 
                                                          
44  
Delete where no public offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation is intended

--- Page 399 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
399 
 
 
between Authorised Offerors and their customers 
offers of the Notes are further subject to such 
conditions as may be agreed between them and/or as 
is specified in any arrangements in place between 
them.] 
10.3 
[Description of the application 
process]: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.4 
[Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application]: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.5 
[Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.6 
[Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the Notes:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
(NB: Under normal circumstances, on the Issue Date, 
allocated Notes will he made available to the 
Dealer(s)/Authorised Offerors in such account as may 
be held by them directly or indirectly at Euroclear or 
Clearstream. Luxembourg.) 
10.7 
[Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
(If applicable (i) specify dale on which the final size 
of the issue will be made public and (ii) insert specific 
details in respect of the method of publication 
(including, 
where 
relevant, 
details 
of 
any 
advertisements to be published).) 
10.8 
[Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercise:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.9 
[Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.10 
Indication of the expected price at 
which the Notes will be offered or 
the method of determining the price 
and the process for its disclosure: 
[Not applicable] [The Issuer had offered and will sell 
the Notes to the Dealer(s) (and no one else) at the 
Issue Price of [specify] [less a total commission of 
[specify]]. The Dealer(s) and Authorised Offerors will 
offer and sell the Notes to their customers in 
accordance with the arrangements in place between 
each such Dealer and its customers (including the 
Authorised Offerors) or each such Authorised Offeror 
and its customers by reference to the Issue Price and 
the market conditions prevailing at the time.] 
10.11 
[Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applications of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is 
made:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
[Prospective Noteholders will be notified by the 
relevant Dealer(s) and Authorised Offeror in 
accordance with the arrangements in place between 
such Dealer(s) or Authorised Offeror and its 
customers. Any dealing in the Notes, which take place 
will be at the risk of the prospective Noteholders.]

--- Page 400 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
400 
 
 
10.12 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber or purchaser:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.13 
[Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place.] 
[The Authorised Offerors are identified in 9.6 above 
and 
identifiable 
from 
the 
Base 
Prospectus]/[None]/[give details]. 
10.14 
Name and address of the entities 
which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through 
bid and offer rates and description 
of 
the 
main 
terms 
of 
their 
commitment: 
[Specify][Not applicable] 
11 
[EU Benchmarks Regulation 
 
[[Include if applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to [specify 
benchmark], which is provided by [administrator legal name]] [repeat as necessary]. As at the date of 
these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] [does/do] appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.]]45  
12 
[Index/Other Disclaimer46 
 
[The Notes are not sponsored, recommended, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index or the Index 
Sponsor. The Index Sponsor does not make any representations, whether express or implied, regarding 
the results to be obtained from using their Index or the level at which an Index may stand at any 
particular time or any particular date or otherwise, nor its suitability. Further, the Index Sponsor will 
not have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) for any inaccuracy in the data on which 
the Index is based, for any mistakes, errors, or omissions in the calculation and/or dissemination of 
the Index, or for the manner in which it is applied in the Notes or the offering thereof. The Issuer shall 
not have any liability for any act of failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the 
calculation adjustment or maintenance of the Index. None of the Issuer or its affiliates has any 
affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, 
composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information 
concerning the Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently 
verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) 
is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the 
accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning the Index.] 
(Insert unless the relevant Index has a bespoke disclaimer, in which case, substitute for such bespoke 
disclaimer)  
[IHS Markit Index Disclaimer 
The Index Annex which is specified in these Final Terms in relation to the Notes (for the purposes of 
this disclaimer only, a "Credit Index"), is the property of Markit Indices Limited (the "Index 
Sponsor") and has been licensed for use in connection with the Notes. Each of the Noteholders 
acknowledges and agrees that the Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, or promoted by the Index 
Sponsor. The Index Sponsor makes no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, and 
hereby expressly disclaims all warranties (including, without limitation, those of the merchantability 
or fitness for a particular purpose or use), with respect to the Credit Index or any data included therein 
or relating thereto, and in particular disclaims any warranty either as to the quality, accuracy and/or 
completeness of the Credit Index or any data included therein, the results obtained from the use of the 
                                                          
45  
Delete this section 11 if Benchmark Regulation is not applicable  
46  
Delete this section 12 if not required

--- Page 401 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
 
 
 
 
401 
 
 
Credit Index and/or the composition of the Credit Index at any particular time on any particular date 
or otherwise and/or the creditworthiness of any entity, or the likelihood of the occurrence of a credit 
event or similar event (however defined) with respect to an obligation, in the Credit Index at any 
particular time on any particular date or otherwise. The Index Sponsor shall not be liable (whether in 
negligence or otherwise) to the parties or any other person for any error in the Credit Index, and the 
Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise the parties or any person of any error therein. The 
Index Sponsor makes no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability 
of purchasing or selling the Notes, the ability of the Credit Index to track relevant markets' 
performances, or otherwise relating to the Credit Index or any transaction or product with respect 
thereto, or of assuming any risks in connection therewith. The Index Sponsor has no obligation to take 
the needs of any party into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Credit Index. 
No party purchasing or selling the Notes, nor the Index Sponsor shall have any liability to any party 
for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the determination, adjustment, 
calculation or maintenance of the Credit Index. "iTraxx®", "Markit iTraxx® Europe" and any other 
Index using the title "Markit iTraxx® Europe" are service marks of Markit Indices Limited and have 
been licensed for use by the Issuer.] 
[The Issuer is only offering to and selling to the Dealer(s) pursuant to and in accordance with the terms 
of the Programme Agreement]. All sales to persons other than the Dealer(s) will be made by the 
Dealer(s) or persons to whom they sell, and/or otherwise make arrangements with, including the 
Financial Intermediaries. The Issuer shall not be liable for any offers, sales or purchase of Notes by 
the Dealer(s) or Financial Intermediaries in accordance with the arrangements in place between any 
such Dealer or any such Financial Intermediary and its customers.] 
[The Arranger has acknowledged and agreed, and any Financial Intermediary will be required by the 
Arranger to acknowledge and agree, that for the purpose of offer(s) of the Notes, the Issuer has 
passported the Base Prospectus in each of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions and will not passport 
the Base Prospectus into any other Relevant State; accordingly, the Notes may only be publicly offered 
in Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions or offered to Qualified Investors (as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) in any other Relevant State and that all offers of Notes by it will be made only in 
accordance with the selling restrictions set forth in the Prospectus and the provisions of these Final 
Terms and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.]47. 
[Financial intermediaries seeking to rely on the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms to resell or place 
Notes as permitted by article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation must obtain prior written consent from 
the Issuer and the Guarantor; nothing herein is to be understood as a waiver of such requirement for 
prior written consent.]48  
 
 
                                                          
47  
Delete unless for a public offer 
48  
Delete in respect of Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency)

--- Page 402 ---
SUMMARY OF NOTES 
 
 
 
 
402 
 
 
SUMMARY OF NOTES 
[Insert completed summary for the Notes, unless minimum denomination is equal to or greater than €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency)]

--- Page 403 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
 
 
403 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be deposited with the Guarantor. 
The net proceeds from each issue will be used for loans and/or investments extended to, or made in, other 
companies and entities belonging to the Group (for this purpose, as defined in section 3:2 of the Dutch Financial 
Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) ("FMSA"). 
In addition, where the "Reasons for the Offer" in paragraph 4 of Part B of the applicable Final Terms are stated to 
be for "green", "social" or "sustainability" purposes, as described in this "Use of Proceeds" section the net proceeds 
from each such issue of Sustainable Notes will be used as so described. If specified otherwise in the applicable 
Final Terms, the net proceeds from the issue of the relevant Notes will be used as so specified.  
Sustainable Notes issued under the Programme may be subject to the Guarantor's Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs) Bond Framework (April 2018) published on its website (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/04/BBVA-SDGs-Bond-Framework_24042018_Eng.pdf) 
(including 
as 
amended, 
supplemented, restated or otherwise updated on such website from time to time, the "SDGs Bond Framework")) 
(the "SDG Notes"). 
For any Sustainable Notes, an amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Sustainable Notes will be 
separately identified and applied by the Guarantor in financing or refinancing on a portfolio basis Green Projects 
and/or Social Projects (each as defined below and further described in the SDGs Bond Framework) (together, the 
"Sustainability Projects"), including the financing of new or future Sustainability Projects, and the refinancing 
of existing and on-going Sustainability Projects where originally financed within three years of the issue of the 
relevant Notes, all in accordance with the SDGs Bond Framework. In the case of Green Notes, such financing or 
refinancing shall be of Green Projects, in the case of Social Notes, such financing or refinancing shall be of Social 
Projects and, in the case of Sustainability Notes, such financing or refinancing shall be of Green Projects and 
Social Projects.  
"Green Projects" are projects where at least 80 per cent. of (i) the principal amount financed is for the financing 
of activities falling or (ii) the business of the borrower in respect of the relevant project falls, under the "green 
eligible categories" described in the SDGs Bond Framework of energy efficiency, sustainable transport, water, 
waste management and/or renewable energy, each as further described in the SDGs Bond Framework, and, at any 
time, include any other "green" projects in accordance with any update of the ICMA Green Bond Principles at 
such time.  
The "ICMA Green Bond Principles", at any time, are the Green Bond Principles published by the International 
Capital Markets Association at such time, which as of the date of this Base Prospectus are the Green Bond 
Principles June 2021 (https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Sustainable-finance/2021-updates/Green-
Bond-Principles-June-2021-140621.pdf). 
"Social Projects" are projects where at least 80 per cent. of (i) the principal amount financed is for the financing 
of activities falling or (ii) the business of the borrower in respect of the relevant project falls, under the "social 
eligible categories" described in the SDGs Bond Framework of healthcare, education, SME financing and 
microfinancing, and/or affordable housing, each as further described in the SDGs Bond Framework, and, at any 
time, include any other "social" projects in accordance with any update of the ICMA Social Bond Principles at 
such time.  
The "ICMA Social Bond Principles", at any time, are the Social Bond Principles published by the International 
Capital Markets Association at such time, which as of the date of this Base Prospectus are the Social Bond 
Principles June 2021 (https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Sustainable-finance/2021-updates/Green-
Bond-Principles-June-2021-140621.pdf).  
The proceeds of any SDG Notes will not be used to finance nuclear power generation, large scale (above 20 
megawatt) dam, defense, mining, carbon related or oil and gas activities.  
Pending the application of any net proceeds of SDG Notes in financing or refinancing the relevant Sustainability 
Projects, such proceeds will be applied by the Guarantor on the same basis as for the management of its liquidity 
portfolio. The Guarantor will endeavor to apply a percentage of the net proceeds of any SDG Notes in financing 
Sustainability Projects originated in the year of issue of such SDG Notes. In the event that any Sustainability 
Project to which the net proceeds of any SDG Notes are allocated, ceases or will cease to comply with the relevant 
categories for such Sustainability Project to constitute a Green Project or a Social Project, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor will substitute that Sustainability Project within the relevant portfolio for a compliant Sustainability 
Project.

--- Page 404 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
 
 
404 
 
 
Annually, the Guarantor will publish a report on its website (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com) in 
respect of that Series of SDG Notes as described in the SDGs Bond Framework. 
The Guarantor has obtained an independent verification assessment from DNV GL Business Assurance Services 
Limited in respect of the SDGs Bond Framework. This independent verification assessment is published on the 
Guarantor's 
website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/BBVA-SDG-
Bond-Framework-Assessment-19th-April-2018.pdf). 
In addition, the Guarantor may request, on an annual basis starting one year after the issue of each Series of SDG 
Notes and until maturity (or until redemption in full), a limited assurance report of the allocation of the net 
proceeds of those SDG Notes to Green Projects and/or Social Projects, as the case may be, which may be provided 
by its external auditor or another suitably qualified provider and published on its website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com).  
Neither the SDGs Bond Framework, nor any of the above reports, verification assessments or contents of any of 
the above websites are incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 405 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
 
 
405 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently in 
effect. The Issuer and the Guarantor take responsibility for the correct extraction and reproduction of the 
information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems, but none of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any Dealer 
takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing 
Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer and the Guarantor that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New 
York Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a "clearing 
corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered 
pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants ("Participants") deposit 
with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and 
pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Participants' accounts, 
thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is owned 
by a number of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the NYSE MKT LLC, Inc. and 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as 
securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants"). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "Rules"), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect to 
Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Notes") as described below and receives and 
transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on file with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Notes 
("Owners") have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and 
receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, although Owners who 
hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered Notes, the Rules, 
by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive 
payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
DTC Note ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participant's records. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are 
expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of 
their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the 
transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the 
books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates 
representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the 
DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the name 
of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the 
name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial 
Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts 
such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain 
responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect 
Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by 
arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to 
time.

--- Page 406 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
 
 
406 
 
 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue 
to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, DTC 
mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede 
& Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Notes are credited on 
the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct 
Participants' accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC's 
records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due date. Payments by Participants 
to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with 
securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name", and will be the 
responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements 
as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, 
disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such 
payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the 
DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their 
proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, will be legended as 
set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any 
Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as described 
below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account holders. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration, 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established 
depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic 
bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with an account holder of either system. For further information on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
relating to the Notes, please see "Taxation". 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its 
custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual beneficial 
interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. 
Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of beneficial interests 
in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, including, in the 
case of a Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer 
of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the 
interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect 
Participants). 
Payments in US dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be 
made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any payment in a 
currency other than US dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee 
and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment 
for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global Note in the currency in which such

--- Page 407 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
 
 
407 
 
 
payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into US dollars and credited to 
the applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not 
receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial owners 
of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for 
the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, 
on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of 
the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take 
physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in 
definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in 
turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in the 
DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange such 
Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee of 
such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a direct or indirect participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one 
hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will 
be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, 
the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian ("Custodian") with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes 
have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC will generally have 
a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). Under Rule 15(c)6-1 of the Exchange Act, trades 
in the U.S. secondary market generally are required to settle in two business days ("T+2") (as such term is used 
for purposes of Rule 15(c) 6-1 of the U.S. Exchange Act), unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree 
otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade Notes prior to delivery of such Notes will be required, by 
virtue of the fact that the Notes initially will not settle in T+2, to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time 
of such trade to prevent a failed settlement and should consult their own adviser. Purchasers of the Notes who 
wish to make such trades should consult their own advisors. The customary arrangements for delivery versus 
payment will apply to such transfers.  
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC participants 
will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link 
between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests 
in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for 
delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee. In the case of 
cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC 
participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery 
basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders of 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to 
perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented

--- Page 408 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
 
 
408 
 
 
by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
interests. 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
Following their delivery into a clearing system, interests in Notes may be delivered, held and settled in Euroclear 
UK & Ireland Limited ("CREST") by means of the creation of dematerialised depository interests ("CREST 
Depository Interests") representing the interests in the relevant Notes ("Underlying Securities"). The CREST 
Depository Interests will be issued by CREST Depository Limited or any successor thereto (the "CREST 
Depository") to holders of the CREST Depository Interests and will be constituted and governed by English law. 
CREST International Nominees Limited or another entity appointed to act as nominee in accordance with the 
CREST Deed Poll (as defined below) (the "CREST Nominee") will hold the legal title to the Underlying 
Securities and the direct enforcement right in respect of the Underlying Securities. 
The CREST Depository Interests will represent indirect interests in the interest of the CREST Nominee in the 
Underlying Securities. Pursuant to the documents setting out the legal relationship of CREST with its users and 
participants (the "CREST Manual"), Notes held in global form by the common depositary may be settled through 
CREST, and the CREST Depository will issue CREST Depository Interests. The CREST Depository Interests 
will be independent Securities which may be held and transferred through CREST. 
Interests in the Underlying Securities will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and the 
CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CREST 
Depository Interests to the relevant CREST participants. 
Each CREST Depository Interest will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were one Underlying Security, 
for the purposes of determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST 
Depository will pass on to holders of CREST Depository Interests any interest or other amounts received by it as 
holder of the Underlying Securities on trust for such holder. Holders of CREST Depository Interests will also be 
able to receive from CREST notices of meetings of holders of Underlying Securities and other relevant notices 
issued by the Issuer. 
Transfers of interests in Underlying Securities by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be affected by cancellation of the CREST Depository Interests and transfer of an 
interest in such Notes underlying the CREST Depository Interests to the account of the relevant participant with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The CREST Depository Interests will have the same International 
Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") as the ISIN of the Underlying Securities and will not require a separate 
listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin or the Official List of the United Kingdom Listing Authority. 
Holders of CREST Depository Interests are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST International Manual (as 
contained in the CREST Manual) which contains the form of the CREST Deed Poll to be entered into by the 
CREST Depository (the "CREST Deed Poll"). The rights of the holder of CREST Depository Interests will be 
governed by the arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuer including 
the CREST Deed Poll executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may be different from those of holders 
of Notes which are not represented by CREST Depository Interests. 
If issued, CREST Depository Interests will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service (the "CREST International Settlement Links Service"). The settlement 
of the CREST Depository Interests by means of the CREST International Settlement Links Service has the 
following consequences for holders of CREST Depository Interests: 
(i)  
holders of CREST Depository Interests will not be the legal owners of the Underlying Securities. The 
CREST Depository Interests are separate legal instruments from the Underlying Securities to which they 
relate and represent an indirect interest in such Underlying Securities; 
(ii)  
the Underlying Securities themselves (as distinct from the CREST Depository Interests representing 
indirect interests in such Underlying Securities) will be held in an account with a custodian. The 
custodian will hold the Underlying Securities through a clearing system. Rights in the Underlying 
Securities will be held through custodial and depositary links through the appropriate clearing systems. 
The legal title to the Underlying Securities or to interests in the Underlying Securities will depend on the 
rules of the clearing system in or through which the Underlying Securities are held; 
(iii)  
rights under the Underlying Securities cannot be enforced by holders of CREST Depository Interests 
except indirectly through the intermediary depositaries and custodians described above. The enforcement 
of rights under the Underlying Securities will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant 
intermediary. The rights of holders of CREST Depository Interests to the Underlying Securities are

--- Page 409 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
 
 
409 
 
 
represented by the entitlements against the CREST Depository which (through the CREST Nominee) 
holds interests in the Underlying Securities. This could result in an elimination or reduction in the 
payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the Underlying Securities in the event of 
any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant intermediary, in particular where the Underlying Securities 
held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities 
held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant intermediaries; 
(iv)  
the CREST Depository Interests issued to holders of CREST Depository Interests will be constituted and 
issued pursuant to the CREST Deed Poll. Holders of CREST Depository Interests will be bound by all 
provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of or prescribed pursuant to, the CREST 
International Manual and the CREST Rules applicable to the CREST International Settlement Links 
Service (in each case as contained in the CREST Manual) and such holders must comply in full with all 
obligations imposed on them by such provisions; 
(v)  
the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and the CREST Manual (including for the avoidance of doubt 
the provisions of the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules) contain indemnities, 
warranties, representations and undertakings to be given by holders of CREST Depository Interests and 
limitations on the liability of the issuer of the CREST Depository Interests, being the CREST Depository; 
(vi)  
holders of CREST Depository Interests may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such 
indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. The 
attention of holders is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll and the CREST Manual (including 
for the avoidance of doubt the provisions of the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules), 
copies of which are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 
(0) 207 849 0000 or from the CREST website at: https://www.euroclear.com/en.html; 
(vii)  
holders of CREST Depository Interests may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the 
CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision 
of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may 
be or become payable in connection with the holding of the Notes through the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service; 
(viii)  
neither the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer nor any Agent will have any responsibility for the 
performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of 
their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations; and 
(ix) 
Notes issued in temporary global form exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global Note will not be 
eligible for CREST settlement as CREST Depository Interests. As such, investors investing in any such 
Underlying Securities through CREST Depository Interests will only receive the CREST Depository 
Interests after such Temporary Bearer Global Note is exchanged for a Permanent Bearer Global Note, 
which could take up to 40 days after the issue of the Notes. 
Iberclear 
Iberclear is the Spanish central securities depositary in charge of both the register of securities held in book-entry 
form to be listed on a Spanish regulated market, and the clearing and settlement of all trades from the Spanish 
Stock Exchange, the Public Debt market, AIAF, certain Spanish MTF, and Latin American stock exchange 
denominated in euros (Latibex). 
Iberclear is owned by the group Bolsas y Mercados Españoles, Sociedad Holding de Mercados y Sistemas 
Finanacieros, S.A. a holding company which holds a 100 per cent. interest in the Spanish regulated markets, Bolsa 
de Madrid, Bolsa de Barcelona, Bolsa de Bilbao, Bolsa de Valencia, AIAF, Senaf, Latibex, Mercado Alternativo 
Bursátil and in the Spanish settlement systems BME Clearing and Iberclear. The clearance and settlement system 
of Iberclear and its members are responsible for maintaining records of purchases and sales under the book-entry 
system. 
Iberclear maintains a registry reflecting the number of securities held by each of its member entities on its own 
behalf as well as the number of securities held on behalf of the third parties. Each member entity, in turn, maintains 
a registry of the owners of such securities. 
On the relevant date for payment of interest amounts in respect of debt securities, Iberclear credits to each 
participant entity an amount corresponding to the balance of the securities appearing in the records of the relevant 
participant entity on the day prior to the relevant payment date.

--- Page 410 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
 
 
410 
 
 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by Book-Entries within Iberclear or a Book-Entry Depositary will 
be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of Iberclear or the relevant clearing 
system, in accordance with the laws of Spain. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Book-Entry Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between and directly or 
indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or Iberclear accountholders will be effected by the 
relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the relevant Registrar, the 
relevant Paying Agent and any custodian (Custodian) with whom the relevant Book-Entry Notes have been 
deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in Iberclear 
will generally have a settlement date two business days after the trade date (T+2). The customary arrangements 
for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or Iberclear will need to 
have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. 
Iberclear have published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in 
Book-Entry Notes between Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and/or Iberclear. However, they are under no 
obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or 
changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any 
performance by Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or Iberclear or their respective direct or indirect participants 
or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and 
none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of 
beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Book-Entry Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 411 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V.   
 
 
 
 
 
411 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V. 
Person Responsible 
The Issuer assumes responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of 
the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information.  
Introduction 
BBVA Global Markets B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid), was incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands on October 29, 2009 for an unlimited duration and 
with the purpose of issuing Notes under the Programme in accordance with the objects clause contained in article 3 of the 
Deed of Incorporation of the Issuer dated October 29, 2009 which reads as follows: 
"The objects for which the Company is established are to raise finance through the issuance of bonds, notes, warrants, 
certificates and other debt instruments, and invest the funds raised in any kind of financial assets. For these purposes, the 
Company may enter into (i) derivative transactions or other hedging agreements, and (ii) other agreements with third parties 
in connection with the above object." 
The Issuer has its seat (zetel) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and its principal place of business at Calle Sauceda, 28, 
Edificio Asia, 28050 Madrid, Spain (tel: +34 913745123). The Issuer is registered in the trade register of the Netherlands 
Chamber of Commerce under number 34363108. The Issuer has its place of effective management and centre of principal 
interests in Spain. The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of the Issuer is 213800L2COK1WB5Q3Z55. 
Business 
The principal business of the Issuer is to raise funds on the capital and money markets to finance the business activities of, 
and enter into other financial agreements with, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries. 
The Issuer serves as a financing company for the purposes of the Group and is regularly engaged in different financing 
transactions within the limits set forth in its deed of incorporation (the "Deed of Incorporation"). The Issuer's objective 
is, among others, to arrange medium and long term financing for the Group and cost saving by grouping these activities. 
Because of its aforementioned purpose, the Issuer does not have any markets in which it competes and, therefore, the Issuer 
cannot make a statement regarding its competitive position in any markets. 
The Issuer is a financing company that is exempt from the licence requirements to operate as a bank pursuant to the 
exemption contained in section 3:2 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) (the 
"FMSA"), as long as: 
(i) 
there is an unconditional guarantee from the Guarantor for the due and punctual payment of all amounts payable 
to the Holders that form part of the "public" (as defined in the FSMA), and the Guarantor's consolidated equity 
capital remains positive throughout the term of the guarantee; and 
(ii) 
at least 95 per cent. of its borrowings consist of loans and/or investments extended to, or made in, other companies 
and entities belonging to the Group (as defined in section 3:2 of the FMSA). 
History  
The Issuer has not previously carried on any business or carried on any activities other than (i) those incidental to its 
registration, the authorisation and issues of Notes contemplated in this Base Prospectus and the other matters described or 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus, (ii) the obtaining of all approvals and the effecting of all registrations and filings 
necessary or desirable for its business activities, and (iii) other securities issues including warrants and other structured 
notes. 
Ownership and Capital Structure 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is €90,000 divided into 900 ordinary shares of €100 each. The total issued and 
paid up share capital amounts to €18,000 consisting of 180 ordinary shares. The Issuer is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary

--- Page 412 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V.   
 
 
 
 
 
412 
 
 
of BBVA and does not have any subsidiaries of its own. BBVA is the holder of 100 per cent. of the voting rights of the 
Issuer and has appointed all of its Managing Directors. 
In addition, BBVA made a €19,000 share premium contribution to the Issuer on November 21, 2011 and a €53,000 share 
premium contribution to the Issuer on December 19, 2012. There are no preferential rights of shares or profit sharing 
certificates. There is no conditional share capital. The entire clause 4 of the Deed of Incorporation regarding the share 
capital reads as follows: 
"The authorised share capital of the Company is ninety thousand euro (EUR 90,000), divided into nine hundred (900) 
Shares, each with a par value of one hundred euro (EUR 100)." 
Financial Statements 
The Issuer has published audited financial statements as at and for the financial years ended December 31, 2021 and 
December 31, 2020 (the "Issuer's Financial Statements"). The Issuer 's Financial Statements were prepared in accordance 
with EU-IFRS and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus (see page 56). Other than as described herein there has been no material change in the capitalisation of the 
Issuer. No dividends have been paid out by the Issuer since its incorporation. 
Income Statement  
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the Issuer's audited Financial Statements of profit or loss 
and other comprehensive income for the period ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
Thousands of euros 
31.12.2021 
 
31.12.2020  
 
—Exchange rate differences .....................................................................................................  
(16) 
(7) 
—Other operating income ........................................................................................................  
405 
327 
—Other operating expenses ......................................................................................................  
(347) 
(333) 
—Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss, net.  
— 
— 
Result of the year before tax ..................................................................................................  
42 
(13) 
—Income tax ............................................................................................................................  
(13) 
3 
Result of the year from continued operations.......................................................................  
29 
(10) 
Comprehensive result of the year ..........................................................................................  
— 
— 
Total comprehensive result of the year .................................................................................  
29 
(10) 
 
 
Statement of Financial Position 
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the Issuer's audited Financial Statements of statement of 
financial position as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020: 
Thousands of euros 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31.12.2021 
31.12.2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASSETS: 
Non-current assets .........................  
 ......  
 ......  
 .......  
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ......  
4,085,446 
3,169,247 
Current assets.................................  
 ......  
 ......  
 .......  
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ......  
484,272 
565,206 
Total assets ....................................  
 ......  
 ......  
 .......  
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ......  
4,568,040 
3,734,453 
LIABILITIES: ..............................  
 ......  
 ......  
 .......  
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ......  
 
 
Non-current liabilities....................  
 ......  
 ......  
 .......  
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ......  
4,085,446 
3,168,922 
Current liabilities ...........................  
 ......  
 ......  
 .......  
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ......  
484,348 
565,314

--- Page 413 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V.   
 
 
 
 
 
413 
 
 
Total liabilities...............................  
 ......  
 ......  
 .......  
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ......  
4,567,794 
3,734,226 
SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY: 
—Issued share capital .....................  
 ......  
 ......  
 .......  
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ......  
90 
90 
—Share premium ............................  
 ......  
 ......  
 .......  
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ......  
250 
250 
—Other reserves .............................  
 ......  
 ......  
 .......  
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ......  
(123) 
(113) 
—Result of the year ........................  
 ......  
 ......  
 .......  
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ......  
29 
(10) 
Total shareholder's equity ...........  
 ......  
 ......  
 .......  
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ......  
246 
217 
Total liabilities and shareholder's 
equity ..........................................  
 ......  
 ......  
 .......  
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ....... 
 ......  
4,568,040 
3,734,453 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has issued securities of the same class as the notes to be issued under the 
Programme which are listed on the following markets: Euronext Dublin, AIAF, Vienna Stock Exchange and Taipei Stock 
Exchange. 
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG Accountants N.V. Laan van Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen, The Netherlands, 
who are Chartered Accountants and members of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke 
Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
The Issuer does not have an audit committee. The audit committee of Guarantor, which is the sole shareholder of the Issuer, 
is fully compliant with Spanish corporate governance standards as is described in sections C.2.1 to C.2.5 of the "Informe 
Anual de Gobierno Corporativo" filed with the CNMV on 15 February 2022 with the audited consolidated and individual 
annual financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Management  
The Board of Directors of the Issuer consists of the following Managing Directors:  
Name 
Position 
at 
BBVA 
Global Markets B.V. 
Present Principal Occupation Outside of BBVA 
Global Markets B.V. 
Marian Coscarón Tomé 
Managing Director 
Head of Global Securities of BBVA 
Christian Højbjerre Mortensen 
Managing Director 
Global Securities Manager of BBVA 
The Managing Directors are employees of BBVA. There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties of the 
directors of the Issuer and their private interests. 
The business address of the Managing Directors is Calle Sauceda, 28, Edificio Asia, 28050 Madrid, Spain. 
The Issuer, as a financial company for the purposes of the Group with no employees, relies on the human resources, systems 
as well as the policies, processes and procedures of BBVA (including, without limitation, compliance, market abuse, risk, 
accounting, and audit committee). 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regime in the Netherlands.

--- Page 414 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V.   
 
 
 
 
 
414 
 
 
Tax Status of the Issuer  
The Issuer has its place of effective management in Spain and is therefore solely tax resident in Spain on the basis of Article 
4(4) of the Convention between the Netherlands and Spain for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with respect to Taxes on 
Income and on Net Wealth in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Legal Proceedings  
There are no, and have not been, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may 
have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 415 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
 
 
 
 
 
415 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
Person Responsible  
The Guarantor assumes responsibility for the information featured under the heading "Description of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A." in this Base Prospectus, as well as for the information of the nature and scope of the Guarantee. To the 
best of the knowledge of the Guarantor, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.     
History and Development of BBVA 
BBVA's predecessor bank, BBV (Banco Bilbao Vizcaya), was incorporated as a public limited company (a "sociedad 
anónima" or S.A.) under the Spanish Corporations Law on October 1, 1988. BBVA was formed following the merger of 
Argentaria into BBV (Banco Bilbao Vizcaya), which was approved by the shareholders of each entity on December 18, 
1999 and registered on January 28, 2000. It conducts its business under the commercial name "BBVA". BBVA is registered 
with the Commercial Registry of Vizcaya (Spain). It has its registered office at Plaza de San Nicolás 4, Bilbao, Spain, 
48005, and operates out of Calle Azul, 4, 28050, Madrid, Spain (Telephone: +34-91-374-6201). BBVA's agent in the U.S. 
for U.S. federal securities law purposes is Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. New York Branch (1345 Avenue of the 
Americas, 44th Floor, New York, New York 10105 (Telephone: +1-212-728-1660)). BBVA is incorporated for an 
unlimited term. The LEI of the Guarantor is K8MS7FD7N5Z2WQ51AZ71. 
Capital Expenditures 
The Group's principal investments are financial investments in its subsidiaries and affiliates. The main capital 
expenditures from 2019 to 2021 and up to the date of filing of this Base Prospectus were the following: 
2022 
Announcement of the agreement with Neon Payments Limited 
On February 14, 2022, BBVA announced the agreement with the company "Neon Payments Limited" ("Neon") for the 
subscription of 492,692 preference shares, representing approximately 21.7 per cent. of its share capital, through a share 
capital increase and in consideration of approximately USD 300 million (equal to approximately €263 million at an 
exchange rate of 1.14 US dollar por Euro as of February 11, 2022).  
Neon, a company incorporated and domiciled in the United Kingdom, is the owner of 100 per cent. of the shares of the 
Brazilian company "Neon Pagamentos S.A.". As of February 14, 2022, BBVA was already the indirect owner of 
approximately 10.2 per cent. of the share capital of the Company (through "Propel Venture Partners Global, S.L." and 
"Propel Venture Partners Brazil, S.L.". BBVA owns more than 99 per cent. of the share capital of these two companies), 
consequently, once the subscription was completed (on February 16, 2022), BBVA holds, direct and indirectly, 
approximately 29.7 per cent. (equivalent to approximately 25.6 per cent. of the share capital on a fully diluted basis) of the 
share capital of Neon. 
2021 
Voluntary takeover bid for the entire share capital of Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş.  
On November 15, 2021, BBVA announced a voluntary takeover bid (VTO) addressed to the holders of the 2,106,300,000 
shares55 of Garanti not controlled by BBVA, representing 50.15 per cent. of Garanti's total share capital. BBVA submitted 
for authorisation an application of the voluntary takeover bid to the Capital Markets Board of Turkey ("CMB") on 
November 18, 2021. 
On March 31, 2022, CMB approved the information memorandum of the offer and in the same day, BBVA announced the 
start of the offer acceptance period on April 4, 2022. 
                                                          
55 All references to "shares" or "share" in this section shall be deemed to be made to lots of 100 shares, which is the trading unit at Borsa Istanbul.

--- Page 416 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
 
 
 
 
 
416 
 
 
On April 25, 2022, BBVA reported the increase in the price offered in cash per Garanti share, from the initially announced 
price (12.20 Turkish Lira) to 15.00 Turkish Lira.  
On May 18, 2022, BBVA announced the end of the offer acceptance period. The consideration paid by BBVA for the 
36.12 per cent. of Garanti´s share capital acquired in the VTO (1,517,195,890 shares) is approximately 22,758 million 
Turkish Lira (equivalent to approximately 1,410 million Euros – using the effective exchange rate of 16.14 Turkish Lira 
per Euro). The transaction has a negative impact on the Common Equity Tier 1 (fully loaded) ratio56  of approximately 23 
basis points. The total accumulated share capital of Garanti owned by BBVA (after VTO) is 85.97 per cent. 
2020 
In 2020, up to the date of filing, there were no significant capital expenditures. 
2019 
In 2019 there were no significant capital expenditures. 
Capital Divestitures 
BBVA Group's principal divestitures are in its subsidiaries and affiliates. The main divestitures from 2019 to 2021 and up 
to the date of filing of this Base Prospectus were the following: 
2022 
In 2022, up to the date of filing, there were no significant capital divestures. 
2021 
Sale of BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc.  
On June 1, 2021, BBVA completed the sale to The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. of 100 per cent. of the capital stock 
of its subsidiary BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc., which in turn owns all the capital stock of the bank, BBVA USA, as well 
as other companies of the BBVA Group in the U.S. with activities related to this banking business.  
The consideration received in cash by BBVA, as a consequence of the referred sale, amounted to approximately 11,500 
million US dollars57 (equivalent to approximately 9,600 million euros at an exchange rate of 1.20 US dollar per Euro). 
The BBVA Group continues to develop the institutional and wholesale business in the U.S. through its broker dealer BBVA 
Securities Inc and its branch in New York. BBVA also maintains its investment activity in the fintech sector through its 
participation in Propel Venture Partners US Fund I, L.P.  
Sale of the BBVA Group's stake in Paraguay 
On January 22, 2021 and after obtaining the relevant regulatory authorisations from the competent authorities, BBVA 
completed the sale of 100 per cent. of the share capital in its subsidiary Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria Paraguay, S.A. 
("BBVA Paraguay") to Banco GNB Paraguay S.A., an affiliate of Grupo Financiero Gilinski. The total amount received 
by BBVA amounted to approximately $250 million (approximately €210 million) in cash. The transaction resulted in a 
loss of approximately €9 million net of taxes and has increased the Group's CET1 (fully loaded) ratio by approximately 6 
basis points in 2021. 
2020 
Agreement for the creation of a joint venture and transfer of the non-life insurance business in Spain 
                                                          
56 The determination of the impact on Common Equity Tier 1 was made taking into consideration the group’s financial statements as of March 31, 2022, 
using the effective exchange rate of 16.14 Turkish Lira per Euro. 
57 Which corresponds to the purchase price provided in the share purchase agreement minus the agreed closing price adjustments

--- Page 417 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
 
 
 
 
 
417 
 
 
On April 27, 2020, BBVA reached an agreement with Allianz, Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. to create a 
bancassurance joint venture in Spain including a long-term exclusive distribution agreement for the sale of non-life 
insurance products, excluding the health insurance business, through BBVA's branch network in Spain.  
On December 14, 2020, after obtaining the relevant regulatory approvals from the competent authorities, BBVA Seguros, 
S.A. de Seguros y Reaseguros ("BBVA Seguros") transferred to Allianz, Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A., 50 per 
cent. of the share capital plus one share in BBVA Allianz Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. ("BBVA Seguros Generales"). 
BBVA Seguros received a cash payment of €274 million. Prior to the closing of the transaction, BBVA transferred its non-
life insurance business in Spain, excluding the health insurance business, to BBVA Seguros Generales. 
Allianz, Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. may need to make an additional payment to BBVA of up to €100 million 
if certain business goals and milestones are met. This transaction resulted in a profit net of taxes of €304 million and 
increased the Group's CET1 (fully loaded) ratio by 7 basis points as of December 31, 2020.  
2019 
In 2019, there were no significant capital divestitures. 
Business Overview 
The BBVA Group is a customer-centric global financial services group founded in 1857. Internationally diversified and 
with strengths in the traditional banking businesses of retail banking, asset management and wholesale banking, the Group 
is committed to offering a compelling digital proposition focused on customer experience. 
For this purpose, the Group is focused on increasingly offering products online and through mobile channels, improving 
the functionality of its digital offerings and refining the customer experience, contributing to the delivery of our strategy 
in a sustainable and inclusive way. BBVA incorporates sustainability considerations as part of its daily activities and in 
everything it does, encompassing not only relations with customers but also internal processes. In 2021, the number of 
digital and mobile customers and the volume of digital sales continued to increase. 
Operating Segments 
During the first quarter of 2021, the BBVA Group changed the reporting structure of the BBVA Group's operating segments 
compared with that presented in its 2020 Form 20-F, mainly as a consequence of the elimination of the United States 
operating segment as a result of the USA Sale, which was completed on June 1, 2021 (see "Presentation of Financial 
Information―Sale of BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc.") of Form 20-F. In addition, the Group created a new segment called 
"Rest of Business" which includes the business previously included in the "Rest of Eurasia" segment (which was 
eliminated) and the BBVA Group's remaining business in the United States (which was excluded from the scope of the 
USA Sale), except for the Group's stake in the venture capital fund Propel Venture Partners (which was reallocated to our 
Corporate Center). For additional information on its current segments, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
In order to make the information as of and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 comparable with the 
information as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021, as required by IFRS 8 "Information by business segments", 
figures as of and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 were recast in conformity with the new operating 
segment reporting structure. 
 
Set forth below are the Group's current five operating segments: 
 
Spain; 
 
Mexico; 
 
Turkey; 
 
South America; and 
 
Rest of Business. 
In addition to the operating segments referred to above, the Group has a Corporate Center which includes those items that 
have not been allocated to an operating segment. It includes the Group's general management functions, including costs 
from central units that have a strictly corporate function; management of structural exchange rate positions carried out by 
the Financial Planning unit; certain proprietary portfolios; certain tax assets and liabilities; certain provisions related to 
commitments with employees; and goodwill and other intangibles, as well as the financing of such asset portfolios. It also 
includes the results of the Group's stake in the venture capital fund Propel Venture Partners (which was previously part of 
our former United States segment). Additionally, the results obtained by the Group's businesses in the United States

--- Page 418 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
 
 
 
 
 
418 
 
 
included within the scope of the USA Sale, through the date of its closing, have been presented in a single line under the 
heading "Profit (loss) after tax from discontinued operations" in the income statement of the Corporate Center. Until 
October 15, 2021, BBVA's 20 per cent. stake in Divarian Propiedad, S.A was also included in this unit. On such date, 
BBVA completed the sale of this stake to Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. 
The breakdown of the Group's total assets by each of BBVA's operating segments and the Corporate Center as of December 
31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was as follows: 
 
As of December 31 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(In Millions of Euros) 
Spain 
413,477 
408,030 
367,678 
Mexico 
118,106 
110,236 
109,087 
Turkey 
56,245 
59,585 
64,416 
South America 
56,124 
55,436 
54,996 
Rest of Business 
40,314 
35,172 
32,891 
Subtotal Assets by Operating Segment 
684,266 
668,460 
629,068 
Corporate Center and Adjustments (1) 
(21,381) 
65,336 
66,403 
Total Assets BBVA Group 
662,885 
733,797 
695,471 
(1) Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments. 
The following table sets forth information relating to the profit (loss) attributable to parent company for each of BBVA's 
operating segments and the Corporate Center for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019: 
 
 
 
Profit/(Loss) Attributable to Parent 
Company 
 per cent. of Profit/(Loss) Attributable 
to Parent Company 
 
For the Year Ended December 31 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
2021 
2020 
2019 
(In Millions of Euros) 
(In Percentage) 
Spain 
1,581 
652 
1,436 
28 
18 
26 
Mexico 
2,568 
1,761 
2,698 
46 
48 
49 
Turkey  
740 
563 
506 
13 
15 
9 
South America 
491 
446 
721 
9 
12 
13 
Rest of Business 
254 
222 
184 
5 
6 
3 
Subtotal operating segments 
5,633 
3,644 
5,544 
100 
100 
100 
Corporate Center 
(980) 
(2,339) 
(2,032) 
 
 
 
Profit attributable to parent company 
4,653 
1,305 
3,512

--- Page 419 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
 
 
 
 
 
419 
 
 
The following table sets forth certain summarised information relating to the income of each operating segment and the 
Corporate Center for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019: 
 
Operating Segments 
 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey 
South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Corporate 
Center 
Total  
 
(In Millions of Euros) 
2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income 
3,502 
5,836 
2,370 
2,859 
281 
(163) 
14,686 
Gross income 
5,925 
7,603 
3,422 
3,162 
741 
212 
21,066 
Net margin before provisions (1) 
2,895 
4,944 
2,414 
1,661 
291 
(668) 
11,536 
Operating profit / (loss) before tax 
2,122 
3,528 
1,953 
961 
314 
(638) 
8,240 
Profit / (loss) attributable to parent company 
1,581 
2,568 
740 
491 
254 
(980) 
4,653 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income 
3,566 
5,415 
2,783 
2,701 
291 
(164) 
14,592 
Gross income 
5,567 
7,025 
3,573 
3,225 
839 
(63) 
20,166 
Net margin before provisions (1) 
2,528 
4,680 
2,544 
1,853 
372 
(898) 
11,079 
Operating profit / (loss) before tax  
823 
2,475 
1,522 
896 
280 
(1,183) 
4,813 
Profit / (loss) attributable to parent company 
652 
1,761 
563 
446 
222 
(2,339) 
1,305 
2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income 
3,585 
6,209 
2,814 
3,196 
236 
(252) 
15,789 
Gross income 
5,674 
8,034 
3,590 
3,850 
728 
(353) 
21,522 
Net margin before provisions (1) 
2,420 
5,383 
2,375 
2,276 
249 
(1,336) 
11,368 
Operating profit / (loss) before tax 
1,896 
3,690 
1,341 
1,396 
222 
(1,499) 
7,046 
Profit / (loss) attributable to parent company 
1,436 
2,698 
506 
721 
184 
(2,032) 
3,512 
(1) Net margin before provisions" is calculated as "Gross income" less "Administration costs" and "Depreciation and amortization".

--- Page 420 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
 
 
 
 
 
420 
 
 
The following tables set forth certain summarised information relating to the balance sheet of the operating segments and 
the Corporate Center and adjustments as of December 31, 2021, December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019: 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey  
South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Total 
Operating 
Segments 
Corporate 
Center and 
Adjustments 
(1) 
 
(In Millions of Euros) 
Total Assets 
413,477 
118,106 
56,245 
56,124 
40,314 
684,266 
(21,381) 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and 
other demand deposits 
26,386 
12,985 
7,764 
8,549 
3,970 
59,655 
8,145 
Financial assets at fair value (2) 
145,544 
35,126 
5,289 
7,175 
5,684 
198,817 
(7,726) 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
199,663 
65,311 
41,544 
37,747 
30,299 
374,564 
(1,888) 
Loans and advances to customers 
171,097 
55,809 
31,414 
34,608 
26,949 
319,877 
(939) 
Total Liabilities 
399,475 
110,877 
50,484 
51,147 
37,027 
649,009 
(34,885) 
Financial liabilities held for trading and 
designated at fair value through profit or 
loss 
81,376 
19,843 
2,272 
1,884 
5,060 
110,434 
(9,616) 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - 
Customer deposits 
206,663 
64,003 
38,341 
36,340 
6,266 
351,613 
(1,852) 
Of which: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand and savings deposits 
187,800 
53,172 
22,106 
26,751 
3,787 
293,616 
 
Time deposits 
18,109 
10,318 
16,229 
9,169 
2,479 
56,303 
 
Total Equity 
14,002 
7,229 
5,761 
4,977 
3,287 
35,257 
13,504 
Assets under management 
70,072 
26,445 
3,895 
14,756 
597 
115,765 
 
Mutual funds 
44,574 
24,250 
1,722 
4,261 
— 
74,807 
 
Pension funds 
25,498 
— 
2,173 
10,495 
597 
38,763 
 
Other placements 
— 
2,195 
— 
— 
— 
2,195 
 
(1) Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments. 
(2) Financial assets at fair value includes: "Financial assets held for trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss", "Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income".

--- Page 421 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
 
 
 
 
 
421 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 2020 
 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey  
South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Total 
Operating 
Segments 
Corporate 
Center and 
Adjustment
s (1) 
 
(In Millions of Euros) 
Total Assets 
408,030 
110,236 
59,585 
55,436 
35,172 
668,460 
65,336 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and 
other demand deposits 
38,356 
9,161 
5,477 
7,127 
6,121 
66,243 
(723) 
Financial assets at fair value (2) 
135,590 
36,360 
5,332 
7,329 
1,470 
186,080 
(4,447) 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
198,173 
59,819 
46,705 
38,549 
27,213 
370,460 
(2,792) 
Loans and advances to customers 
167,998 
50,002 
37,295 
33,615 
24,015 
312,926 
(1,779) 
Total Liabilities 
394,724 
103,529 
53,415 
50,660 
32,133 
634,462 
49,315 
Financial liabilities held for trading and 
designated at fair value through profit or 
loss
71,542 
23,801 
2,336 
1,326 
849 
99,854 
(5,695) 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - 
Customer deposits 
206,428 
54,052 
39,353 
36,874 
9,333 
346,040 
(3,379) 
Of which: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand and savings deposits 
174,789 
43,483 
20,075 
25,776 
3,657 
267,781 
 
Time deposits 
31,019 
10,444 
19,270 
11,042 
5,676 
77,452 
 
Total Equity  
13,306 
6,707 
6,170 
4,776 
3,039 
33,998 
16,022 
Assets under management 
62,707 
22,524 
3,425 
13,722 
569 
102,947 
 
Mutual funds 
38,434 
20,660 
1,087 
4,687 
— 
64,869 
 
Pension funds 
24,273 
— 
2,337 
9,035 
569 
36,215 
 
Other placements 
— 
1,863 
— 
— 
— 
1,863 
 
(1) Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments. 
(2) Financial assets at fair value includes: "Financial assets held for trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss", "Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income".

--- Page 422 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
 
 
 
 
 
422 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 2019 
 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey  
South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Total 
Operating 
Segments 
Corporate 
Center and  
Adjustment
s (1) 
 
(In Millions of Euros) 
Total Assets 
367,678 
109,087 
64,416 
54,996 
32,891 
629,068 
66,403 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and 
other demand deposits 
15,898 
6,492 
5,486 
8,601 
2,853 
39,330 
4,973 
Financial assets at fair value (2) 
119,625 
31,402 
5,268 
6,120 
796 
163,211 
4,213 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
195,258 
66,180 
51,285 
37,869 
28,881 
379,473 
59,688 
Loans and advances to customers 
167,332 
58,081 
40,500 
35,701 
26,143 
327,757 
54,603 
Total Liabilities 
354,679 
101,980 
57,584 
49,596 
29,947 
593,787 
46,759 
Financial liabilities held for trading and 
designated at fair value through profit or 
loss
75,465 
21,784 
2,184 
1,860 
220 
101,513 
(5,089) 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost - 
Customer deposits 
182,370 
55,934 
41,335 
36,104 
8,603 
324,346 
59,873 
Of which: 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
 
Demand and savings deposits 
150,917 
43,015 
15,737 
22,665 
3,577 
235,911 
 
Time deposits 
31,453 
12,395 
25,587 
13,439 
5,027 
87,901 
 
Total Equity  
12,999 
7,107 
6,832 
5,400 
2,944 
35,281 
19,644 
Assets under management 
66,068 
24,464 
3,906 
12,864 
500 
107,803 
 
Mutual funds 
41,390 
21,929 
1,460 
3,860 
— 
68,639 
 
Pension funds 
24,678 
— 
2,446 
9,005 
500 
36,630 
 
Other placements 
— 
2,534 
— 
— 
— 
2,534 
 
(1) Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments. 
(2) Financial assets at fair value includes: "Financial assets held for trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss", "Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income". 
 
Spain 
This operating segment includes all of BBVA's banking and non-banking businesses in Spain, other than those included in 
the Corporate Center. The primary business units included in this operating segment are: 
• 
Spanish Retail Network: including individual customers, private banking, small companies and businesses in the 
domestic market; 
• 
Corporate and Business Banking: which manages small and medium sized enterprises ("SMEs"), companies and 
corporations, and public institutions; 
• 
Corporate and Investment Banking: responsible for business with large corporations and multinational groups 
and the trading floor and distribution business in Spain; and 
• 
Other units: which includes the insurance business unit in Spain (BBVA Seguros) as well as the Group's 
shareholding in the bancassurance joint venture with Allianz, Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. (see "—
History and Development of the Company―Capital Divestitures—2020"), the Asset Management unit (which 
manages Spanish mutual funds and pension funds), lending to real estate developers and foreclosed real estate 
assets in Spain, as well as certain proprietary portfolios and certain funding and structural interest-rate positions 
of the euro balance sheet which are not included in the Corporate Center.

--- Page 423 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
 
 
 
 
 
423 
 
 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €26,386 million, a 
31.2 per cent. decrease compared with the €38,356 million recorded as of December 31, 2020, mainly due to the decrease 
in cash held at the Bank of Spain. BBVA had increased its cash held at the Bank of Spain as of December 31, 2020 with a 
view to reinforcing the Group's cash position in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. See "Item 5. Operating and Financial 
Review and Prospects―Operating Results―Factors Affecting the Comparability of our Results of Operations and 
Financial Condition―The COVID-19 Pandemic" of Form 20-F for certain information on the impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic on the Group. 
Financial assets at fair value of this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: "Financial assets held for 
trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss", "Financial assets designated at fair 
value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income") amounted to 
€145,544 million as of December 31, 2021, a 7.3 per cent. increase from the €135,590 million recorded as of December 
31, 2020, mainly as a result of the increase in loans and advances to credit institutions (through reverse repurchase 
agreements) recorded under the "Financial assets held for trading" portfolio. 
Financial assets at amortised cost of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €199,663 million, a 0.8 
per cent. increase compared with the €198,173 million recorded as of December 31, 2020. Within this heading, loans and 
advances to customers amounted to €171,097 million as of December 31, 2021, an increase of 1.8 per cent. from the 
€167,998 million recorded as of December 31, 2020, mainly as a result of the increase in SMEs and consumer loans 
(including credit card loans) and increased drawdowns under credit facilities especially in the first quarter of 2021. 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating segment as of 
December 31, 2021 amounted to €81,376 million, a 13.7 per cent. increase compared with the €71,542 million recorded as 
of December 31, 2020, mainly due to an increase in deposits from the Bank of Spain (through repurchase agreements) 
recorded under the "Financial liabilities held for trading" portfolio. 
Customer deposits at amortised cost of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €206,663 million, a 
0.1 per cent. increase compared with the €206,428 million recorded as of December 31, 2020. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes "Mutual funds" and "Pension funds") as of December 
31, 2021 amounted to €70,072 million, an 11.7 per cent. increase compared with the €62,707 million as of December 31, 
2020, mainly due to the shift from time deposits towards higher profitability investments, which boosted private banking 
and mutual funds.   
This operating segment's non-performing loan ratio decreased to 4.2 per cent. as of December 31, 2021 from 4.3 per cent. 
as of December 31, 2020, mainly as a result of the increase in SMEs and consumer loans (including credit card loans), 
increased drawdowns under credit facilities, higher write-offs and an effective and proactive management of loan 
classification in view of the pandemic, offset, in part, by higher additions to Stage 3 loans as a result of the update in the 
definition of credit impaired asset (see "Presentation of Financial Information—Changes in Accounting Policies—New 
definition of default") of Form 20-F. This operating segment's non-performing loan coverage ratio decreased to 62 per cent. 
as of December 31, 2021 from 67 per cent. as of December 31, 2020 as a result of higher additions to Stage 3 loans. 
Mexico 
The Mexico operating segment includes the banking and insurance businesses conducted in Mexico by BBVA Mexico. It 
also includes BBVA Mexico's branch in Houston. 
The Mexican peso appreciated 5.5 per cent. against the euro as of December 31, 2021 compared with December 31, 2020, 
positively affecting the business activity of the Mexico operating segment as of December 31, 2021 expressed in euros. 
See "Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects―Operating Results―Factors Affecting the Comparability of 
our Results of Operations and Financial Condition―Trends in Exchange Rates" of Form 20-F.

--- Page 424 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
 
 
 
 
 
424 
 
 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €12,985 million, a 
41.7 per cent. increase compared with the €9,161 million recorded as of December 31, 2020, mainly due to an increase in 
cash and cash equivalents held at the Mexican Central Bank ("BANXICO") and, in particular, the increase in the treasury 
bills from BANXICO held by BBVA. This increase was motivated by BBVA's desire to reinforce the Group's cash position 
in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. See "Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects―Operating 
Results―Factors Affecting the Comparability of our Results of Operations and Financial Condition―The COVID-19 
Pandemic" of Form 20-F for certain information on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group. 
Financial assets at fair value of this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: "Financial assets held for 
trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss", "Financial assets designated at fair 
value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income") as of December 31, 
2021 amounted to €35,126 million, a 3.4 per cent. decrease from the €36,360 million recorded as of December 31, 2020, 
mainly due to the decreases in the value of exchange rate derivatives due to changes in foreign currency positions, offset 
in part by the appreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro. 
Financial assets at amortised cost of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €65,311 million, a 9.2 
per cent. increase compared with the €59,819 million recorded as of December 31, 2020. Within this heading, loans and 
advances to customers of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €55,809 million, an 11.6 per cent. 
increase compared with the €50,002 million recorded as of December 31, 2020, mainly attributable to the positive 
performance of the retail portfolio, with increases in credit card and consumer loans and, to a lesser extent, mortgages, 
supported by the appreciation of the Mexican peso, an increase in the product offering (which contributed to the increase 
in the number of customers) and the improvement of the Mexican economy (mainly in the first half of 2021). 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating segment as of 
December 31, 2021 amounted to €19,843 million, a 16.6 per cent. decrease compared with the €23,801 million recorded 
as of December 31, 2020, mainly as a result of decreases in the value of exchange rate derivatives due to changes in foreign 
currency positions. 
Customer deposits at amortised cost of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €64,003 million, an 
18.4 per cent. increase compared with the €54,052 million recorded as of December 31, 2020, primarily due to increases 
in demand deposits, in particular in the retail portfolio, during the first half of 2021 as a result of the customers' preference 
to hold liquid assets in the prevailing uncertain environment, and the appreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes "Mutual funds" and "Other placements") as of December 
31, 2021 amounted to €26,445 million, a 17.4 per cent. increase compared with the €22,524 million as of December 31, 
2020, mainly as a result of the shift from time deposits towards higher profitability investments, which boosted mutual 
funds during 2021, supported by an improved product offer that includes funds linked to Environmental, Social and 
Governance ("ESG") factors and, to a lesser extent, the appreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro. 
This operating segment's non-performing loan ratio decreased to 3.2 per cent. as of December 31, 2021 from 3.3 per cent. 
as of December 31, 2020, mainly due to higher write-offs and recoveries in the retail portfolio (credit card and consumer 
loans), partially offset by the higher additions to Stage 3 loans as a result of the update in the definition of credit impaired 
asset (Stage 3) (see "Presentation of Financial Information—Changes in Accounting Policies—New definition of default") 
of Form 20-F and the reclassification of a significant customer in the wholesale portfolio. This operating segment's non-
performing loan coverage ratio decreased to 106 per cent. as of December 31, 2021 from 122 per cent. as of December 31, 
2020 as a result mainly of higher additions to Stage 3 loans.

--- Page 425 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
 
 
 
 
 
425 
 
 
Turkey 
This operating segment comprises the activities carried out by Garanti BBVA as an integrated financial services group 
operating in every segment of the banking sector in Turkey, including corporate, commercial, SME, payment systems, 
retail, private and investment banking, together with its subsidiaries in pension and life insurance, leasing, factoring, 
brokerage and asset management, as well as its international subsidiaries in the Netherlands and Romania. As of the date 
of filing of this Base Prospectus, BBVA holds a 85.97 per cent. stake in Garanti BBVA after completing the voluntary 
takeover bid addressed to the holders of Garanti BBVA's share capital not owned by BBVA, which was announced on 
November 15, 2021. For additional information, see "—History and Development of the Company—Capital 
Expenditures—2021—Voluntary takeover bid for the entire share capital of Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş.". 
The Turkish lira depreciated 40.2 per cent. against the euro as of December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020, 
adversely affecting the business activity of the Turkey operating segment as of December 31, 2021 expressed in euros. See 
"Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects―Operating Results―Factors Affecting the Comparability of our 
Results of Operations and Financial Condition―Trends in Exchange Rates" of Form 20-F. 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €7,764 million, a 
41.7 per cent. increase compared with the €5,477 million recorded as of December 31, 2020, mainly due to the increase in 
cash and cash equivalents held at the Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey, with a view to reinforcing the Group's cash 
position, partially offset by the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro. 
Financial assets at fair value of this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: "Financial assets held for 
trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss", "Financial assets designated at fair 
value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income") as of December 31, 
2021 amounted to €5,289 million, a 0.8 per cent. decrease from the €5,332 million recorded as of December 31, 2020, 
mainly due to the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro, partially offset by increases in the value of currency 
swaps, mainly as a result of favourable fluctuations in market interest rates. 
Financial assets at amortised cost of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €41,544 million, an 11.1 
per cent. decrease compared with the €46,705 million recorded as of December 31, 2020. Within this heading, loans and 
advances to customers of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €31,414 million, a 15.8 per cent. 
decrease compared with the €37,295 million recorded as of December 31, 2020, mainly due to the depreciation of the 
Turkish lira against the euro and, to a lesser extent, decreases in loans denominated in foreign currency, offset, in part, by 
the increase (in local currency) in Turkish lira-denominated consumer loans (supported by the General Purpose Loans 
program adopted by the Turkish government, which intends to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic) and to a 
lesser extent, increases (in local currency) in commercial loans and credit card loans. 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating segment as of 
December 31, 2021 amounted to €2,272 million, a 2.7 per cent. decrease compared with the €2,336 million recorded as of 
December 31, 2020, mainly due to the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro, partially offset by changes in the 
value of currency swaps, mainly as a result of fluctuations in market interest rates.  
Customer deposits at amortised cost of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €38,341 million, a 
2.6 per cent. decrease compared with the €39,353 million recorded as of December 31, 2020, mainly due to the depreciation 
of the Turkish lira against the euro, partially offset by the increase (in local currency) in demand deposits (both denominated 
in Turkish lira and in foreign currencies) and, to a lesser extent, time deposits denominated in Turkish lira. In local currency, 
deposits were positively affected by the depreciation of the Turkish lira and the high inflation environment. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes "Mutual funds" and "Pension funds") as of December 
31, 2021 amounted to €3,895 million, a 13.7 per cent. increase compared with the €3,425 million as of December 31, 2020, 
mainly due to increases in mutual funds as a result of the shift towards higher profitability investments, partially offset by 
the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro.

--- Page 426 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
 
 
 
 
 
426 
 
 
The non-performing loan ratio of this operating segment increased to 7.1 per cent. as of December 31, 2021 from 6.6 per 
cent. as of December 31, 2020, mainly as a result of the update in the definition of credit impaired asset (see "Presentation 
of Financial Information—Changes in Accounting Policies—New definition of default") of Form 20-F and the change in 
staging of a large customer of the wholesale portfolio during the first half of 2021, partially offset by higher write-offs 
during the second half of 2021. This operating segment's non-performing loan coverage ratio decreased to 75 per cent. as 
of December 31, 2021 from 80 per cent. as of December 31, 2020. 
South America 
The South America operating segment includes the Group's banking and insurance businesses in the region. 
The main business units included in the South America operating segment are: 
• 
Retail and Corporate Banking: includes banks in Argentina, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay and Venezuela. 
• 
Insurance: includes insurance businesses in Argentina, Colombia and Venezuela. 
The sale of BBVA Paraguay closed in January 2021. See "—History and Development of the Company—Capital 
Divestitures—2021". 
As of December 31, 2021, the Argentine peso, the Colombian peso and the Peruvian sol depreciated against the euro 
compared to December 31, 2020, by 11.3 per cent., 6.6 per cent. and 1.3 per cent., respectively. Changes in exchanges rates 
have adversely affected the business activity of the South America operating segment as of December 31, 2021 expressed 
in euros. See "Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects―Operating Results―Factors Affecting the 
Comparability of our Results of Operations and Financial Condition―Trends in Exchange Rates" of Form 20-F. 
As of and for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Argentine and Venezuelan economies were 
considered to be hyperinflationary as defined by IAS 29 (see "Presentation of Financial Information—Changes in 
Accounting Policies— Hyperinflationary economies") of Form 20-F. 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €8,549 million, a 
20.0 per cent. increase compared with the €7,127 million recorded as of December 31, 2020, mainly due to an increase in 
cash and cash equivalents held at most of the central banks within this operating segment as a result of the central banks in 
the region having started rate hike cycles and the withdrawal of stimulus programs intended to mitigate the impact of the 
COVID-19 crisis. 
Financial assets at fair value for this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: "Financial assets held for 
trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss", "Financial assets designated at fair 
value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income") as of December 31, 
2021 amounted to €7,175 million, a 2.1 per cent. decrease compared with the €7,329 million recorded as of December 31, 
2020, mainly due to the depreciation of the currencies of the main countries where the BBVA Group operates within this 
operating segment against the euro. 
Financial assets at amortised cost of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €37,747 million, a 2.1 
per cent. decrease compared with the €38,549 million recorded as of December 31, 2020. Within this heading, loans and 
advances to customers of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €34,608 million, a 3.0 per cent. 
increase compared with the €33,615 million recorded as of December 31, 2020, mainly as a result of the increase in the 
retail portfolio and commercial loans in Colombia, the increase in credit card loans in Argentina and the increase in 
consumer and mortgage loans in Peru (in light of the improved economic conditions), partially offset by the depreciation 
of the currencies of the main countries where the BBVA Group operates within this operating segment against the euro 
and the sale of BBVA Paraguay closed in January 2021 (see "—History and Development of the Company—Capital 
Divestitures—2021").

--- Page 427 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
 
 
 
 
 
427 
 
 
Customer deposits at amortised cost of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €36,340 million, a 
1.4 per cent. decrease compared with the €36,874 million recorded as of December 31, 2020, mainly as a result of the 
depreciation of the currencies of the main countries where the BBVA Group operates within this operating segment against 
the euro and the sale of BBVA Paraguay closed in January 2021 (see "—History and Development of the Company—
Capital Divestitures—2021"), partially offset by increases in demand deposits. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes "Mutual funds" and "Pension funds") as of December 
31, 2021 amounted to €14,756 million, a 7.5 per cent. increase compared with the €13,722 million as of December 31, 
2020, mainly due to the recovery in mutual funds in Argentina, after the temporary withdrawal of funds invested in mutual 
funds due to market instability, partially offset by the depreciation of the currencies of the main countries where the BBVA 
Group operates within this operating segment against the euro. 
The non-performing loan ratio of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 stood at 4.5 per cent. and 4.4 
per cent., mainly as a result of the update in the definition of credit impaired asset, which led to an increase in impaired 
loans particularly in Peru (see "Presentation of Financial Information—Changes in Accounting Policies—New definition 
of default") of Form 20-F and the increase in impaired loans in the retail portfolio in Argentina and Colombia and in the 
retail (SME loans segment) and corporate portfolios in Peru, partially offset by higher write-offs and better recovery ratio 
in Uruguay and the increases in the retail and commercial loans portfolios in Colombia and Argentina. This operating 
segment's non-performing loan coverage ratio decreased to 99 per cent. as of December 31, 2021, from 110 per cent. as of 
December 31, 2020. 
Rest of Business 
This operating segment includes the wholesale activity carried out by the Group in Europe, excluding Spain, and the United 
States through the New York branch, as well as the institutional business that the Group develops in the United States 
through its broker-dealer BBVA Securities Inc. It also includes the banking business developed through the five BBVA 
branches located in Asia (in Taipei, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore and Shanghai). 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €3,970 million, a 
35.1 per cent. decrease compared with the €6,121 million recorded as of December 31, 2020. Other demand deposits of 
this operating segment as of December 31, 2020 was positively impacted by the customers' preference for holding liquid 
assets, in particular, at the New York branch, in response to the uncertain environment caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Financial assets at fair value for this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: "Financial assets held for 
trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss", "Financial assets designated at fair 
value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income") as of December 31, 
2021 amounted to €5,684 million compared with the €1,470 million recorded as of December 31, 2020 mainly due to 
increased activity of the New York branch, which led to an increase in loans and advances recorded under "Financial assets 
held for trading", due, in part, to the appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the euro. 
Financial assets at amortised cost of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €30,299 million, an 11.3 
per cent. increase compared with the €27,213 million recorded as of December 31, 2020. Within this heading, loans and 
advances to customers of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €26,949 million, a 12.2 per cent. 
increase compared with the €24,015 million recorded as of December 31, 2020 mainly due to increased activity in the 
branches located in Asia, and, to a lesser extent, the appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the euro. 
Customer deposits at amortised cost of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €6,266 million, a 32.9 
per cent. decrease compared with the €9,333 million recorded as of December 31, 2020, mainly as a result of the decrease 
in deposits from wholesale customers at the New York branch. Customer deposits at amortised cost of this operating 
segment as of December 31, 2020 was positively impacted by the customers' preference for holding liquid assets in 
response to the uncertain environment caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, following the implementation of the Paycheck 
Protection Program in the United States, which effect significantly decreased in 2021.

--- Page 428 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
 
 
 
 
 
428 
 
 
Off-balance sheet pension funds in this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 amounted to €597 million, a 4.9 per 
cent. increase compared with the €569 million recorded as of December 31, 2020. 
The non-performing loan ratio of this operating segment as of December 31, 2021 decreased to 0.7 per cent. from 1.0 per 
cent. as of December 31, 2020 mainly driven by loan growth due to increased activity and higher recoveries from the 
wholesale portfolio, in particular, in Europe. This operating segment's non-performing loan coverage ratio increased to 116 
per cent. as of December 31, 2021, from 109 per cent. as of December 31, 2020.

--- Page 429 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
429 
 
 
Organisational Structure  
The companies comprising the BBVA Group are principally domiciled in the following countries: Argentina, 
Belgium, Chile, Colombia, France, Germany, Italy, Mexico, Netherlands, Peru, Portugal, Romania, Spain, 
Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom, the United States of America and Uruguay. In addition, BBVA has an 
active presence in Asia.  
Below is a simplified organisational chart of BBVA's most significant subsidiaries as of December 31, 2021. 
Subsidiary 
Country of 
Incorporation 
Activity 
BBVA 
Voting 
Power 
BBVA 
Ownership 
Total 
Assets (1) 
 
     (in Percentages) 
(In Millions 
of Euros) 
BBVA MEXICO 
MEXICO 
Bank 
100.00 
100.00 
103,490 
GARANTI BBVA (2) 
TURKEY 
Bank 
49.85 
49.85 
48,162 
BBVA PERU 
PERU 
Bank 
92.24 (3) 
46.12 
22,199 
BBVA COLOMBIA S.A. 
COLOMBIA 
Bank 
95.47 
95.47 
16,818 
BBVA SEGUROS S.A. DE SEGUROS Y REASEGUROS 
SPAIN 
Insurance 
99.96 
99.96 
16,333 
BANCO BBVA ARGENTINA S.A. 
ARGENTINA 
Bank 
66.55 
66.55 
8,627 
BBVA SEGUROS MÉXICO, S.A. DE C.V., GRUPO 
FINANCIERO BBVA MEXICO 
MEXICO 
Insurance 
100.00 
100.00 
6,658 
BBVA PENSIONES MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V., GRUPO 
FINANCIERO BBVA MEXICO 
MEXICO 
Insurance 
100.00 
100.00 
5,719 
GARANTIBANK BBVA INTERNATIONAL N.V. (2)(4) 
THE 
NETHERLANDS 
Bank 
49.85 
100.00 
4,105 
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA URUGUAY 
S.A. 
URUGUAY 
Bank 
100.00 
100.00 
3,431 
(1) Information for non-EU subsidiaries has been calculated using the prevailing exchange rates on December 31, 2021. 
(2) On November 15, 2021, BBVA announced its decision to launch a voluntary takeover bid for the shares of Garanti BBVA not already 
owned by BBVA. For additional information, see "History and Development of BBVA – Capital Expenditures – 2021 – Voluntary 
takeover bid for the entire capital of Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş." 
(3) Subject to certain exceptions. 
(4) BBVA owns 49.85 per cent. of Garanti BBVA, which in turn owns 100 per cent. of GarantiBank International N.V.  
 
Selected Consolidated Financial Data 
The historical financial information set forth below for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 has 
been selected from, and should be read together with, the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
Consolidated Statement of Income Data 
 
 
Year ended December 31 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Net interest income 
14,686 
14,592 
15,789

--- Page 430 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
430 
 
 
Net profit 
5,618 
2,060 
4,345 
Net profit attributable to parent company 
4,653 
1,305 
3,512 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data 
 
 
As of December 31 
 
2021 
2020 
2019 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Total assets 
662,885 
733,797 
695,471 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
372,676 
367,668 
439,162 
Customers' deposits 
349,761 
342,661 
384,219 
Debt certificates and other financial liabilities 
59,159 
66,311 
68,619 
Non-controlling interests 
4,853 
5,471 
6,201 
Total equity 
48,760 
50,020 
54,925 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Presentation of financial information 
Accounting principles 
Under Regulation (EC) no. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council of July 19, 2002, all 
companies governed by the law of an EU Member State and whose Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market of any Member State must prepare their consolidated financial statements for the years beginning on or 
after January 1, 2005 in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards adopted by the European 
Union ("EU-IFRS"). The Bank of Spain issued Circular 4/2017 of November 27, 2017 ("Circular 4/2017"), on 
Public and Confidential Financial Reporting Rules and Formats, which requires Spanish credit institutions to adapt 
their accounting system to the principles derived from the adoption of EU-IFRS. 
 
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT  
BBVA is managed by a Board of Directors which, in accordance with its current by-laws (Estatutos), must consist 
of no less than 5 and no more than 15 members. All members of the Board of Directors are elected to serve three-
year terms. BBVA's Board of Directors' Regulations state that the Board of Directors must try to ensure that there 
is an ample majority of non-executive directors over the number of executive directors on the Board of Directors.  
BBVA's corporate governance system is based on the distribution of functions between the Board of Directors, 
the Executive Committee (Comisión Delegada Permanente) and other specialised Board Committees, namely: 
the Audit Committee; the Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee; the Remuneration Committee; 
the Risk and Compliance Committee; and the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee. BBVA's Board of

--- Page 431 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
431 
 
 
Directors are assisted in fulfilling its responsibilities by the Executive Committee. The Executive Committee will 
deal with those matters of the Board of Directors that the Board agrees to delegate to it, in accordance with the 
law, the Bylaws, the Board of Directors' Regulations or its own Regulations approved by the Board of Directors.  
Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors of BBVA currently comprises 15 members. The business address of the Directors of 
BBVA is Calle Azul, 4, 28050 Madrid. 
BBVA may, from time to time, enter into transactions in the ordinary course of its business, and on an arm's length 
basis, with the Directors. 
BBVA's Board of Directors' Regulations includes rules which are designed to prevent situations where a potential 
conflict of interest may arise. These Regulations provide, among other matters, that directors must refrain from 
participating in deliberations and votes on resolutions or decisions in which they or a related party may have a 
direct or indirect conflict of interest. Accordingly, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the private 
interests or other duties of the directors and their duties to BBVA. 
The following table sets forth the names of the members of the Board of Directors as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, their date of appointment and re-election, if applicable, their current positions and their present 
principal outside occupation and employment history. 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Present 
Principal 
Outside 
Occupation 
and 
Employment 
History(*) 
Carlos 
Torres 
Vila(1)(6) 
1966 
Chair 
May 4, 2015 
March 18, 2022 
Chair of the Board of Directors of 
BBVA. Chair of the Executive 
Committee and of the Technology 
and 
CyberSecurity 
Committee. 
Director of Grupo Financiero BBVA 
México, S.A. de C.V. and BBVA 
México S.A., Institución de Banca 
Múltiple, Grupo Financiero BBVA 
México. Chief Executive Officer of 
BBVA from May 2015 to December 
2018. He started at BBVA in 
September 
2008 
holding 
senior 
management posts such as Head of 
Digital Banking from March 2014 to 
May 2015 and BBVA Strategy & 
Corporate 
Development 
Director 
from January 2009 to March 2014. 
Onur Genç (1) 
1974 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
December 20, 
2018 
March 18, 2022 
Chief Executive Officer of BBVA. 
Director of Grupo Financiero BBVA 
México, S.A. de C.V. and BBVA 
México S.A., Institución de Banca 
Múltiple, Grupo Financiero BBVA 
México. Chair and CEO of BBVA 
USA and BBVA's Country Manager 
in the USA from January 2017 to 
December 2018. Deputy CEO at 
Garanti BBVA between 2015 and 
2017 and Vice President for retail and 
private banking at Garanti BBVA 
between 2012 and 2015.

--- Page 432 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
432 
 
 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Present 
Principal 
Outside 
Occupation 
and 
Employment 
History(*) 
José Miguel Andrés 
Torrecillas(1)(2)(3) 
1955 
Deputy 
Chair 
(Independent 
Director) 
March 
13, 
2015 
April 20, 2021 
Deputy Chair of the Board of 
Directors of BBVA since April 2019 
and Chair of the Appointments and 
Corporate Governance Committee. 
Chair of Ernst & Young Spain from 
2004 to 2014, where he was a partner 
since 1987 and also held a series of 
senior offices, including Managing 
Partner of the Banking Group from 
1989 to 2004 and Managing Director 
of the Audit and Advisory practices at 
Ernst & Young Italy and Portugal 
from 2008 to 2013. He has been 
director of Zardoya Otis, S.A. from 
2015 to 2022. 
Jaime Félix Caruana 
Lacorte(1)(2)(5) 
1952 
Independent 
Director 
March 
16, 
2018 
April 20, 2021 
Chair of the Audit Committee since 
April 2019. Member of the Group of 
Thirty (G-30), Sponsor (patrono) of 
the 
Spanish 
Aspen 
Institute 
Foundation, 
President 
of 
the 
International Center for Monetary 
and 
Banking 
Studies' 
(ICMB) 
Foundation Board and Member of the 
China 
Banking 
and 
Insurance 
Regulatory Commission's (CBIRC) 
International Advisory Committee. 
General Manager of the Bank of 
International 
Settlements 
(BIS) 
between 2009 and 2017. Between 
2006 and 2009 he was Head of the 
Monetary, 
Capital 
Markets 
Department and Financial Counselor 
and 
General 
Manager 
at 
the 
International Monetary Fund (IMF), 
and he was Chair of the Basel's 
Banking 
Supervision 
Committee 
between 2003 and 2006. 
Raúl 
Catarino 
Galamba de Oliveira 
(5)(6)(7) 
1964 
Independent 
Director 
March 
13, 
2020 
Not applicable 
Lead Director of BBVA since April 
2022. Independent Chair of the Board 
of Directors of CTT- Correios de 
Portugal, S.A. and non-executive 
director of José de Mello Saúde and 
José de Mello Capital. His career path 
has been mainly linked to McKinsey 
& Company, where he was appointed 
partner in 1995, Director of the 
Portugal office in 2000, Managing 
Partner of Global Risk practice 
between 2013 and 2016, member of 
the Global Shareholders' Board from 
2005 to 2011, member of the Global 
Partner Election and Evaluation 
Committees between 2001 and 2017, 
member 
of 
the 
Remuneration 
Committee from 2005 to 2013 and 
Chair of the Global Learning Board 
from 2006 to 2011. 
Belén 
Garijo 
López(2)(3)(4) 
1960 
Independent 
Director 
March 
16, 
2012 
April 20, 2021 
 
Chair 
of 
the 
Remuneration 
Committee. Chair of the Executive 
Board and CEO of Merck Group, 
member of the Board of Directors of 
L'Oréal and, since 2011, Chair of the

--- Page 433 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
433 
 
 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Present 
Principal 
Outside 
Occupation 
and 
Employment 
History(*) 
International 
Senior 
Executive 
Committee 
of 
PhRMA, 
ISEC 
(Pharmaceutical 
Research 
and 
Manufacturers 
of 
America). 
Previously, she was President of 
Commercial Operations for Europe 
and Canada at Sanofi Aventis. 
Connie 
Hedegaard 
Koksbang  
1960 
Independent 
Director 
March 
18, 
2022 
Not applicable 
Independent director at Danfoss A/S 
and non-executive director at Cadeler 
A/S and at Gazelle Wind Power 
Limited. Moreover, she develops 
activities in international forums and 
organizations and in foundations such 
as member of the Supervisory Board 
at the European Climate Foundation, 
Chairman of the OECD's Round 
Table on Sustainable Development,  
member 
of 
the 
Climate 
and 
Environment Advisory Council of the 
European Investment Bank (EIB), 
Chairman of the Board of Trustees at 
the KR Foundation, Chairman of 
CONCITO, 
Chairman 
of 
the 
European 
Commission's 
Mission 
Adaptation 
to 
Climate 
Change, 
including Social Change, Chairman 
of the Board at Aarhus University, 
and member of the Sustainability 
Council at Volkswagen. She has been 
non-executive director of Nordex SE 
from 2016 to 2022. 
Lourdes 
Máiz 
Carro(2)(4) 
1959 
Independent 
Director 
March 
14, 
2014 
March 13, 2020 
Secretary of the Board of Directors 
and Director of Legal Services at 
Iberia, Líneas Aéreas de España from 
2001 until 2016. Joined the Spanish 
State Counsel Corps (Cuerpo de 
Abogados del Estado) and from 1992 
until 1993 she was Deputy to the 
Director in the Ministry of Public 
Administration. From 1993 to 2001 
held various senior positions in the 
Public 
Administration, 
including 
Director of the Cabinet of the 
Assistant 
Secretary 
of 
Public 
Administration and General Director 
of 
the 
Sociedad 
Estatal 
de 
Participaciones 
Patrimoniales 
(SEPPA) within the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance. 
José 
Maldonado 
Ramos(1)(3) 
1952 
External Director 
January 
28, 
2000 
April 20, 2021 
Appointed Director and General 
Secretary of BBVA in January 2000. 
Took early retirement as Bank 
executive 
in 
December 
2009. 
Previously, he was Board Secretary 
and Director of Legal Services for 
Empresa Nacional para el Desarrollo 
de la Industria Alimentaria, S.A. 
(Endiasa); Astilleros Españoles, S.A.; 
and Iberia, Líneas Aéreas de España, 
S.A.

--- Page 434 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
434 
 
 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Present 
Principal 
Outside 
Occupation 
and 
Employment 
History(*) 
Ana Cristina Peralta 
Moreno(2)(4) 
1961 
Independent 
Director 
March 
16, 
2018 
April 20, 2021 
Independent director of Grenergy 
Renovables, S.A. and of Inmobiliaria 
Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. and member 
of the Professional Board of ESADE. 
Independent director at Deutsche 
Bank SAE from 2014 to 2018; 
independent 
director 
at 
Banco 
Etcheverría, S.A. between 2013 and 
2014. Previously, she was General 
Director of Risks and Member of the 
Management Committee of Banco 
Pastor, S.A. and she held several 
positions at Bankinter, S.A. including 
Chief Risk Officer and member of the 
Management Committee. 
Juan Pi Llorens(3)(5)(6) 
1950 
Independent 
Director 
July 27, 2011 
April 20, 2021 
 
Chair of the Risk and Compliance 
Committee of BBVA. Chair of the 
Board of Directors of Ecolumber, 
S.A. and non-executive director at 
Oesía Networks, S.L., of Tecnobit, 
S.L.U. and of UAV Navigation, S.L. 
Had a professional career at IBM 
holding various senior posts at a 
national 
and 
international 
level 
including Vice President for Sales at 
IBM Europe from 2005 to 2008, Vice 
President of Technology & Systems 
Group at IBM Europe from 2008 to 
2010 and Vice President of the 
Finance Services Sector at GMU 
(Growth Markets Units) in China 
from 2009 to 2011. He was executive 
President of IBM Spain between 1998 
and 2001. 
 
Ana Leonor Revenga 
Shanklin (5)(6) 
1963 
Independent 
Director 
March 
13, 
2020 
Not applicable 
Senior Fellow at the Brookings 
Institution and Chair of the ISEAK 
Foundation Board of Trustees since 
2018 and Associate Professor at the 
Walsh School of Foreign Service at 
Georgetown University since 2019 . 
Her career path has been mainly 
linked to World Bank, where she has 
held various senior posts, including 
Senior Global Director of Poverty and 
Equity between 2014 and 2016 and 
Deputy Chief Economist between 
2016 and 2017. 
Susana 
Rodríguez 
Vidarte(1)(3)(5) 
1955 
External Director 
May 28, 2002 
March 13, 2020 
Professor Emeritus of Strategy at the 
Faculty of Economics and Business 
Sciences at Universidad de Deusto. 
She was Dean of the Faculty of 
Economics 
and 
Business 
Administration of the University of 
Deusto from 1996 to 2009, Director 
of the Instituto Internacional de 
Dirección de Empresas (INSIDE) 
from 2003 to 2008 and Director of the 
Postgraduate Area from 2009 to 2012. 
Doctor in Economic and Business 
Sciences 
from 
Universidad 
de 
Deusto.

--- Page 435 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
435 
 
 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Present 
Principal 
Outside 
Occupation 
and 
Employment 
History(*) 
Carlos 
Vicente 
Salazar Lomelín (4) 
1951 
External Director 
March 
13, 
2020 
Not applicable 
Chair 
of 
Mexico's 
Business 
Coordinating Council since 2019 and 
independent director to Sukarne, S.A. 
de C.V. and Alsea, S.A.B. de C.V. 
since 2017 and 2019, respectively. 
Director of Grupo Financiero BBVA 
México, S.A. de C.V. and of BBVA 
México, S.A., Institución de Banca 
Múltiple, Grupo Financiero BBVA 
México. His career path has been 
linked 
to 
the 
Grupo 
Fomento 
Económico Mexicano S.A.B. de C.V. 
(Femsa) until 2019, having held roles 
such 
as 
General 
Manager 
of 
Cervecería Cuauhtémoc-Moctezuma 
and General Manager of Femsa from 
2014 to 2017. 
Jan 
Paul 
Marie 
Francis 
Verplancke 
(4)(6) 
1963 
Independent 
Director 
March 
16, 
2018 
April 20, 2021 
Advisor to the Internal Advisory 
Board 
at 
Abdul 
Latif 
Jameel. 
Director, Chief Information Officer, 
Group Head of Technology and 
Banking Operations, of Standard 
Chartered Bank, between 2004 and 
2015. Before that, he held several 
positions in multinational companies, 
such as Vice President of Technology 
and Chief Information Officer, in the 
EMEA region of Dell (1999-2004). 
(*)   Where no date is provided, the position is currently held. 
(1)   Member of the Executive Committee.  
(2)   Member of the Audit Committee.  
(3)   Member of the Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee. 
(4)   Member of the Remuneration Committee. 
(5)   Member of the Risk and Compliance Committee. 
(6)   Member of the Technology and CyberSecurity Committee. 
(7)   Lead Director.  
 
Major Shareholders and Share Capital  
On February 1, 2022, Blackrock, Inc. reported to the SEC that it beneficially owned 7.2 per cent. of BBVA's 
common stock.  
On February 11, 2021, GQG Partners LLC reported to the CNMV that it directly had voting power over 3.090 per 
cent. of BBVA's common stock (all voting rights were attributed to shares). 
As of February 28, 2022, no other person, corporation or government beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, 
five percent or more of BBVA's shares. BBVA's major shareholders do not have voting rights which are different 
from those held by the rest of its shareholders. To the extent known to us, BBVA is not controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by any other corporation, government or any other natural or legal person. As of February 28, 2022, 
there were 815,786 registered holders of BBVA's shares, with an aggregate of 6,667,886,580 shares, of which 718 
shareholders with registered addresses in the United States held a total of 1,831,262,472 shares (including shares 
represented by American Depositary Shares evidenced by American Depositary Receipts ("ADRs")). Since 
certain of such shares and ADRs are held by nominees, the foregoing figures are not representative of the number 
of beneficial holders.

--- Page 436 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
436 
 
 
Legal Proceedings  
The Guarantor and its subsidiaries are involved in a number of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings, 
including legal claims and proceedings, civil and criminal regulatory proceedings, governmental investigations 
and proceedings, tax proceedings and other proceedings in jurisdictions around the world. Legal and regulatory 
actions and proceedings are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes, including the timing thereof, the 
amount of fines or the form of any settlements, or changes in business practices the Group may need to introduce 
as a result thereof, any of which may be material, are often difficult to predict, particularly in the early stages of a 
particular legal or regulatory matter. 
As of the date hereof, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries are involved in a number of legal and regulatory actions 
and proceedings in various jurisdictions around the world (including, among others, Spain, Mexico and the United 
States), the adverse resolution of which may adversely affect the Group. See "Risk Factors—The Group is party 
to a number of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings", "Risk Factors—The Spanish judicial authorities 
are carrying out a criminal investigation relating to possible bribery, revelation of secrets and corruption by the 
Bank." 
The Group can provide no assurance that the legal and regulatory actions and proceedings to which it is subject, 
or to which it may become subject in the future or otherwise affected by, will not, if resolved adversely, result in 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position or results of operations. 
Recent Developments 
On 28th June, 2022, BBVA announced that it will implement the IAS 29 accounting standards “Financial 
Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies” to its Group entities in Turkey, with effect from 1st January 202258. 
The impacts of such implementation will be reflected in BBVA’s consolidated financial statements as of and for 
the six months ended 30th June, 2022. 
In 2022, considering the expected annual inflation rate59 in Turkey, it is envisaged that (i) the earnings contribution 
of the Group’s entities in Turkey to the Group's results will be non-material and (ii) capital will be positively 
impacted in the coming quarters” 
 
                                                          
58 IAS 29 does not apply to BBVA’s operations outside Turkey of the Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş. group of companies and, in particular, to 
the financial statements of Garanti Bank S.A. in Romania and GarantiBank International N.V. in the Netherlands. 
59 According to BBVA Research estimates, Turkey's annual inflation rate will be around 60 per cent. in 2022, which implies a moderation in 
the quarterly inflation rate in the coming quarters.

--- Page 437 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
437 
 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer's 
country of tax residence, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. 
Preliminary consideration: Tax residence of the Issuer 
The Issuer is incorporated as a private company with limited liability under the laws of the Netherlands. On the 
basis of section 2 subsection 4 Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969, a company which is incorporated under 
Dutch law, is considered to be resident of the Netherlands for Dutch domestic tax purposes. This notwithstanding, 
the effective management of the company is currently carried out from Spain, since the key management and 
commercial decisions that are necessary to conduct the entity's business are taken from Spain. On the basis of 
such circumstance, the Issuer is also regarded as resident in Spain for tax purposes, as provided by Law 27/2014, 
of November 27, on Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades). 
Under this scenario in which the Issuer is resident for tax purposes both in Spain and in the Netherlands, the 
provisions contained in the Convention between the Netherlands and Spain for the Avoidance of Double Taxation 
with respect to Taxes on Income and on Net Wealth (the "Convention") apply. The Convention was ratified by 
Instrument made in Madrid on June 16, 1971 and was published on the Spanish National Gazette on October 16, 
1972. 
Pursuant to section 4 subsection 4 of the Convention (which deals with the general criteria followed by the 
Convention to consider a person as a resident of a Contracting State), an entity which is a resident of both Spain 
and the Netherlands is considered to be a resident of the State in which the place of its effective management is 
located (i.e., Spain). 
Responsibility for Withholding 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by 
law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will (subject to certain exceptions described in 
General Condition 7) pay such additional amounts as will result in the holders of Notes receiving such amounts 
as they would have received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
Spanish Taxation 
The following summary refers solely to certain Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the Notes 
and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which 
might be subject to special rules. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors as to the 
consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of 
Spain of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving any payments under the Notes. This summary 
is based upon the Spanish State law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date. Regional tax laws may alter the consequences outlined in this summary 
in certain circumstances. References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial owners of the Notes. 
Acquisition of the Notes 
The issue of, subscription for, transfer and acquisition of the Notes is exempt from Transfer and Stamp Tax 
(Impuesto sobre Transmisiones Patrimoniales y Actos Jurídicos Documentados) and Value Added Tax (Impuesto 
sobre el Valor Añadido). 
Taxation on the income and transfer of the Notes 
The tax treatment of the acquisition, holding and subsequent transfer of the Notes is summarised below and is 
based on the tax regime applicable to the Notes pursuant to Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004 of March 5 approving 
the consolidated text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law (Impuesto sobre la Renta de los no Residentes) , as 
amended by Law 26/2014 of November 27, 2014, Law 27/2014 of November 27, 2014 approving the consolidated 
text of the Corporate Income Tax Law (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) and Law 35/2006 of November 28, 2006 on 
Personal Tax Law (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas), as amended by Law 26/2014 of November 
27, 2014 Law 19/1991 of June 6, 1991 approving the Wealth Tax Law (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio), and Law 
29/1987 of December 18, 1987 approving the Inheritance and Gift Tax Law. Consideration has also been given

--- Page 438 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
438 
 
 
to the rules for the implementation of such regulations (Royal Decree 1776/2004 of July 30 approving the Non-
Resident Income Tax Regulations, Royal Decree 439/2007 of March 30, approving the Individuals Income Tax 
Regulations as amended by Royal Decree 1003/2014 of December 5, 2014 and Royal Decree 634/2015 of July 
10, 2015 approving the Corporate Income Tax Regulations). 
Consideration has also been given to Spanish legislation on the issuance of preferred securities and debt securities 
issued by Spanish financial and non-financial listed entities, either directly or through a subsidiary (Law 10/2014, 
and RD 1065/2007 (as amended by RD 1145/2011), approving the General Regulations relating to tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes). 
Income obtained by Noteholders who are Non-Resident Income Tax payers in Spain in respect of the Notes 
Income obtained by Noteholders who are Non-Resident Income Tax payers, both in respect of interest and in 
connection with the transfer, repayment or redemption of the Notes, whether or not through a permanent 
establishment, shall be considered Spanish source income and therefore subject to taxation in Spain under 
Legislative Royal Decree 5/2004 of March 5 approving the Consolidated Non-Resident Income Tax Law, 
amended by Law 26/2014 of November 28, 2014, without prejudice to the provisions contained in any applicable 
tax treaty for the avoidance of double taxation ("DTT"). 
Income not obtained through a permanent establishment in Spain in respect of the Notes 
Income obtained by Noteholders who are not tax resident in Spain acting for these purposes without a permanent 
establishment within Spain is exempt from Non-Resident Income Tax in the terms described under "Tax reporting 
obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor" below.  
Income obtained through a permanent establishment in Spain in respect of the Notes / Corporate Income 
Tax taxpayers 
The holding of Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself create the 
existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Income obtained by non-Spanish resident holders acting through a permanent establishment in Spain in respect 
of the Notes will be taxed under the rules provided by Chapter III of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law. These 
Noteholders will be subject to taxation substantially in the same manner as Spanish Corporate Income Tax 
taxpayers and, therefore, it shall be computed as taxable income in accordance with the general rules set out in 
the Corporate Income Tax Law and will therefore be taxed at the general current rate of 25 per cent. 
Income derived from the transfer and holding of the Notes shall not be subject to withholding tax as provided by 
Section 61(s) of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, to the extent that the Notes are traded on organised 
markets in OECD countries.  
For withholding on income derived from payment of interest, redemption or repayment of the Notes see "Taxation 
- Tax Reporting Obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor". 
In accordance with Section 61 (q) of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, there is no obligation to withhold on 
the income derived from the transfer and holding of the Notes obtained by Spanish Corporate Income Tax 
taxpayers from financial assets represented in book entries form and traded in a Spanish official secondary market. 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain 
Income obtained by Noteholders who are Personal Income Tax payers, both as interest and in connection with the 
transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes, shall be considered income on investments obtained from the 
assignment of an individual's capital to third parties, as defined in Section 25.2 of Individuals Income Tax Law

--- Page 439 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
439 
 
 
and therefore will be taxed as savings income at the applicable rate currently varying from 19 per cent. to 26 per 
cent. 
The above mentioned income will be subject to the corresponding personal income tax withholding at the 
applicable tax rate (currently 19 per cent.). Article 44 of the RD 1065/2007 has established new information 
procedures for debt instruments issued under the Law 10/2014 (which do not require identification of the 
Noteholders) and has provided that the interest will be paid by the Issuer to the Paying Agent for the whole 
amount, provided that such information procedures are complied with. 
Nevertheless, withholding tax at the applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) may have to be deducted by other 
entities (such as depositaries or financial entities), provided that such entities are resident for tax purposes in Spain 
or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor consider that, according to RD 1145/2011, they are not obliged to withhold any tax 
amount provided that the new simplified information procedures (which do not require identification of the 
Noteholders) are complied with by the Paying Agent as it is described in section "Tax Reporting Obligations of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor". 
However, regarding the interpretation of the "Tax Reporting Obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor" please 
refer to "Risk Factors – Spanish Tax Rules may impose withholding tax in certain circumstances (subject to certain 
exceptions) and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is obliged to pay additional amounts in such event." 
Notes registered in Spain in book entry form and traded in a Spanish secondary market 
There is no obligation to withhold tax on the income derived from the transfer or reimbursement of the Notes as 
provided by Section 75 3. (e) of the Personal Income Tax Regulations, to the extent that the Notes are represented 
by book entries and are traded on a Spanish regulated market, except for the part of the price which is equivalent 
to the accrued interest on any transfers which are made within the thirty days immediately prior to the maturity of 
the coupon, when the acquirer is an individual or entity not resident in Spain or is a taxable person for Corporate 
Income Tax purposes and this express income is exempt from the obligation to withhold in relation to the acquirer. 
Wealth Tax 
Under Law 19/1991, June 6, 1991, as amended, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax 
on tax year 2022 to the extent that their net worth exceeds €700,000. Therefore, they should take into account the 
value of the Notes which they hold as at December 31, 2022. 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Wealth Tax 
would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and 
rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory, exceed €700,000 would be subject to 
Wealth Tax at the applicable rates, ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent., without prejudice of any 
exemption that should be applicable and the laws and regulations in force in each Autonomous Region. 
As a consequence of the European Court of Justice Judgment (Case C-127/12), the Wealth Tax Law has been 
amended by Law 26/2014. As a result, non-Spanish tax resident individuals who are residents in the EU or in the 
European Economic Area or in a country that is not a member of the European Union as well as a country or 
territory whose citizens do not enjoy the European Union right to free movement can apply the legislation of the 
region in which the highest value of the assets and rights of the individuals are located. 
Legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax

--- Page 440 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
440 
 
 
The transfer of the Notes to individuals by inheritance, legacy or donation shall be subject to the general rules of 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) in accordance with the applicable Spanish 
and State rules even if title passes outside Spain and neither the heir nor the beneficiary, as the case may be, is 
resident in Spain for tax purposes, without prejudice to the provisions of any DTT signed by Spain. 
The effective tax rates, after applying all relevant factors, range between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. 
However, the Judgment from the European Court of Justice dated September 3, 2014 has declared that Spanish 
Inheritance and Gift Tax Law is against the principle of free movement of capital within the EU as the Spanish 
residents are granted tax benefits that, in practice, allow them to pay much lower taxes than non residents. 
According to Law 26/2014, it will be possible to apply tax benefits approved in some Spanish regions to EU 
residents following specific rules. 
In the event that the beneficiary is an entity other than a natural person, the income obtained shall be subject to 
Corporate Income Tax or Non-Resident Income Tax, as the case may be, and without prejudice, in the latter event, 
to the provisions of any DTT that may apply. 
Tax rules for payments made by the Guarantor 
Payments which may be made by the Guarantor to Noteholders, if the Guarantee is enforced, will be subject to 
the same tax rules previously set out for payments made by the Issuer. 
Tax Reporting Obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
RD 1145/2011 modified, among other provisions, article 44 of RD 1065/2007, which sets out the reporting 
obligations applicable to preference shares and debt instruments issued under Law 10/2014. The new procedures 
apply to interest deriving from preference shares and debt instruments to which Law 10/2014 refers, including 
debt instruments issued at a discount for a period equal to or less than twelve months. 
 
According to the wording of article 44.4 of RD 1065/2007, income derived from securities originally registered 
with a clearing system located in Spain, will be paid free of Spanish withholding tax in respect to non-Spanish-
resident holders (acting or not through a permanent establishment in the Kingdom of Spain) or to legal entities 
that are resident in the Kingdom of Spain for tax purposes and are subject to Corporate Income Tax, provided that 
the entities which hold values registered on its third party accounts or, if applicable, the entities that manage 
clearing systems located outside Spain which have entered into an agreement with such clearing system located 
in Spain, submit a statement to the Issuer in accordance with the form attached as annex to RD 1065/2007 (see 
"Supplementary Annex" below) with the following information: 
(i) 
identification of the securities; 
(ii) 
total amount of income; 
(iii) 
amount of income received by individual with tax residency in Spain which are subject to 
Personal Income Tax; and 
(iv) 
amount of income received that will be paid free of Spanish withholding tax. 
Notes originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain 
According to the literal wording of article 44.5 of RD 1065/2007, income derived from securities originally 
registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain, that are recognised by Spanish 
law or by the law of another OECD country (such as Euroclear or Clearstream), will be paid free of Spanish 
withholding tax provided that the Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer submits a statement to the issuer, in 
accordance with the form attached as annex to RD 1065/2007 (see "Supplementary Annex" below), with the 
following information: 
Notes originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located in Spain

--- Page 441 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
441 
 
 
(i) 
identification of the securities; and 
(ii) 
total amount of the income corresponding to each clearing house located outside Spain. 
Common References 
For these purposes, "income" means interest and the difference, if any, between the aggregate redemption price 
paid upon the redemption of the Notes and the issue price of the Notes. 
In accordance with Section 44 of RD 1065/2007, the statements mentioned above must be provided to the Issuer 
on the business day immediately prior to each interest payment date. In the event that on the date, the entities 
obliged to provide the declaration fail to do so, the Issuer or the Paying Agent on its behalf will make a withholding 
at the general rate (currently 19 per cent.) on the total amount of the return on the relevant Notes otherwise payable 
to such entity. Regarding the interpretation of Article 44 RD 1065/2007 and the new simplified information 
procedures please see "Risk Factors - Spanish Tax Rules may impose withholding tax in certain circumstances 
(subject to certain exceptions) and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is obliged to pay additional amounts in 
such event." 
Please note that this is for general information purposes only and is not intended to be nor shall it be deemed to 
be, or constitute legal advice.  
Refund by the Spanish tax authorities 
Noteholders who might otherwise have been entitled to a gross payment but in respect of whom the Principal 
Paying Agent does not provide with the relevant Supplementary Annex on or before the 10th calendar day of the 
month that follows the month in which the interest is payable may seek a refund of Spanish tax withheld directly 
from the Spanish tax authorities. 
Set out below is the Supplementary Annex in English which has been translated from the original Spanish. Such 
translation constitutes a direct, accurate and complete translation of the Spanish language text. In the event of 
any discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the Supplementary Annex and the corresponding 
English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to the Spanish language version of the relevant 
Supplementary Annex only. 
 
ANEXO SUPLEMENTARIO 
SUPPLEMENTARY ANNEX 
Anexo al Reglamento al General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria 
y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, aprobado por 
Real Decreto 1065/2007 
Annex to the General Regulations of the actions and procedures of tax administration and inspection and 
development of common rules of procedures for application of taxes, approved by Royal Decree 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General de 
las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas 
comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4, and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the actions and 
procedures of tax administration and inspection and development of common rules of procedures for application 
of taxes 
Don (nombre), 
Mr (name), 
con número de identificación fiscal (1) 
with tax identification number (1) 
en nombre y representación de (entidad declarante), 
in the name and on behalf of (the reporting entity), 
con número de identificación fiscal (1)

--- Page 442 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
442 
 
 
with tax identification number (1) 
y domicilio en 
and domicile 
en calidad de (marcar la letra que proceda): 
acting as (check the appropriate letter): 
(a) Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) Public Debt Market Participant. 
(b) Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el 
extranjero. 
(b) Clearing System outside of Spain. 
(c) Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación 
y liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties in the clearing system domiciled in 
Spain. 
(d) Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) Paying agent appointed by the issuer. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
The following statement is made according to what is on your own records: 
1. 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1. 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 
Identificación de los valores 
1.1 
Identification of the securities 
1.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) 
1.2 
Date of payment of the income (or refund if securities issued at a discount or segregated): 
1.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores 
emitidos al descuento o segregados) 
1.3  
Amount of total income (or total amount to be reimbursed, if any, are securities issued at a 
discount or segregated) 
1.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la 
Renta de las Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en 
cuyo reembolso intervenga una Entidad Gestora 
1.4 
Amount of income corresponding to taxpayers of Natural Person Income Tax, except 
segregated coupons and segregated principal in which repayment involves a Clearing System 
Direct Participant 
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse 
por su importe íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento 
o segregados) 
1.5 
Amount of income which, in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article 44, must be paid in full 
amount (or total amount to be reimbursed if they are securities issued at a discount or 
segregated) 
2. 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44 
2. 
In connection with paragraph 5 of Article 44 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores

--- Page 443 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
443 
 
 
2.1 
Identification of securities 
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) 
2.2 
Date of payment of income (or refund if the securities are issued at a discount or segregated)  
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al 
descuento o segregados) 
2.3 
Total income (or total amount to repay if securities issued at a discount or segregated) 
2.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y 
liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 
Total amount of income corresponding to the clearing system located outside of Spain A. 
2.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y 
liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 
Total amount of income corresponding to the clearing system located outside of Spain B. 
2.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y 
liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 
Total amount of income corresponding to the clearing system located outside of Spain C. 
Lo que declaro en ……………… a .… de ……………...de …. 
I stated this in ………………………………………. on .. of ……………. of ….. 
(1) En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará 
constar el número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de 
residencia. 
(1) In case of individuals, or entities, non-residents without permanent establishment shall include the 
identification number or code as appropriate in accordance with their country of residence. 
 
Irish Taxation  
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Notes. It is based on the laws and practice 
of the Revenue Commissioners currently in force in Ireland as at the date of this Base Prospectus and may be 
subject to change. The summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. The summary does 
not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only and it does not discuss all 
aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder of Notes, such as the consequences of the 
exchange or the conversion of the Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional 
advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of 
payments thereon under any laws applicable to them. 
Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
(a) 
Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest payable on a loan that may exist for a period in 
excess of one year); 
(b) 
Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being made for a period 
in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the recipient); and 
(c) 
Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by companies that 
are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax;  
at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) in the case of (a) and (b) above and at the rate of 25 per 
cent.in the case of (c) above. 
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the Issuer operate in 
Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the Notes is connected, nor are the Notes held in

--- Page 444 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
444 
 
 
Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in Ireland, then to the extent that payments of interest or annual 
payments arise on the Notes, such payments should not be regarded as payments having an Irish source for the 
purposes of Irish taxation. Similarly, the mere offering of the Notes to Irish investors or the listing of the Notes, 
for example, on Euronext Dublin (if applicable) should not cause the interest to have an Irish source. 
Accordingly, the Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer should not be obliged to deduct any 
amount on account of these Irish withholding taxes from payments made in connection with the Notes. 
Separately, for as long as the Notes are quoted on a stock exchange, a purchaser of the Notes should not be obliged 
to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in connection with the purchase of the 
Notes. 
Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Notes paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in Ireland acting on 
behalf of the beneficial owner of Notes should be subject to Irish encashment tax at a 25 per cent. rate, unless it 
is proved, on a claim made in the required manner to the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, that the beneficial 
owner of the Notes entitled to the interest or distribution is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax (or 
if resident for the purposes of tax in Ireland is entitled to an exemption from encashment tax) and such interest or 
distribution is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be income of another person that is 
resident in Ireland. 
Dutch Taxation  
The following is a general summary of certain material Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding and 
disposal of the Notes. This summary does not purport to describe all possible tax considerations or consequences 
that may be relevant to a holder or prospective holder of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax 
consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as trusts or similar arrangements) 
may be subject to special rules. In view of its general nature, this general summary should be treated with 
corresponding caution. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a Noteholder may include an individual or entity who does 
not have the legal title of these Notes, but to whom nevertheless the Notes or the income thereof is attributed based 
on specific statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or entity having an interest in the Notes or the 
income thereof.  
This summary is based on the tax laws of the Netherlands, published regulations thereunder, published 
authoritative case law and the Convention, all as in effect on the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change, 
possibly with retroactive effect. Where the summary refers to "the Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the 
part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands located in Europe. In addition, the summary is based on the assumption 
that the Notes issued by the Issuer do not qualify as equity of the Issuer for Dutch tax purposes. 
This discussion is for general information purposes only and is not Dutch tax advice or a complete description of 
all Dutch tax consequences relating to the acquisition, holding and disposal of the Notes. Holders or prospective 
holders of Notes should consult their own tax advisors regarding the Dutch tax consequences relating to the 
acquisition, holding and disposal of the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
This summary does not describe the consequences of the exchange or the conversion of the Notes. 
Tax position of the Issuer 
Under the Convention, the Issuer is considered to be solely resident of Spain for tax purposes and therefore the 
Netherlands should refrain from levying corporate income tax on profits generated by the Issuer, except if and to 
the extent such profits are allocable to a Dutch permanent establishment or permanent representative of the Issuer. 
Withholding tax 
All payments of interest and principal made by or on behalf of the Issuer under the Notes may be made free of 
withholding or deduction of, for or on account of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or 
assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, except that Dutch 
withholding tax at a rate of 25.8 per cent. (rate for 2022) may apply with respect to payments of interest made or 
deemed to be made by or on behalf of the Issuer, if the interest payments are made or deemed to be made to an 
entity related to the Issuer (within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021; Wet bronbelasting 2021) 
(see below), if such related entity:  
(a) 
is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch 
Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling

--- Page 445 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
445 
 
 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden) (a "Listed 
Jurisdiction"); or  
(b) 
has a permanent establishment located in a Listed Jurisdiction to which the interest payment is 
attributable; or  
(c) 
is entitled to the interest payment with the main purpose or one of the main purposes of avoiding taxation 
for another person or entity and there is an artificial arrangement or transaction or a series of artificial 
arrangements or transactions; or  
(d) 
is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction 
treats another entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch); or 
(e) 
is not resident in any jurisdiction (also a hybrid mismatch); or 
(f) 
is a reverse hybrid (within the meaning of Article 2(12) of the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act; Wet op 
de vennootschapsbelasting 1969), if and to the extent (x) there is a participant in the reverse hybrid 
holding a Qualifying Interest in the reverse hybrid, (y) the jurisdiction of residence of the participant 
holding the Qualifying Interest in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as transparent for tax 
purposes and (z) such participant would have been subject to Dutch withholding tax in respect of the 
payments of interest without the interposition of the reverse hybrid, 
all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021. 
Related entity 
For purposes of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021, an entity is considered an entity related to the Issuer if: 
(a) 
such entity has a Qualifying Interest (as defined below) in the Issuer;  
(b) 
the Issuer has a Qualifying Interest in such entity; or  
(c) 
a third party has a Qualifying Interest in both the Issuer and such entity.  
The term "Qualifying Interest" means a direct or indirectly held interest – either by an entity individually or jointly 
if an entity is part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep) – that enables such entity or such collaborating 
group to exercise a definite influence over another entity's decisions and allows it to determine the other entity's 
activities (within the meaning of case law of the European Court of Justice on the right of freedom of establishment 
(vrijheid van vestiging)). 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
A Noteholder who derives income or is deemed to derive income from a Note or who realises a gain from the 
disposal, deemed disposal or redemption of a Note will not be subject to Dutch taxation on such income or gain, 
provided that:  
(a) 
the Noteholder is neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes; 
(b) 
the Noteholder does not have an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in Dutch tax law) or an 
interest in an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in Dutch tax law) that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a permanent representative (vaste 
vertegenwoordiger) in the Netherlands and to which enterprise or part of that enterprise, as the case may 
be, the Notes are attributable; 
(c) 
the Noteholder is not entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise that is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands, other than by way of securities and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable; 
(d) 
the Noteholder does not have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a deemed substantial interest 
in the Issuer as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet op de inkomstenbelasting 2001) and 
will not obtain such interest under the Notes. Generally, a holder of Notes in a company is considered to 
hold a substantial interest in such company, if such holder alone or, in the case of an individual, together 
with such holder's partner for Dutch income tax purposes, or any relatives by blood or marriage in the 
direct line (including foster children), directly or indirectly, holds (i) an interest of 5 per cent. or more of 
the total issued and outstanding capital of that company or of 5 per cent. or more of the issued and 
outstanding capital of a certain class of shares of that company; or (ii) rights to acquire, directly or 
indirectly, such interest; or (iii) certain profit sharing rights in that company that relate to 5 per cent. or 
more of the company’s annual profits or to 5 per cent. or more of the company’s liquidation proceeds. A

--- Page 446 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
446 
 
 
deemed substantial interest may arise if a substantial interest (or part thereof) in a company has been 
disposed of, or is deemed to have been disposed of, on a non-recognition basis; 
(e) 
the Noteholder, and in the case of an individual, his or her partner or certain of their relatives by blood 
or marriage om the direct line (including foster children), does not have (a) a substantial interest or 
deemed substantial interest or right in a Dutch company and will not obtain, under the Notes, an 
additional interest or right in this Dutch company or (b) a substantial interest or deemed substantial 
interest in a Dutch company by reason of the acquisition or the settlement of the Notes; 
(f) 
the Notes do not entitle the Noteholder to the beneficial ownership of (a) profit participating loans or a 
right in a Dutch entity or (b) an interest in the enterprise of a Dutch tax transparent entity; 
(g) 
the Noteholder does not hold Notes that are or are treated as (a) shares (aandelen), (b) profit participating 
certificates (winstbewijzen), (c) linked to the profits, (d) profit participation rights, (e) debt characterised 
as equity for Dutch tax purposes, or (f) redeemable in exchange for, convertible into or linked to shares 
or other equity instruments issued or to be issued by a Dutch entity; 
(h) 
the Noteholder does not have an interest or could obtain an interest under the Notes in (a) real estate 
located in the Netherlands or (b) an entity of which the assets consist or have consisted, directly or 
indirectly, on a consolidated basis or not, for 30 per cent. or more, of real estate located in the 
Netherlands; and 
(i) 
if the Noteholder is an individual, the Noteholder does not derive benefits from the Notes that are taxable 
as benefits from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands (resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden in 
Nederland) as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, which include, but are not limited to, activities 
in respect of the Notes which are beyond the scope of "regular active asset management" (normaal actief 
vermogensbeheer) or benefits which are derived from the holding, whether directly or indirectly, of (a 
combination of) shares, debt claims or other rights which form a "lucrative interest" (lucratief belang). 
A lucrative interest is an interest which the holder thereof has acquired under such circumstances that 
benefits arising from this lucrative interest are intended to be a remuneration for work or services 
performed by such holder (or a person related to such holder) in the Netherlands, whether within or 
outside an employment relationship, where such lucrative interest provides the holder thereof, 
economically, with certain benefits that have a relationship to the relevant work or services. 
Under Dutch tax law a Noteholder will not be deemed a resident, domiciled or carrying on a business in the 
Netherlands by reason only of its holding of the Notes or the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under 
the Notes. 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
No gift or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to a transfer of the Notes by way of gift by, 
or on the death of, a Noteholder, unless: 
(a) 
the Noteholder is a resident or deemed to be resident of the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
Dutch tax law provisions;  
(b) 
in the case of a gift of the Notes by an individual who at the date of the gift was neither a resident nor 
deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 days after the date of the gift, 
while being a resident or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands;  
(c) 
in the case of a gift of the Notes is made under a condition precedent, the Noteholder is resident or is 
deemed to be resident of the Netherlands at the time the condition is fulfilled; or 
(d) 
the transfer is otherwise construed as a gift or inheritance made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident of the Netherlands. 
For the purpose of Dutch gift and inheritance tax, an individual who has the Dutch nationality will be deemed to 
be a resident of the Netherlands at the date of the gift or the date of his death, if he has been a resident of the 
Netherlands at any time during the ten years preceding the date of the gift or the date of his death. 
For the purposes of Dutch gift tax, an individual who does not have Dutch nationality will be deemed to be a 
resident of the Netherlands, at the date of the gift, if he has been a resident of the Netherlands at any time during 
the twelve months preceding the date of the gift. Applicable tax treaties may override deemed residency.

--- Page 447 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
447 
 
 
Value Added Tax 
No Value Added Tax (Omzetbelasting) will arise in the Netherlands in respect of any payment in consideration 
for the issue of the Notes or with respect to any payment of principal or interest by the Issuer on the Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty, other than court fees, will be payable 
in the Netherlands in respect of or in connection with the issue of the Notes or the payment of interest or principal 
by the Issuer on the Notes. 
Swiss Taxation 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) Notes 
where the holder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax presence in Switzerland or (ii) Notes where the 
paying agent is located in Switzerland. The discussion is based on legislation as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. It does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that may 
be relevant for a decision with respect to an investment in Notes. The tax treatment for each investor 
depends on the particular situation. All prospective investors / investors are advised to consult with their 
professional tax advisors as to the respective Swiss tax consequences relevant events, such as e.g. of the 
purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of Notes (or options embedded therein) in 
light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments by the Issuer on Notes are not subject to Swiss federal withholding tax provided that the Issuer is at all 
times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes.  
Swiss Income Taxation 
Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder 
(a) 
Structured Products 
If, for Swiss income tax purposes, a Note classifies as a structured product, its income tax treatment 
depends on whether the bond and the derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein are recognised, 
for Swiss income tax purposes, as separable from each other and whether the Note classifies, in terms of 
Swiss income tax law, as a structured product with or without a predominant one-time interest payment. 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the (deemed) embedded bond is not recognised, for 
Swiss tax income purposes, as separable from the (deemed) embedded derivative financial instrument(s), 
the Note classifies as a so-called "non-transparent" derivative financial instrument, meaning that any 
return over the initial investment classifies as a taxable income item. Non-transparent derivative financial 
instruments may generally be expected to include a predominant one-time interest payment in terms of 
Swiss income tax law. On this basis, Swiss resident private investors in Notes classified as non-
transparent derivative financial instruments will be taxed on any interest payments and on any gains, 
including capital and foreign exchange gains, realised on the Notes ("differential taxation method"). 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest payment: If the 
(deemed) embedded bond is recognised, for Swiss income tax purposes, as separable from the (deemed) 
embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and the yield-to-maturity at issue is considered, in terms of 
Swiss income tax law, to solely or predominantly derives from periodic interest payments and not from 
a one-time interest-payment (see below "Transparent derivative financial instruments with a 
predominant one-time interest payment"), then any periodic interest payments and any one-time interest 
payment are taxed when paid (due) to the current holder of the Note. Any gain, including in respect of 
the derivative financial instrument(s) (deemed) embedded in the Note, or e.g. interest accrued or changes 
in foreign exchange rates or the level of market interest rates realised on the sale of the Note is a tax-free 
private capital gain, whereas a loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss (see below "Capital Gains 
Taxation – Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). The same applies if a Note is 
redeemed except that interest accrued is taxed when paid on behalf of the Issuer. 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment: If the 
(deemed) embedded bond is recognised, for Swiss income tax income purposes, as separable from the 
(deemed) embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and the yield-to-maturity at issue is considered, 
in terms of Swiss income tax law, to exclusively or predominantly derives from a one-time interest-
payment such as an original issue discount or a redemption premium, and not from periodic interest

--- Page 448 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
448 
 
 
payments, then any periodic interest payments due at sale or redemption of the Note as well as any 
positive difference between the relevant Swiss income tax value of the (deemed) embedded bond at sale 
or redemption and at issuance or (secondary market) purchase, as applicable, (which difference may 
include e.g., interest accrued although not yet due on such Note or gains in respect of foreign exchange 
rate or market interest rate changes) ("modified differential taxation method") constitutes taxable income. 
A loss, as determined accordingly, realised on the sale or redemption of the Note may be offset against 
any qualifying taxable income items (including periodic interest payments) realised within the same 
taxation period from all financial instruments with a pre-dominant one-time interest component in terms 
of Swiss income tax law. Any residual return realised on the (deemed) embedded derivative financial 
instrument(s) is a tax-free private capital gain, and any residual loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital 
loss (see below "Capital Gains Taxation – Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). 
(b) 
Notes/Bonds 
Notes without a predominant one-time interest payment: If, for Swiss income tax purposes, a Note 
classifies as a pure bond and the yield-to-maturity at issue of the Note is considered, in terms of Swiss 
income tax law, to exclusively or predominantly derive from periodic interest payments and not from a 
one-time interest-payment, Swiss tax resident private investors will be taxed on the periodic and any one-
time interest payments fallen due to the current holder. Any gain (which may include e.g., interest 
accrued although not yet due on such Note or gains in respect of foreign exchange rate or market interest 
rate changes), realised on the sale of a Note is a tax-free private capital gain, whereas a loss is a non-tax-
deductible private capital loss (see below "Capital Gains Taxation – Notes held as Private Assets by a 
Swiss Resident Holder").  
Notes with a predominant one-time interest payment: If, for Swiss income tax purposes, a Note classifies 
as a pure bond and the yield-to-maturity at issue of the Note is considered, in terms of Swiss income tax 
law, to exclusively or predominantly derive from a one-time interest-payment such as an original issue 
discount or a redemption premium and not from periodic interest payments, Swiss tax resident private 
investors will be taxed on any periodic interest payments and any positive difference between the relevant 
Swiss income tax value of such Note at sale or redemption and its value at issuance or (secondary market) 
purchase, as applicable (which difference may include e.g., interest accrued although not yet due on such 
Note or gains in respect of foreign exchange  or market interest rate changes) ("differential taxation 
method"). Any losses, as determined accordingly, realised on the sale or redemption of the Note may be 
offset against any qualifying taxable income items (including periodic interest payments) realised within 
the same taxation period from all financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest component 
in terms of Swiss income tax law. 
(c) 
Pure Derivative Financial Instruments 
If a Note which classifies, for Swiss income tax purposes, as a pure derivative financial instrument (such 
as e.g., plain vanilla call or put options, on shares, commodities, precious metals, currencies or interest 
rate; whereby a Note's characterisation as a pure derivative financial instrument, for Swiss tax purposes, 
may, depending on the product, such as e.g. in the case of low exercise price call options, also depend 
on the extent of any prefunding and the product term) and such Note is held as part of the taxpayer's 
private assets in terms of Swiss income tax law, only the periodic and one-time dividend equalisation 
payments constitute taxable investment income, and any other return, including option premium 
payments and gain realised on the sale or redemption of such a Note, is a tax-exempt private capital gain, 
whereas a loss is a non-tax deductible private capital loss (see below "Capital Gains Taxation – Notes 
held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). 
(d) 
Fund-like Products 
A Note which classifies, for Swiss income tax purposes, as an interest in a collective capital investment 
scheme or as collective capital investment-like product will be considered a pass-through instrument for 
Swiss income tax purposes if dividend and interest income from, and capital gains and losses realised 
on, the underlying assets, are reported and distributed separately as required for Swiss income tax 
purposes. Under such conditions and under the condition that the Issuer reports the income items and the 
capital gain and loss items to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, an individual holding such a Note 
as part of his or her private assets must declare annually the dividend and interest distribution (in case 
the Note is distributing the income realised on the underlying investments) or the dividend and interest 
credited (in case the Note is reinvesting the income realised on the underlying investments) as taxable 
investment income (less attributable costs) on the underlying instruments. Any distributions or credits 
relating to items of qualifying capital gain on the underlying assets constitute tax-free private capital

--- Page 449 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
449 
 
 
gains and, conversely any loss attributable a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. Gain realised on the 
sale of such a Note (including gains relating to dividends and interest accrued on the underlying assets) 
is exempt from income taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss is not tax-deductible 
(see below "Capital Gains Taxation – Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). If the 
dividend and interest income from, and capital gains and losses realised on, the underlying assets, are 
not reported and distributed separately as required for Swiss income tax purposes, or the income items 
and capital gain and loss items are not reported to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, the relevant 
Swiss tax authority can determine a taxable yield on the basis of a discretionary estimate (taking into 
account the nature of the assets in which the product is invested). 
Notes held as Assets of a Business with Swiss tax nexus  
Corporate entities, and individuals who hold Notes as business assets (as opposed to private assets) in terms of 
Swiss income tax law, with relevant tax nexus to Switzerland (i.e., whether e.g. as tax residents of Switzerland or, 
in the case of non-residents, through a permanent establishment in Switzerland) are required to recognise any 
payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the sale or redemption of, any such Notes (irrespective 
of their nature) in their income statement and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for the respective taxation 
period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to individuals who are classified by the tax authorities as "professional 
securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing or leveraged investments in securities (including 
Notes).  
Swiss Capital Gains Taxation  
Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder 
A qualifying gain or a loss realised by an individual tax resident in Switzerland upon the sale or other disposal of 
a Note held as part of his or her private assets in terms of Swiss income tax law, is a tax-free private capital gain 
or a non-tax deductible private capital loss, respectively (see above under "Notes held as Assets of a Business 
with Swiss tax-nexus" for a summary of the tax treatment of individuals classified as "professional securities 
dealers"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, concerning the taxation treatment of Notes which classify as so-called 
(for Swiss income tax purposes) "non-transparent" derivative financial instruments or Notes which classify as 
Notes with a predominant one-time interest payment in terms of Swiss income tax law, see the taxation principles 
set forth above with regard to the different instruments under "Income Taxation – Notes held as Private Assets by 
a Swiss Resident Holder"). 
Notes held as Assets of a Business with Swiss tax nexus 
Capital gains realised on Notes held as assets of a business with relevant Swiss tax nexus are taxed in accordance 
with the taxation principles set forth above under "Income Taxation – Notes held as Assets of a Business with 
Swiss tax nexus". 
Swiss Federal Securities Turnover Tax 
The issue and the sale of a Note by the Issuer on the issuance day (i.e., a qualifying primary market transaction in 
terms of the Swiss federal stamp tax act) and the redemption of a Note are not subject to Swiss federal securities 
turnover tax, except that the issuance of a Note classified as a fund-like product where a Swiss domestic bank or 
a Swiss domestic securities dealer is a party to, or acts as an intermediary for, the transaction, all as defined in the 
Swiss federal stamp tax act for the relevant purpose, may be subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up 
to 0.30 per cent. on the consideration owed. 
Secondary market transactions in a Note with a maturity in excess of 12 months where a Swiss domestic bank or 
a Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party to, or acts as an 
intermediary for, the transaction, may, if no statutory exemptions apply, be subject to Swiss securities turnover 
tax at a rate of up to 0.30 per cent. of the purchase price. In contrast, a secondary market transaction in a Note is 
generally exempt from Swiss federal securities turnover tax if the Note classifies, for this purpose, as pure 
derivative financial instrument (c.f. above "Income Taxation – Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident 
Holder – Pure Derivative Financial Instruments"). 
The delivery of an Underlying, where such Underlying classifies as a taxable security for purposes of the Swiss 
federal stamp tax act, such as a stock, a bond or an interest in a fund-like product, to the holder of a Note, is subject 
to Swiss federal securities turnover tax at a rate of 0.15 per cent. if the Underlying is a taxable security issued by 
a Swiss domestic issuer and at a rate of 0.30 per cent. if the Underlying is a taxable security issued by an issuer 
not qualifying as a Swiss domestic issuer, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer is a party to, or acts as an

--- Page 450 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
450 
 
 
intermediary for, the transaction and if no exemption applies, all as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act for 
the relevant purpose. 
Swiss Gift, Inheritance and Estate Taxes 
Subject to an applicable international tax treaty in an international scenario, transfers of Notes may be subject to 
cantonal and/or communal inheritance tax, estate tax or gift tax if the deceased person had his or her last domicile 
in Switzerland, the donor is resident in Switzerland; or in the case of a deceased or donor not tax resident in 
Switzerland for the purpose of such taxes, the transfer involves an unincorporated business (partnership or sole 
proprietorship) in Switzerland and Notes are held as part of such business. No such taxes exist at the federal level. 
The tax rate depends on the relationship (i.e. the relationship between the deceased and the heirs, or between the 
donor and the donee) and the relevant value of the inheritance or gift. Interspousal gifts and gifts to descendants 
in direct line, as well as inheritances of the surviving spouse and descendants in direct line are exempt or taxed at 
privileged rates in most Swiss cantons/municipalities. Gifts and inheritances from unrelated persons are taxed at 
rates ranging from approx. 20 per cent. to 60 per cent. The taxable base is usually the market value of the asset 
transferred. 
Swiss Net Worth and Capital Taxes 
A holder of a Note who is (i) an individual and tax resident in Switzerland or (ii) a corporate tax resident in 
Switzerland or (iii) an individual or a corporate tax resident outside Switzerland holding the Note through a 
permanent establishment in Switzerland, is required to report such Note as part of the wealth tax relevant assets 
or as part of the business assets with Swiss tax nexus, as applicable, and is subject to annual cantonal and/or 
communal wealth tax or capital tax, as applicable, on any net taxable wealth (including the Notes) or net taxable 
capital, as applicable, which tax will, if such holder is an individual or corporate taxpayer resident outside of 
Switzerland holding the Note as described in clause (iii) above, be limited to the extent such net taxable wealth or 
capital, as applicable, is attributable to Switzerland. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On February 14, 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the scope 
of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Automatic exchange of tax information between States 
On November 17, 2015, the Spanish Government published Royal Decree 1021/2015, of November 13, (the 
"Royal Decree") in force since January 1, 2016 which establish the obligation on financial institutions to identify 
the tax residence of persons holding or controlling certain financial accounts and to report them to the Spanish tax 
authorities within the context of mutual assistance. 
The Royal Decree implements into Spanish domestic legislation the rules on the information to be reported to the 
tax authorities in respect of financial accounts and due diligence procedures that must be applied by affected 
financial institutions when obtaining such information per EC Council Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative 
cooperation in the field of taxation (as amended by EC Council Directive 2014/107/EU) as regards mandatory 
automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation and the provisions of article 29 bis and additional 
provision twenty-two of Spanish General Taxation Law.

--- Page 451 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
451 
 
 
Based on the Royal Decree, as amended by Royal Decree 366/2021 of May 25, BBVA may be compelled to 
provide the Spanish tax authorities with certain information in respect of certain categories of financial accounts 
held or controlled by some investors in the Notes. 
 
General  
 
Subject to the discussions below under "—Possible Application of Section 871(m) of the Code" and "—FATCA,",  
the Issuers expect to treat payments on the Notes, and any gain realised on a disposition of a Note (including at 
maturity or early settlement), as exempt from U.S. federal income tax (including withholding tax).  
 
Possible Application of Section 871(m) of the Code 
 
Section 871(m) of the Code and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder ("Section 871(m)") impose a 
withholding tax of 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate applicable to dividends) on certain "dividend equivalents" 
paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. Holders with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or 
indices that include U.S. equities.  Subject to the discussion below concerning Notes issued before January 1, 
2023, a Note linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities (a "U.S. equity linked Note") will 
generally be subject to the Section 871(m) withholding regime if at issuance it (i) has a "delta" of 0.80 or higher 
with respect to the underlying U.S. equity or (ii) substantially replicates the economic performance of the 
underlying U.S. equity, as determined by a "substantial equivalence" test that, among other factors, takes into 
account the initial number of shares of the underlying U.S. equity needed to hedge the transaction fully.  The tests 
described above are set forth in the regulations, and the applicable test will depend on the terms of the relevant 
U.S. equity linked Note. Under these rules, withholding may apply even where the relevant U.S. equity linked 
Note does not provide for any payment that is explicitly linked to a dividend.  The regulations provide for certain 
exceptions to the withholding requirements, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices (a 
"qualified index") that meet standards set forth in the regulations, as well as certain Notes that track a qualified 
index. 
Pursuant to an IRS notice, Section 871(m) will not apply to Notes issued before January 1, 2023 that do not have 
a "delta" of one with respect to any U.S. equity. If the terms of a U.S. equity linked Note are significantly modified 
(including in the event the Issuer is replaced and substituted by another entity as the principal debtor under the 
Note) and if such modification or substitution results in a deemed exchange of the Note for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, the U.S. equity linked Note will generally be treated as reissued at the time of the significant 
modification. Under Treasury regulations, certain "benchmark" rate replacements would not give rise to deemed 
exchanges for U.S. federal income tax purposes, provided that certain conditions set forth in the regulations are 
met. 
The calculations of "delta" are generally made at the "calculation date," which is the earlier of (i) the time of 
pricing of the Note, i.e., when all material terms have been agreed on, and (ii) the issuance of the Note. However, 
if the time of pricing is more than 14 calendar days before the issuance of the Note, the calculation date is the date 
of the issuance of the Note. In those circumstances, information regarding the Issuer's final determinations for 
purposes of Section 871(m) may be available only after the issuance of the Note. As a result, a Non-U.S. Holder 
should acquire such a Note only if it is willing to accept the risk that the Note is treated as subject to withholding. 
The amount of a "dividend equivalent" is equal to, for a "simple" contract, the product of (a) the per-share dividend 
amount, (b) the number of shares of the underlying U.S. equity referenced in the U.S. equity linked Note and (c) 
the delta, and, for a "complex" contract, the product of (a) the per-share dividend amount and (b) the initial hedge. 
The dividend equivalent amount will be determined on the earlier of (a) the record date of the dividend and (b) 
the day prior to the ex-dividend date.  The dividend equivalent amount will include the amount of any actual or, 
under certain circumstances, estimated dividend.  If a Note is subject to withholding in respect of dividend 
equivalents, withholding will, depending on the applicable withholding agents' circumstances, generally be 
required either (i) on the underlying dividend payment date or (ii) when cash payments are made on the relevant 
U.S. equity linked Note or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition thereof by the Non-U.S. Holder.  
The Issuer will determine whether a U.S. equity linked Note is subject to withholding under Section 871(m).  
If the Issuer has determined, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, that a U.S. equity linked Note 
should be subject to withholding under Section 871(m), the Issuer will be deemed to instruct its agents and 
withholding agents that withholding is required, unless such agent or withholding agent knows or has

--- Page 452 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
452 
 
 
reason to know otherwise.  If withholding is required, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to the amounts so withheld. 
The Issuer's determination is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS may disagree with this determination.  Section 
871(m) is complex and its application may depend on the Non-U.S. Holder's particular circumstances.  For 
example, the application of Section 871(m) may be affected if a Non-U.S. Holder enters into another transaction 
in connection with the acquisition of a U.S. equity linked Note.  Accordingly, Non-U.S. Holders should consult 
their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) to the Notes in their particular 
circumstances. 
FATCA 
 
Legislation commonly referred to as "FATCA" generally imposes a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on payments 
to certain non-U.S. entities (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain financial instruments, unless 
various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements have been satisfied. An intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States and the non-U.S. entity's jurisdiction may modify these requirements. 
FATCA generally applies to certain financial instruments that are treated as paying U.S.-source interest or 
dividends or other U.S.-source "fixed or determinable annual or periodical" income ("FDAP Income"). 
Withholding (if applicable) applies to any payment of amounts treated as U.S.-source interest or dividend 
equivalents (as discussed above under "—Possible Application of Section 871(m) of the Code”) on the Notes. The 
FATCA legislation imposes withholding also on any payment of gross proceeds of the disposition (including upon 
retirement) of Notes treated as providing for U.S.-source interest or dividends. However, under proposed 
regulations (the preamble to which specifies that taxpayers are permitted to rely on them pending finalisation) no 
withholding will apply to payments of gross proceeds (other than amounts treated as FDAP Income). Although, 
under current law, withholding under FATCA does not apply to payments of non-U.S. source income, such 
withholding could apply in the future with respect to certain payments attributable to U.S.-source income 
("foreign passthru payments").  Notes that pay only foreign passthru payments that are not treated as equity for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes and have a stated expiration date are generally grandfathered from FATCA 
withholding if issued prior to the date that is six months after final Treasury regulations that define the term 
"foreign passthru payments" are published.  However, such Notes may become subject to FATCA withholding if 
they are significantly modified after the grandfathering date (including in the event the Issuer is replaced and 
substituted by another entity as the principal debtor under the Note) if such modification or substitution results in 
a deemed exchange of the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under Treasury regulations, certain 
"benchmark" rate replacements would not give rise to deemed exchanges for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
provided that certain conditions set forth in the regulations are met. If withholding under current or future law 
applies to the Notes, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld 
under FATCA. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of FATCA 
to the Notes

--- Page 453 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
453 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealer(s) have, in a programme agreement (as further modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated 14 July 2022 agreed with the Issuer and the Guarantor a basis 
upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend 
to those matters stated under "Form of Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme 
Agreement, the Issuer (and, failing which, the Guarantor) have agreed to reimburse the Dealer(s) for certain of 
their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of 
Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealer(s) against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith. 
The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Notes, certain persons participating in the offering of the 
Tranche may engage in transactions that stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the relevant 
Notes during and after the offering of the Tranche. Specifically such persons may over-allot or create a short 
position in the Notes for their own account by selling more Notes than have been sold to them by the Issuer. Such 
persons may also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes in the open market. In addition, such 
persons may stabilise or maintain the price of the Notes by bidding for or purchasing Notes in the open market 
and may impose penalty bids, under which selling concessions allowed to syndicate members or other broker-
dealers participating in the offering of the Notes are reclaimed if Notes previously distributed in the offering are 
repurchased in connection with stabilisation transactions or otherwise. The effect of these transactions may be to 
stabilise or maintain the market price of the Notes at a level above that which might otherwise prevail for a limited 
period after the Issue Date. The imposition of a penalty bid may also affect the price of the Notes to the extent 
that it discourages resales thereof. No representation is made as to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilisation 
or other transactions. Such transactions, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time and must be brought to 
an end after a limited period. Under UK laws and regulations stabilisation activities may only be carried on by the 
Stabilisation Manager named in the Final Terms (or persons acting on its behalf) and may only continue for a 
limited period following the Issue Date (or, if the ending day would be earlier, 60 days after the date of allotment) 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult legal 
counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes64 
Each person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note will be deemed to have acknowledged, represented 
and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used 
herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that (i) it is a QIB who is also a QP, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs who are also QPs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance 
on Rule 144A, or (ii) it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. state securities laws and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set 
forth below; 
(c) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and either is a person located outside the 
United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the 
Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the date which is one year after the 
later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer 
was the owner of such Notes, only (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) inside the United States to 
a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB who is also a QP purchasing for its own account 
or for the account of a QIB who is also a QP in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, 
(iii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (iv) 
                                                          
64 In no event Notes to be offered or sold in the United States will be Book-Entry Notes

--- Page 454 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
454 
 
 
pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) 
or (v) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance 
with all applicable U.S. state securities laws; 
(d) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (c) above, if then applicable; 
(e) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs who are also QPs will be represented by one or 
more Rule 144A Global Notes, that Notes offered to Institutional Accredited Investors who are also QPs 
will be in the form of Definitive IAI Registered Notes and that Notes offered outside the United States 
in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(f) 
that the Notes, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND THE ISSUER HAS 
NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN "INVESTMENT COMPANY" UNDER THE U.S. 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "1940 ACT"). NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR 
ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, 
TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS SUCH 
TRANSACTION IS REGISTERED PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, OR 
IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH DO NOT REQUIRE THE ISSUER TO 
REGISTER UNDER THE 1940 ACT. 
BY PURCHASING THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY, EACH HOLDER OF ANY BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER 
AND FOR ANY AGENT OR SELLER WITH RESPECT TO THE NOTES THAT IT (I)(A) IS AN "ELIGIBLE 
INVESTOR" (AS DEFINED BELOW), (B) WILL HOLD AT LEAST THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION OF 
U.S.$250,000, (C) WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF APPLICABLE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS TO ANY 
SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE, INCLUDING DELIVERING TO EACH TRANSFEREE A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND, (D) IS PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNTS OF ONE OR MORE OTHER PERSONS EACH OF WHOM MEETS ALL OF THE 
PRECEDING REQUIREMENTS AND (E) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT REOFFER, RESELL, PLEDGE OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE NOTES OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN TO ANY PERSON 
EXCEPT TO A PERSON THAT MEETS ALL OF THE PRECEDING REQUIREMENTS AND AGREES NOT 
TO SUBSEQUENTLY TRANSFER THE NOTES OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN EXCEPT IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THIS CLAUSE (E) OR (II) IS NOT A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THE 
NOTES PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S. IN THE EVENT OF ANY TRANSFER 
PURSUANT TO THE PRECEDING CLAUSE (II), (1) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO HAVE 
THE NOTES SO TRANSFERRED TO BE REPRESENTED BY AN INTEREST IN THE REGULATION S 
GLOBAL NOTE (AS DEFINED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS); (2) THE TRANSFEROR WILL BE 
REQUIRED TO DELIVER A TRANSFER CERTIFICATE (THE FORM OF WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THE 
AGENCY AGREEMENT AND IS AVAILABLE FROM THE TRANSFER AGENT), AND (3) THE 
TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO CERTIFY AS TO ITS STATUS AS A NON-U.S. PERSON. ANY 
RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE MADE OTHER THAN IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS SHALL NOT BE RECOGNISED BY THE ISSUER, THE REGISTRAR OR 
ANY OTHER AGENT OF THE ISSUER. 
"ELIGIBLE INVESTORS" ARE DEFINED FOR THE PURPOSES HEREOF AS PERSONS WHO ARE 
"QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS" AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
("QIBS") THAT ARE ALSO "QUALIFIED PURCHASERS" AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(A)(51)(A) OF THE 
1940 ACT ("QPS"), ACTING FOR THEIR OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHER QIBS 
WHO ARE ALSO QPS, OR PERSONS WHO ARE INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND 
QPS, BUT EXCLUDING THEREFROM: (I) QIBS THAT ARE BROKER DEALERS THAT OWN AND 
INVEST ON A DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN U.S.$25 MILLION IN "SECURITIES" AS SUCH 
TERM IS DEFINED UNDER RULE 144A, (II) A PARTNERSHIP, COMMON TRUST FUND, SPECIAL 
TRUST, PENSION FUND, RETIREMENT PLAN OR OTHER ENTITY IN WHICH THE PARTNERS, 
BENEFICIARIES OR PARTICIPANTS, AS THE CASE MAY BE, MAY DESIGNATE THE PARTICULAR 
INVESTMENTS TO BE MADE OR THE ALLOCATION THEREOF, (III) AN ENTITY THAT WAS 
FORMED, REFORMED OR RECAPITALISED FOR THE SPECIFIC PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN THE

--- Page 455 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
455 
 
 
NOTES, (IV) ANY INVESTMENT COMPANY EXCEPTED FROM THE 1940 ACT SOLELY PURSUANT 
TO SECTION 3(C)(1) OR SECTION 3(C)(7) THEREOF AND FORMED PRIOR TO APRIL 30, 1996, THAT 
HAS NOT RECEIVED THE CONSENT OF ITS BENEFICIAL OWNERS WITH RESPECT TO THE 
TREATMENT OF SUCH ENTITY AS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER IN THE MANNER REQUIRED BY 
SECTION 2(A)(51)(C) OF THE 1940 ACT AND RULES AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER AND (V) 
ANY ENTITY THAT WILL HAVE INVESTED MORE THAN 40 PER CENT. OF ITS ASSETS IN 
SECURITIES OF THE ISSUER SUBSEQUENT TO ANY PURCHASE OF THE NOTES.  
THE PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER OR ANY DEALER RESERVE THE RIGHT 
PRIOR TO ANY SALE OR OTHER TRANSFER TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH 
CERTIFICATIONS, LEGAL OPINIONS AND OTHER INFORMATION AS THE ISSUER OR ANY DEALER 
MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE PROPOSED SALE OR OTHER TRANSFER 
COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS. EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IN THE EVENT THAT AT ANY TIME THE ISSUER 
DETERMINES OR IS NOTIFIED BY THE DEALER(S) THAT SUCH PURCHASER WAS IN BREACH, AT 
THE TIME GIVEN OR DEEMED TO BE GIVEN, OF ANY OF THE REPRESENTATIONS OR 
AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND OR OTHERWISE DETERMINES THAT ANY TRANSFER 
OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF ANY NOTES WOULD, IN THE SOLE DETERMINATION OF THE ISSUER, 
REQUIRE THE ISSUER TO REGISTER AS AN "INVESTMENT COMPANY" UNDER THE PROVISIONS 
OF THE 1940 ACT, SUCH PURCHASE OR OTHER TRANSFER WILL BE VOID AB INITIO AND WILL 
NOT BE HONORED BY THE REGISTRAR. ACCORDINGLY, ANY SUCH PURPORTED TRANSFEREE 
OR OTHER HOLDER WILL NOT BE ENTITLED TO ANY RIGHTS AS A NOTEHOLDER AND THE 
ISSUER SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES, TO 
FORCE THE TRANSFER OF OR REDEMPTION OF ANY SUCH NOTES. 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLERS OF THE NOTES MAY BE 
RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144A. TERMS WHICH ARE USED IN THIS LEGEND WHICH ARE DEFINED IN 
RULE 144A HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM UNDER SUCH RULE. 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE PURCHASED OR HELD BY (A) ANY 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT 
INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA")), (B) ANY PLAN SUBJECT TO SECTION 
4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED OR (C) ANY ENTITY WHOSE 
UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF A PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN THE 
ENTITY (WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATIONS SECTION 
2510.3-101 AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA).  
THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE THEREOF AND ANY ENTITLEMENT(S) DO NOT CONSTITUTE, 
AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE 
DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS 
AMENDED (THE "CEA"), AND TRADING IN THE SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE 
U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE CEA. THIS NOTE AND 
RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT 
THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH NOTES SENT TO THEIR 
REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES 
AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES 
OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE 
SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY 
SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING 
ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS NOTE AND ANY NOTES ISSUED 
IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS 
MADE HEREON)."; 
(g) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the 
Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the later of 
the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance of the Notes), 
it will do so only (i) (A) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the Securities 
Act or (B) to a QIB who is also a QP in compliance with Rule 144A and (ii) in accordance with all

--- Page 456 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
456 
 
 
applicable U.S. state securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a 
legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND THE ISSUER HAS NOT BEEN 
AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN "INVESTMENT COMPANY" UNDER THE U.S. INVESTMENT 
COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "1940 ACT"). NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY 
INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, 
PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS 
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, OR IS EXEMPT FROM, 
OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER 
CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH DO NOT REQUIRE THE ISSUER TO REGISTER UNDER THE 1940 ACT. 
EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE FOR THE 
BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT, IF IT SHOULD DECIDE TO DISPOSE OF THE NOTES REPRESENTED 
BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE PRIOR TO THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS 
AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION, BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS REGULATION 
S GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE OFFERED, RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH WILL NOT 
REQUIRE THE ISSUER TO REGISTER AS AN "INVESTMENT COMPANY" UNDER THE 1940 ACT. 
ACCORDINGLY, ANY TRANSFERS OF THE NOTES PRIOR TO THE TERMINATION OF THE 
DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD MAY ONLY BE MADE: (A) TO A NON-U.S. PERSON IN A 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OR (B) TO OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON IN A 
TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO RULE 144A OR REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO 
PERSONS WHO QUALIFY AS "ELIGIBLE INVESTORS" (AS DEFINED BELOW). IN THE CASE OF ANY 
SUCH TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (B), (1) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO HAVE 
THE NOTES SO TRANSFERRED TO BE REPRESENTED BY AN INTEREST IN A RULE 144A GLOBAL 
NOTE OR A DEFINITIVE IAI REGISTERED NOTE (AS DEFINED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS); (2) THE 
TRANSFEROR WILL BE REQUIRED TO DELIVER A TRANSFER CERTIFICATE (THE FORM OF 
WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND IS AVAILABLE FROM THE TRANSFER 
AGENT), AND (3) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO EXECUTE AN INVESTMENT LETTER 
(THE FORM OF WHICH IS ALSO ATTACHED TO THE AGENCY AGREEMENT) CERTIFYING, AMONG 
OTHER THINGS, ITS STATUS AS AN ELIGIBLE INVESTOR. 
"ELIGIBLE INVESTORS" ARE DEFINED FOR THE PURPOSES HEREOF AS PERSONS WHO ARE 
"QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS" AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
("QIBS") THAT ARE ALSO "QUALIFIED PURCHASERS" AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(A)(51)(A) OF THE 
1940 ACT ("QPS"), ACTING FOR THEIR OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHER QIBS 
WHO ARE ALSO QPS, OR PERSONS WHO ARE INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND 
QPS, BUT EXCLUDING THEREFROM: (I) QIBS THAT ARE BROKER DEALERS THAT OWN AND 
INVEST ON A DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN U.S.$25 MILLION IN " SECURITIES " AS SUCH 
TERM IS DEFINED UNDER RULE 144A, (II) A PARTNERSHIP, COMMON TRUST FUND, SPECIAL 
TRUST, PENSION FUND, RETIREMENT PLAN OR OTHER ENTITY IN WHICH THE PARTNERS, 
BENEFICIARIES OR PARTICIPANTS, AS THE CASE MAY BE, MAY DESIGNATE THE PARTICULAR 
INVESTMENTS TO BE MADE OR THE ALLOCATION THEREOF, (III) AN ENTITY THAT WAS 
FORMED, REFORMED OR RECAPITALISED FOR THE SPECIFIC PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN THE 
NOTES, (IV) ANY INVESTMENT COMPANY EXCEPTED FROM THE 1940 ACT SOLELY PURSUANT 
TO SECTION 3(c)(1) OR SECTION 3(c)(7) THEREOF AND FORMED PRIOR TO APRIL 30, 1996, THAT 
HAS NOT RECEIVED THE CONSENT OF ITS BENEFICIAL OWNERS WITH RESPECT TO THE 
TREATMENT OF SUCH ENTITY AS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER IN THE MANNER REQUIRED BY 
SECTION 2(a)(51)(c) OF THE 1940 ACT AND RULES AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER AND (V) 
ANY ENTITY THAT WILL HAVE INVESTED MORE THAN 40 PER CENT. OF ITS ASSETS IN 
SECURITIES OF THE ISSUER SUBSEQUENT TO ANY PURCHASE OF THE NOTES. 
EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY 
RECEIVE A LIST OF ALL PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN ITS NOTES FROM ONE OR MORE 
BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITARIES AND THAT THE PARTICIPANTS MAY FURTHER DISCLOSE TO THE 
ISSUER THE NAMES AND POSITIONS OF HOLDERS OF ITS NOTES.  
THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE THEREOF AND ANY ENTITLEMENT(S) DO NOT CONSTITUTE, 
AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, A CONTRACT OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE

--- Page 457 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
457 
 
 
DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS 
AMENDED (THE "CEA"), AND TRADING IN THE NOTES HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. 
COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE CEA"; and 
(h) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring 
any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, each Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP 
who purchases Registered Notes in definitive form offered and sold in the United States in reliance upon the 
exemption from registration provided by Regulation D of the Securities Act is required to execute and deliver to 
the Registrar an Investment Letter. Upon execution and delivery of an Investment Letter by an Institutional 
Accredited Investor who is also a QP, Notes will be issued in definitive registered form, see "Form of Notes". 
Each QIB who is also a QP who purchases Rule 144A Global Notes offered and sold in the United States in 
reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A of the Securities Act is required to execute 
and deliver to the Registrar an Investment Letter.  
The Investment Letter referred to above shall include the following representations and agreements (undefined 
terms used in this section that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
Purchaser Requirements. Notes may be offered in the United States to a purchaser who: (i) is an 
Eligible Investor (as defined below), (ii) will hold at least the minimum denomination of US$250,000, 
(iii) will provide notice of applicable transfer restrictions to any subsequent transferee (and each 
subsequent transferee will be deemed to have made the same representations and agreements contained 
in clauses (i) through (v) of this paragraph), (iv) understands that the issuer may receive a list of all 
participants holding positions in its Notes from one or more book-entry depositaries and that the 
participants may further disclose to the issuer the names and positions of holders of its Notes, and (v) is 
purchasing for its own account or for the accounts of one or more other persons each of whom meets all 
of the requirements of clauses (i) through (v) and over which it exercises sole investment discretion.  
(b) 
Notice of Transfer Restrictions. Each purchaser acknowledges and agrees that (a) the Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Issuer has not been registered as an 
"investment company" under the 1940 Act, (b) neither the Notes nor any beneficial interest therein may 
be re-offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in accordance with the provisions set out 
in paragraph (a) above and (c) the purchaser will notify any transferee of such transfer restrictions and 
that each subsequent holder will be required to notify any subsequent transferee of such Notes of such 
transfer restrictions. 
(c) 
Mandatory Transfer/Redemption. Each purchaser acknowledges and agrees that in the event that at 
any time the Issuer determines or is notified by a Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer that such purchaser 
was in breach, at the time given or deemed to be given, of any of the representations or agreements set 
out in paragraph (a) above or otherwise determines that any transfer or other disposition of any Notes 
would, in the sole determination of the Issuer or a Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer, require the Issuer 
to register as an "investment company" under the provisions of the 1940 Act, such purchase or other 
transfer will be void ab initio and will not be honoured by the Registrar. Accordingly, any such purported 
transferee or other holder will not be entitled to any rights as a Noteholder and the Issuer shall have the 
right, in accordance with the conditions of the Notes, to force the transfer of, transfer on behalf of the 
Noteholder or redeem, any such Notes. 
(d) 
Rule 144A Information. Each purchaser of Notes offered and sold in the United States under Rule 144A 
is hereby notified that the offer and sale of such Notes to it is being made in reliance upon the exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The Issuer has agreed 
to furnish to investors upon request such information as may be required by Rule 144A. 
(e) 
ERISA. If the purchaser is a U.S. person purchasing an interest in a Rule 144A Global Note, it is not a 
benefit plan investor, is not using the assets of a benefit plan investor to acquire such Notes and shall not 
at any time hold such Notes for a benefit plan investor (including assets that may be held in an insurance 
company's separate or general accounts where assets in such accounts may be deemed "plan assets" for 
purposes of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")). For 
the purposes hereof, the term "benefit plan investor" means (a) any employee benefit plan (as defined

--- Page 458 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
458 
 
 
in section 3(3) of ERISA), (b) any plan described in section 4975(e)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code, or (b) any entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of a plan's investment in 
the entity (within the meaning of the U.S. Department of Labor Regulations Section 2510.3-101 as 
modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
(f) 
Relevant Information. The purchaser has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and such other 
information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision. 
(g) 
Legends on Global Notes. Each purchaser acknowledges that each of the Rule 144A Global Note and 
the Regulation S Global Note will bear legends substantially to the effect set out in this Base Prospectus 
and that the Issuer has covenanted not to remove either such legend so long as it shall be necessary for 
the Issuer to rely on the exception to the 1940 Act. 
(h) 
Regulation S Transfers During the Distribution Compliance Period. If the purchaser has acquired a 
portion of a Regulation S Global Note in a sale or other transfer being made in reliance upon Regulation 
S, the purchaser agrees that during the Distribution Compliance Period it will not offer, resell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer such portion of such Regulation S Global Note to or for the account or benefit of any 
U.S. person other than to a person meeting the requirements set out in paragraph (a) above and in the 
legend set out on the Regulation S Global Note. 
If the purchaser is an Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP, the Investment Letter will also contain 
the following representations and agreements: 
(i) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP is an Institutional Accredited Investor within 
the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act and is a "qualified 
purchaser" within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended and the rules and regulations thereunder ("QP"), and has such knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its 
investment in the Notes, and it and any accounts for which it is acting are each able to bear the economic 
risk of its or any such accounts' investment for an indefinite period of time. 
(j) 
that, in the event that the Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP purchases Notes, it will 
acquire Notes having a minimum purchase price of at least US$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent 
in another Specified Notes Currency). 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than US$250,000 (or its 
foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors who are 
also QPs, US$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount and no Legended Note will be issued 
in connection with such a sale in a smaller nominal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on 
behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least US$250,000 (or its foreign currency 
equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors who are also QPs, US$500,000 (or its 
foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount of Registered Notes. 
Any transfer or other disposition of any Notes that would, in the sole determination of the Issuer, require the Issuer 
to register as an "investment company" under the provisions of the 1940 Act will be void ab initio, and such 
transfer or other disposition will not be recognised by the Issuer. If, at any time a Note is held by or on behalf of 
a U.S. person who is not an Eligible Investor at the time it purchases such Note the Issuer may, in its discretion 
and at the expense and risk of such holder, (a) redeem such Notes, in whole or in part, to permit the Issuer to avoid 
registration under the 1940 Act or (b) require any such holder to transfer such Notes to an Eligible Investor or to 
a non-U.S. person outside the United States or cause such Notes to be transferred on behalf of the Noteholder. 
The determination of which Notes will be redeemed or sold in any particular case is in the discretion of the Issuer. 
 
Selling Restrictions 
General Selling Restrictions 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that Notes may be directed to any category of potential 
investors unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Arranger has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that: 
(i) 
unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been or will be taken in any 
country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Notes, or

--- Page 459 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
459 
 
 
possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in such country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required; and 
(ii) 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which 
it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the 
Guarantor nor the Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Dealer(s) represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any Note comes are required by the Issuer and 
the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which 
they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all 
cases at their own expense. 
United States 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee, nor any Entitlement(s) to be delivered in respect of Notes where physical 
delivery is specified as applicable, have been or will be registered under the Securities Act and the Notes may not 
be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Notes may be offered in the United States to a purchaser: (i) who is an Eligible Investor (as defined below), (ii) 
will hold at least the minimum denomination of US$250,000 (or equivalent in the relevant currency), (iii) will 
provide notice of applicable transfer restrictions to any subsequent transferee (and each subsequent transferee will 
be deemed to have made the same representations and agreements contained in clauses (i) through (v) of this 
paragraph), (iv) understands that the issuer may receive a list of all participants holding positions in its Notes from 
one or more book-entry depositaries and that the participants may further disclose to the issuer the names and 
positions of holders of its Notes, and (v) is purchasing for its own account or for the accounts of one or more other 
persons each of whom meets all of the requirements of clauses (i) through (v) and over which it exercises sole 
investment discretion. 
Each purchaser who satisfies clauses (i) through (v) above acknowledges and agrees that in the event that at any 
time the Issuer determines or is notified by a Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer that such purchaser was in 
breach, at the time given or deemed to be given, of any of the representations or agreements set out in clauses (i) 
through (v) above or otherwise determines that any transfer or other disposition of any Notes would, in the sole 
determination of the Issuer or a Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer, require the Issuer to register as an "investment 
company" under the provisions of the 1940 Act, such purchase or other transfer will be void ab initio and will not 
be honoured by the Registrar. Accordingly, any such purported transferee or other holder will not be entitled to 
any rights as a Noteholder and the Issuer shall have the right, in accordance with the conditions of the Notes, to 
force the transfer of, transfer on behalf of the Noteholder or redeem, any such Notes. 
Such Notes will be offered by BBVA (acting through its agent BBVA Securities Inc.) (in such capacity, the 
"Initial Purchaser"). 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The Final Terms will identify 
whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.  
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that, in connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in 
reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S 
("Regulation S Notes"), that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S Notes (a) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by 
the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all 
Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. The Arranger has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the

--- Page 460 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
460 
 
 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Regulation S Notes 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
As used herein, "United States" means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia), its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction; and "U.S. person" means (i) 
an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity 
organised in or under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof or which has its principal 
place of business in the United States; (iii) any estate or trust which is subject to United States federal income 
taxation regardless of the source of its income; (iv) any trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise 
primary supervision over the administration of the trust and if one or more United States trustees have the authority 
to control all substantial decisions of the trust; (v) a pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of a 
corporation, partnership or other entity described in (ii) above; (vi) any entity organised principally for passive 
investment, 10 per cent. or more of the beneficial interests in which are held by persons described in (i) to (v) 
above if such entity was formed principally for the purpose of investment by such persons in a commodity pool 
the operator of which is exempt from certain requirements of Part 4 of the CFTC's regulations by virtue of its 
participants being non-U.S. persons; or (vii) any other "U.S. Person" as such term may be defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act or in regulations adopted under the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealer(s) may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs who are also QPs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such 
purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealer(s) may be relying on the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and one or more exemptions and/or exclusions from 
regulation under the CEA. The minimum aggregate nominal amount of Notes which may be purchased by a QIB 
pursuant to Rule 144A is US$250,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any other currency). To the extent 
that the Issuer is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer has agreed to 
furnish to holders of Notes and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, such 
information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4) so long as the Notes are considered restricted securities within 
the meaning of Rule 144A(a)(3) under the Securities Act. 
The Notes, the Guarantee and any Entitlement(s) do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of 
sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, and trading in the Notes has not 
been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission pursuant to the CEA. 
Each issuance of Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall 
be set out in the Final Terms. 
1940 Act compliance and Eligible Investors 
As described above, the Issuer has not been and will not be registered as an "investment company" under the 1940 
Act and, accordingly, the Notes may only be sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons in compliance with Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. In general, the Section 3(c)(7) exception excludes 
from the definition of an investment company any issuer whose outstanding securities are owned exclusively by 
persons who are "Qualified Purchasers" (or "QPs", as defined in Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the 1940 Act and the rules 
and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder) and that has not made a public 
offering of its securities. Consequently, the relevant Notes may only be offered, sold, resold, delivered or 
transferred (a) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, in a transaction made 
in compliance with both Rule 144A and Section 3(c)(7) under the 1940 Act to persons that are Eligible Investors 
(as defined below) or (b) outside the United States to persons that are not U.S. persons in offshore transactions in 
reliance on Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S. 
 
"Eligible Investors" are defined as persons who are QIBs and also QPs acting for their own account or for the 
account of other QIBs who are also QPs, or persons who are Institutional Accredited Investors and also QPs, but 
excluding therefrom: (i) QIBs that are broker dealers that own and invest on a discretionary basis less than US$25 
million in "securities" of unaffiliated issuers (ii) a partnership, common trust fund, special trust, pension fund, 
retirement plan or other entity in which the partners, beneficiaries or participants, as the case may be, may

--- Page 461 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
461 
 
 
designate the particular investments to be made or the allocation thereof, (iii) an entity that was formed, reformed 
or recapitalised for the specific purpose of investing in the Notes, (unless each beneficial owner of such entity is 
a QP), (iv) any investment company excepted from the 1940 Act solely pursuant to Section 3(c)(1) or Section 
3(c)(7) thereof and formed prior to April 30, 1996, that has not received the consent of its beneficial owners with 
respect to the treatment of such entity as a qualified purchaser in the manner required by Section 2(a)(51)(C) of 
the 1940 Act and rules thereunder, and (v) any entity that will have invested more than 40 per cent. of its assets 
in securities of the Issuer subsequent to any purchase of the Notes. 
 
European Economic Area (EEA) 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" will be 
selected to be [Not applicable] in Part B of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions apply: 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State"), the Arranger has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by 
the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of such Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
(b) 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or 
superseded). 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" will be 
selected to be "applicable" in Part A of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions apply: The Arranger 
has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes to any EEA retail investor. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "EEA retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or

--- Page 462 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
462 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and  
(iv)  
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
In addition to the selling restrictions set out for each Member State of the European Economic Area please see 
"Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation" above and "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" above. 
Austria 
No prospectus has been or will be approved by the Austrian Financial Market Authority 
(Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde) and/or published pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other document connected therewith may be distributed, 
passed on or disclosed to any other person in Austria, save as specifically agreed with the Dealers.  
No steps may be taken that would constitute a public offering of the Notes in Austria and the offering of the Notes 
may not be advertised in Austria. The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed 
under the programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will offer the Notes in Austria only in 
compliance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 
(Kapitalmarktgesetz), as amended, and all other laws and regulations in Austria applicable to the offer and sale of 
the Notes in Austria. 
Finland 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Notes may only be offered or sold in compliance with all applicable provisions of 
the laws of Finland and especially in compliance with the Finnish Securities Market Act (arvopaperimarkkinalaki 
(746/2012), as amended) and any regulation or rule made thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to 
time. 
France 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the Notes (including any communications 
à caractère promotionnel) have been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des Marchés 
Financiers. 
The Arranger has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Notes to the public in France. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms nor any other offering material relating to the Notes has 
been or will be:  
(a) released, issued, distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France; or  
(b) used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the Notes to the public in France. 
Such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) 
and/or to a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d'investisseurs) as defined in article 2(e) of the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") pursuant to article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier acting for their own account, as defined in, and in accordance with, articles L.411-2, D.411-2 to D.411-
4, , D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
The direct or indirect resale of Notes to the public in France may be made only as provided by, and in accordance 
with, articles L. 411-1, L. 411-2, L. 412-1 and L. 621-8 to L. 621-8-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
In addition, the Arranger and the Issuer have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will

--- Page 463 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
463 
 
 
not distribute or cause to be distributed in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes other than to investors to whom offers and sales of Notes in France may be 
made as described above. 
Germany  
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that no steps may be taken that would constitute a public offering of the Notes in Germany 
and the Notes have not been and will not be distributed, delivered, offered, sold, promoted or advertised in the 
Federal Republic of Germany other than in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation, German Notes Prospectus 
Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz), as amended, or any other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany 
governing the issue, offering and sale of securities.  
Ireland 
The Arranger has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place 
or underwrite the Notes, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of: 
(a) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the "MiFID 
II Regulations"), including, without limitation, Regulations 5 (Requirements for Authorisation (and 
certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, any rules or codes of conduct made under 
the MiFID II Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the "Companies Act"), the Central Bank Acts 1942-2015 (as 
amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as 
amended); 
(c) 
the Regulation (2017/1129), the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules and 
guidelines issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act by the Central Bank; and 
(d) 
the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 
1370 of the Companies Act. 
Portugal 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
no document, circular, advertisement or any offering material in relation to the Notes has been or will be 
subject to approval by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores 
Mobiliários, the "CMVM");  
(b) 
it has not, without the prior approval of the CMVM, directly or indirectly taken any action or offered, 
advertised, submitted to an investment gathering procedure, sold or delivered and will not, without the 
prior approval of the CMVM, directly or indirectly offer, advertise, submit to an investment gathering 
procedure, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Notes in circumstances which could qualify as a public 
offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, or the Portuguese Securities 
Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários, the "CVM"); 
(c) 
it has not, directly or indirectly, distributed and will not, directly or indirectly, distribute to the public in 
the Republic of Portugal the Base Prospectus or any document, circular, advertisements or any offering 
material in relation to the Notes, without the prior approval of the CMVM; and 
(d) 
it will comply with all applicable provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the CVM and any applicable 
CMVM regulations and all relevant Portuguese laws and regulations, in any such case that may be 
applicable to it in respect of any offer or sales of Notes by it in the Republic of Portugal.

--- Page 464 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
464 
 
 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the Republic of 
Portugal and with the Prospectus Regulation regarding the placement of any Notes in the Portuguese jurisdiction 
or to any entities which are resident in the Republic of Portugal, including the publication of a prospectus, when 
applicable, and that such placement shall only be authorised and performed to the extent that there is full 
compliance with such laws and regulations. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been cleared by the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa (the 
"CONSOB") (the Italian Securities exchange commission), pursuant to Italian Securities legislation. Accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any 
other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except (a) to qualified investors 
(investitori qualificati) as defined in Article 2, of Regulation (EU) No. 1129 of June 14, 2017 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24, 1998, as amended (the 
"Financial Services Act") and Italian CONSOB regulations; or (b) in any other circumstances which are 
exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation and the applicable 
Italian laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus (including the applicable 
Final Terms) or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be in compliance with the 
selling restrictions under (a) or (b) above and must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
February 15, 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993, 
as amended (the "Banking Act") and any other applicable laws and regulations;  
(b) 
comply with all Italian Notes, tax, exchange control and any other applicable laws and regulations or 
requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where 
applicable), pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time and/or any other competent authority. 
In accordance with Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation and the applicable Italian laws, any subsequent resale 
of the Notes on the secondary market in Italy shall be considered as a separate offer that must be made in 
compliance with the Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation and the applicable Italian laws. Pursuant to Italian 
laws, failure to comply with such rules may result in the subsequent resale of such Notes being declared null and 
void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the 
investors.  Any investor purchasing the Notes is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale of the 
Notes by such investor occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.  
Spain 
The Arranger has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that it has not offered and sold, and will not offer and sell, any Notes, in Spain, unless (i) it is 
authorised to provide investment services in Spain under Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015, of 23 October, that 
enacted the consolidated restated text of the Securities Market Law (Real  Decreto  Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 
octubre, que aprobó el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores) as amended (the "Securities Market 
Law") and the Royal Decree  on  Investment Services Companies 217/2008, of February 15 (Real Decreto 
217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el regimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás 
entidades que prestan servicios  de inversion y por el que se modifica parcialmente el Reglamento de la Ley 
35/2003, de 4 de noviembre, de Institutos de Inversión Colectiva, aprobado por el Real Decreto 1309/2005, de 4 
de noviembre) ("Royal Decree 217/2008"), and (ii) it has complied with, and will comply with, all applicable 
provisions of the Securities Market Law and any other applicable legislation in relation to any offer or sale of the 
Notes in Spain. 
Sweden 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been offered or sold and will not be offered, sold or delivered 
directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Sweden by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with the 
Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act, (SFS 1991:980 om handel med finansiella instrument).

--- Page 465 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
465 
 
 
The Netherlands  
General 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Notes may not, directly or indirectly, be, (or announced to be) offered, sold, resold, 
delivered or transferred as part of their initial distribution or at any time thereafter to, or to the order of, or for the 
account of, any person in the Netherlands other than in accordance with the aforementioned restrictions. 
Savings Certificates Act  
In addition and without prejudice to the relevant restrictions set out above, Notes that are in bearer form and that 
constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor 
or on which no interest is due whatsoever ("Zero Coupon Notes") in definitive form may only be transferred and 
accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or 
an admitted institution (toegelaten instelling) of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., admitted in a function on one or more 
markets or systems held or operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in accordance with the Savings Certificates 
Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of May 21, 1985 (as amended). No such mediation is required in respect of: 
(a) 
the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes whilst in the form of rights representing an interest in 
a Zero 
(b) 
the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof; 
(c) 
the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in 
the conduct of a business or profession; or 
(d) 
the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero 
Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Instrument 
in global form) of any particular Series are issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into the 
Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. 
In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the issue 
and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with and, in addition thereto, if such 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form do not qualify as commercial paper traded between professional borrowers 
and lenders within the meaning of the agreement of March 2, 1987 attached to the Royal Decree of March 11, 
1987 as published in the Official Gazette 1987, 129, as amended from time to time, each transfer and acceptance 
should be recorded in a transaction note, including the name and address of each party to the transaction, the 
nature of the transaction and the details and serial numbers of such Notes. 
Argentina 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Argentinian Securities 
Comission (Comisión Nacional de Valores) pursuant to the Ley de Mercados de Capitales of Argentina and 
therefore cannot be offered or sold in Argentina or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons in Argentina except 
in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a public offering. 
Chile 
The Issuer and the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered with the Chilean Commission for the Financial 
Market (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero, "CMF") pursuant to Law No. 18.045 (Ley de Mercado de 
Valores, "Securities Market Act"), as amended, of the Republic of Chile and, accordingly, no person shall offer 
or sell the Notes within Chile or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons in Chile except in circumstances 
which have not resulted and will not result in a public offering and/or in the conduct of intermediation (funciones 
de intermediación) within the meaning of Chilean law.  
The offer of any Notes pursuant to this Base Prospectus begins on the date of issuance of the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such offer of Notes complies with General Rule N°. 336 of the CMF. Since the Notes to which an offer 
relates have not been registered in the Foreign Securities Registry of the CMF, they are not subject to the 
supervision of such entity. As any offer of Notes pursuant to this Base Prospectus does not relate to registered 
securities, there is no obligation on the Issuer to deliver in Chile public information regarding the Notes. The 
Notes may not be publicly offered in Chile as long as they are not registered in the corresponding Securities 
Registry. The above paragraph has to be reproduced in Spanish in order to comply with the General Rule N°. 336. 
Therefore, the following paragraph is only a translation into Spanish of this paragraph's disclaimers and does not 
contain any additional statement.

--- Page 466 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
466 
 
 
Esta oferta comienza el día que se emitan los Final Terms. Esta oferta de valores cumple con la Norma de Carácter 
General 336 de la CMF. Dado que esta oferta versa sobre valores no inscritos en el Registro de Valores Extranjeros 
que lleva dicha Comisión, tales valores no están sujetos a la fiscalización de ésta. Como esta oferta de valores se 
refiere a valores no inscritos, no existe la obligación por parte de su emisor de entregar en Chile información 
pública respecto de dichos valores. Estos valores no podrán ser objeto de oferta pública mientras no sean inscritos 
en el Registro de Valores correspondiente. 
Colombia  
The Arranger has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Notes have not and will not be marketed, offered, sold or distributed in Colombia 
or to Colombian residents except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of securities in Colombia 
within the meaning of article 6.1.1.1.1 of Decree 2555 of 2010 as amended from time to time. The offer of the 
Notes is addressed to less than one hundred specifically identified investors. The material in this Base Prospectus 
is for the sole and exclusive use of the addressee as a determined individual/entity and cannot be understood as 
addressed for the use of any third party, including any of such party's shareholders, administrators or employees, 
or by any other third party resident in Colombia. The information contained in this Base Prospectus is provided 
for illustrative purposes only and no representation or warranty is made as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained herein. Accordingly, the Notes will not be publicly offered, marketed or negotiated in 
Colombia through promotional or advertisement activities (as defined under Colombian law) except in compliance 
with the requirements of the Colombian Financial and Securities Market Regulation (Decree 2555 of 2010, Law 
964 of 2005 and Organic Statute of the Financial System) as amended and restated, and decrees and regulations 
made thereunder. The Arranger has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge that the Notes listed in the Base Prospectus have not been registered in the National 
Securities and Issuer's Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) of the Colombian Financial 
Superintendence (Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia) or with any Colombian securities exchange or 
trading system, and therefore it is not intended for any public offer of the Notes in Colombia.  
Investors acknowledge the Colombian laws and regulations (specifically foreign exchange and tax regulations) 
applicable to any transaction or investment consummated in connection with this Base Prospectus and represent 
that they are the sole liable party for full compliance with any such laws and regulations. 
The investors represent that the investment in the Notes is a permitted investment for them under their corporate 
bylaws and/or particular investment regime that may be applicable.  
Hong Kong 
The Arranger has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge and agree, that the Notes have not been authorised by the Securities and Futures 
Commission of Hong Kong. The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are "structured products" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong ("Securities and Futures Ordinance")) other than (a) to persons whose 
ordinary business is to buy or sell shares or debentures (whether as principal or agent); (b) to 
"professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under 
that Ordinance or (c) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" 
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong 
Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Mexico 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered with the National Securities 
Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission

--- Page 467 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
467 
 
 
(Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores, or the "CNBV") and, therefore, the Notes may not be offered or sold 
in Mexico, publicly or otherwise, except that the Notes may be offered in Mexico to institutional and accredited 
investors pursuant to the private placement exception set forth in Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law 
(Ley del Mercado de Valores). 
Monaco 
The Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco Bank 
or a duly authorised Monegasque intermediary acting as a professional institutional investor which has such 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the risks and merits of 
an investment in the Fund. Consequently, this Base Prospectus may only be communicated to (i) banks, and (ii) 
portfolio management companies duly licensed by the "Commission de Contrôle des Activités Financières by 
virtue of Law n° 1.338, of September 7, 2007, and authorised under Law n° 1.144 of July 26, 1991. Such regulated 
intermediaries may in turn communicate this Base Prospectus to potential investors. 
Panama 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Superintendence of Capital 
Markets of the Republic of Panama, nor will the offer, sale or transactions regarding the Notes. The exemption 
from registration is made under number 3 of Article 129 of Unified Text of the Decree Law 1 of July 8, 1999 
(Institutional Investors). As a consequence, the tax treatment established in Articles 334 through 336 of Unified 
Text of the Decree Law 1 of July 8, 1999, is not applicable to them. The Notes are not under the supervision of 
the Superintendence of Capital Markets. 
Peru 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Notes have not and will not be placed, offered, sold, disposed of or distributed in 
Peru, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of securities in Peru within the meaning of 
Peruvian Securities laws and regulations. Accordingly, the Notes will not be the subject of a duly diffused 
invitation for subscription, acquisition or purchase of the Notes in Peru, pursuant to the Peruvian Securities Market 
Law, Decreto Legislativo 861, as amended and restated.  
The Notes may only be offered in Peru, under private offerings, complying with the Securities Market Law and 
the regulations that govern the investment policy of institutional investors such as, but not restricted to, banking 
and other financial entities, insurance entities, private pension fund managers, open ended and close ended 
collective investment schemes. The Notes acquired by institutional investors in Peru cannot be transferred to a 
third party, unless such transfer is made to another institutional investor or the Notes have been previously 
registered with the Registro Público del Mercado de Valores maintained by the Superintendencia del Mercado de 
Valores. 
The Arranger has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been subject to review by the Securities Market Superintendence 
(Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores, "SMV") and has not been registered with the Peruvian Securities 
Market Public Registry, therefore it is not intended for any public offer of the Notes in Peru. If the Notes were to 
be offered under private offerings in Peru, regulations do not impose reporting obligations with SMV, to any of 
the Issuer or the Dealers. 
Republic of Korea  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea for public 
offering in the Republic of Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act (the 
"FSCMA"). The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any 
person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of Korea or to any resident of the Republic 
of Korea except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of the Republic of Korea, including the FSCMA 
and the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law (the "FETL") and the decrees and regulations thereunder. The Notes 
may not be resold to South Korean residents unless the purchaser of the Notes complies with all applicable 
regulatory requirements (including but not limited to government reporting requirements under the FETL and its 
subordinate decrees and regulations) in connection with the purchase of the Notes.  
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any 
person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, any Notes in the Republic of Korea or to any resident of the 
Republic of Korea and will not offer, sell or deliver directly or indirectly or offer or sell to any person for re-

--- Page 468 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
468 
 
 
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, any Notes in the Republic of Korea or to any resident of the Republic of 
Korea, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, 
the FSCMA, FETL and other relevant laws and regulations of the Republic of Korea. 
 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus may only be distributed in Singapore to "accredited investors" and "institutional 
investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Act 2001, as amended from time to time ("SFA").  This Base 
Prospectus and its contents are not available to, directed to and must not be relied upon by persons in Singapore 
who are not "accredited investors" or "institutional investors" including but not limited to retail investors. 
This Base Prospectus and any other document or material issued in connection with the offer or sale of the 
Notes is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to 
the content of prospectuses would not apply. Investors should consider carefully whether the investment is 
suitable for them. 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the 
"MAS"). Accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes may not be circulated or distributed, nor may 
Notes be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly 
or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA) under Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
 
(i) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
 
(ii) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
 
Notes (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest 
(howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust 
has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
 
(i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) or to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA), or to any person where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
 
The Arranger has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been lodged with the MAS and has not been registered with the 
MAS. Accordingly, the Arranger represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes

--- Page 469 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
469 
 
 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or 
distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, the Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
 
Switzerland 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
or deemed to agree, that it will comply with (i) any laws, regulations or guidelines applicable in Switzerland (as 
amended from time to time) in relation to the marketing, offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the Notes, or the 
distribution of any marketing or offering material in respect of the Notes, in or from Switzerland. 
Restrictions for distribution of Notes to Retail Clients:  
Notes qualifying as structured products pursuant to Article 70 of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services of 
June 15, 2018 ("FinSA") may be offered to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) pursuant to Article 4 
para. 2 FinSA ("Retail Clients") in, into or from Switzerland only if a key investor document 
(Basisinformationsblatt) relating to the Notes in the sense of Article 58 et seq. FinSA ("FinSA-KID") or a key 
information document pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 and Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2017/653 
("PRIIPs-KID") has been prepared and provided to the relevant Retail Clients. If the Notes may only be offered 
to Retail Clients in the context of asset management mandates, such obligation to provide a FinSA-KID, a PRIIPs-
KID or a Swiss Simplified Prospectus would not apply. 
All clients other than professional clients (professionelle Kunden) and institutional clients (institutionelle 
Kunden), as defined in Article 4 para. 3, 4 and 5 and Article 5 para. 1 and 2 FinSA ("Professional or Institutional 
Clients"), are Retail Clients. Professional or Institutional Clients include: (a) financial intermediaries regulated 
pursuant to the Swiss Federal Banking Act of November 8, 1934, the Swiss Federal Financial Institutions Act of 
June 15, 2018 ("FinIA") or the CISA; (b) regulated insurance undertakings pursuant to the Swiss Federal 
Insurance Supervision Act of December 17, 2004; (c) foreign financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings 
subject to a similar prudential supervision as the financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings pursuant to 
(a) and (b); (d) central banks; (e) public entities with professional treasury operations; (f) pension funds and 
occupational pension schemes with professional treasury operations; (g) undertakings with professional treasury 
operations; (h) large companies that exceed two of the following thresholds: (i) a balance sheet total of CHF 20 
million, (ii) turnover of CHF 40 million, and/or (iii) own capital of CHF 2 million; (i) private investment structures 
for high-net worth individuals with professional treasury operations; and (j) Opting-out Clients. 
An "Opting-out Client" (vermögende Privatkundinnen und -kunden) is a Retail Client who confirms (i) that, 
based on the education/professional experience or based on comparable experience in the financial sector, he/she/it 
has the necessary knowledge to understand the risks resulting from an investment in the Notes and who owns, 
directly or indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 500,000, or (ii) that he/she/it owns, directly or 
indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 2 million.  
Approval of prospectus for public offering: 
If and to the extent the Notes will be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland in the meaning of the 
FinSA, or if the Notes were admitted to trading to a Swiss trading venue (e.g. SIX Swiss Exchange), a prospectus 
pursuant to the requirements of Article 40 et seq. FinSA would be required. Such requirement may be met on the 
basis of (i) an automatic recognition of this Base Prospectus in Switzerland under the rules of the FinSA by way 
of a notification of, and a registration of the Base Prospectus with, a reviewing body (Prüfstelle) within the 
meaning of Article 52 FinSA (a "Swiss Reviewing Body") pursuant to the rules of the FinSA, as implemented by 
the relevant Swiss Reviewing Body and (ii) depositing the relevant Final Terms with the Swiss Reviewing Body. 
Such a registration pursuant to (i) would be possible for a Base Prospectus that is approved by the CNMV, for 
offerings to retail investors, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"), i.e. for any Notes other than Exempt Notes.

--- Page 470 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
470 
 
 
Except where the Base Prospectus is registered with a Swiss Reviewing Body under the rules of the FinSA, neither 
this Programme nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Programme nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland, unless the requirements 
of FinSA and FinSO for such public distribution are complied with.  
Without a registration of the Base Prospectus with a Swiss Reviewing Body pursuant to the rules of the FinSA, 
the Notes may only be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland if the Notes 
(a.) are addressed solely at investors classified as Professional or Institutional Clients; (b.) are addressed at fewer 
than 500 Retail Clients; (c.) are addressed at investors acquiring securities to the value of at least CHF 100,000; 
(d.) have a minimum denomination per unit of CHF 100,000; or (e.) do not exceed a total value of CHF 8 million 
over a 12-month period. 
Taiwan 
The Notes may not be sold offered or issued to Taiwan resident investors or in Taiwan unless they are made 
available outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan (either directly or through licensed 
intermediaries) so long as no solicitation or other activities take place (A) in Taiwan or (B) otherwise in violation 
of any applicable Taiwan law or regulation.  
The Bahamas 
This Prospectus has not been registered with the Securities Commission of The Bahamas, nor have any 
applications been made to exempt such offer from the filing of a prospectus with the Securities Commission of 
The Bahamas under the Securities Industries Act, 2011. The Notes may not be offered or sold in or from within 
The Bahamas unless the offer or sale is made by a person appropriately licensed or registered to conduct securities 
business in or from within The Bahamas. The Notes may not be offered or sold to persons or entities deemed 
resident in The Bahamas pursuant to the Exchange Control Regulations, 1956 of The Bahamas unless the prior 
approval of the Exchange Control Department of the Central Bank of The Bahamas is obtained. No distribution 
of the Notes may be made in The Bahamas unless a preliminary prospectus and a prospectus have been filed with 
the Securities Commission of The Bahamas (the "Securities Commission") and the Securities Commission has 
issued a receipt for each document, unless such offering is exempted pursuant to the Securities Industry Act, 2011 
and the Securities Industry Regulations, 2012, in which case additional filing and reporting obligations under 
Bahamian law may be triggered. 
Turkey 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that no information in this Base Prospectus is provided for the purpose of offering, 
marketing and sale by any means of any capital market instruments in the Republic of Turkey. Therefore, this 
Base Prospectus may not be considered as an offer made or to be made to residents of the Republic of Turkey. 
Accordingly neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering material related to the offering may be used in 
connection with any offering to the public within the Republic of Turkey without the prior approval of the Turkish 
Capital Market Board. However, according to article 15 (d) (ii) of the Decree No.32 there is no restriction on the 
purchase or sale of the offered Notes by residents of the Republic of Turkey, provided that: they purchase or sell 
such offered Notes in the financial markets outside of the Republic of Turkey on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) 
basis; and such sale and purchase is made through banks, and/or licensed brokerage institutions authorised by the 
Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency of Turkey or licensed brokerage institutions authorised pursuant to 
the regulations of the Turkish Capital Market Board and the considerations of the purchase of such Notes is 
transferred through such licensed banks operating in the Republic of Turkey. As such, Turkish residents should 
use such licensed banks or licensed brokerage institutions when purchasing the Notes and should transfer the 
purchase price through such licensed banks operating in the Republic of Turkey. 
 
United Kingdom 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 471 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
471 
 
 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer;  
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not or, in the case of the Guarantor, would not if it was not an 
authorised person, apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and the Financial Services 
Act 2012 with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
PROHIBITION OF SALE TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" will be 
selected to be "applicable" in Part A of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions apply. The Arranger 
has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes to any UK retail investor. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "UK retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Uruguay 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Notes may only be placed in Uruguay relying on a private placement exemption 
pursuant to section 2 of Law number 18,627. The Notes are not and will not be registered with the Financial 
Services Superintendence of the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in Uruguay. 
Venezuela 
No public offering of Notes has been authorised by the National Securities Superintendence (Superintendencia 
Nacional de Valores -"SNV"). The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that (i) it shall not offer and/or sell Notes in Venezuela by 
means of a public offering, without obtaining the prior authorisation of SNV in accordance with the relevant 
provisions of the Securities Markets Act of December 30, 2015 (Decreto Ley de Mercado de Valores) and (ii) any 
offer has not been and will not be made available to the public, without the prior authorisation of SNV.

--- Page 472 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
472 
 
 
Sales outside EEA and UK only 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Sales outside EEA and UK only" as "Applicable", the 
Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Notes are not intended to be offered, distributed or sold to any investor in the 
European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom, and that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any investor in the European 
Economic Area or in the United Kingdom. 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
Restrictions on Non-exempt offers of Notes in relevant Member States 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation 
to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a "Non-exempt Offer". This Base Prospectus has been 
prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes in each Member State in relation to which the Issuer 
has given its consent as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each specified Member State a "Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction" and together the "Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions"). Any person making or intending to 
make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent 
to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5 of the Prospectus 
Regulation" and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, 
the making of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes, the Issuer and the Guarantor each accept responsibility, in 
each of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the consent of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
"Investor") who purchases any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as 
defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied 
with. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Conditions to Consent" below. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements 
in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or the Dealers has any responsibility or liability for 
the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has 
authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use 
of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes. Any Non-
exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or 
for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person who is not an Authorised Offeror, 
the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purposes 
of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it 
can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice.  
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under "Conditions to 
Consent" the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) stated in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 473 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
473 
 
 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name is published on the Guarantor's website (www.bbva.com) and identified as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above are together the "Authorised Offerors" 
and each an "Authorised Offeror". 
Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer are that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
only extends (as at the date of this Base Prospectus) to the use of this Base Prospectus to make 
Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Notes in Spain. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the only relevant Member State which may, in respect of any Tranche of 
Notes, be specified in the applicable Final Terms (if any relevant Member States are so specified) as indicated in 
(ii) above, will be Spain, and accordingly each Tranche of Notes may only be offered to Investors as part of a 
Non-exempt Offer in Spain, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES IN A NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH 
NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN 
RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL NOT 
BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS 
BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE 
RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE 
TIME OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR OR, FOR THE AVOIDANCE 
OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN 
RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES IN A NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR SHOULD BE AWARE THAT INFORMATION ON THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER BY ANY AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
SHALL BE PROVIDED AT THE TIME OF THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER BY SUCH AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR. ANY AUTHORISED OFFEROR USING THIS BASE PROSPECTUS FOR THE NOTES 
CONCERNED FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY OFFERING MUST STATE ON ITS WEBSITE THAT IT 
USES THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONSENT GIVEN AND THE 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED THERETO.  
Non-Exempt Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Notes to be offered pursuant to a Non-Exempt Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant Dealer 
at the time of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on prevailing market 
conditions at that time. The offer price at which the Authorised Offeror will offer such Notes to the Investor will 
be the Issue Price or (where agreed with the relevant Dealer) such other price as may be agreed between an 
Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Notes to such Investor. Neither the Issuer nor the 
Guarantor will be party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will 
need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering 
the Notes to such Investor.

--- Page 474 ---
474 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by 
resolutions of the sole shareholder of the Issuer and of the Directors of the Issuer dated June 8, 2022. The 
giving of the Guarantee has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Guarantor dated on April 28, 2022. 
2. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to AIAF for certain Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on its regulated market. At 
the date of filing of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer has securities of the same class as the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme listed on the following markets: Euronext Dublin, AIAF, Vienna Stock 
Exchange and Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CNMV, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The CNMV only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed under 
Spanish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Global 
Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche the relevant documentation in relation to 
Book-Entry Note being in place. 
Book-Entry Notes may also be admitted to trading on Spanish regulated markets other than AIAF, or in 
a Spanish MTF, in which case references above to AIAF will be deemed to be to such other Spanish 
regulated market. 
3. 
Documents Available 
For twelve months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-
investors/issuances-programs in the case of the documents listed at (vii) and (viii) or, in the case of the 
documents listed at (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (vi) below, on the indicated websites below or in the case of 
the documents listed at (v) below, in physical form from the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent for the time being in Madrid: 
(i) 
the Deed of Incorporation including the articles of association of the Issuer and the bylaws (with 
an 
English 
translation 
thereof) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
the 
Guarantor 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-investors/issuing-companies/); 
(ii) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended December 31, 2021 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/13661_Memoria-
BBVA-Global-Markets_2021.pdf) 
 
and 
December 
31, 
2020 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/BBVA-Global-
Marlets-B.V.-Audited-Financial-Statements-2020.pdf); 
(iii) 
the unaudited interim report corresponding to the three month period ended March 31, 2022  
published by the Guarantor on 29 April 2022 (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/04/29042022InformeResultados1T22_ENG.pdf), 
the 
audited 
consolidated financial statements in respect of the financial years ended on December 31, 2021 
(which includes for comparison purposes financial data for the years ended on December 31, 
2020 
and 
on 
December 
31, 
2019) 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/BBVA-Group-Annual-Report-and-MR-Dec-2021_ENG.pdf) 
and 
December 31, 2020, with an English translation thereof, together with the audit report prepared 
in 
connection 
therewith 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/02/03-BBVA-GROUP-Annual-Report-MR-Dec-2020.pdf)  
(iv) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer (if any) and the 
Guarantor and the most recently published condensed interim consolidated financial statements 
(if any) of the Issuer and the Guarantor (in each case with an English translation thereof), in 
each case together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith. The 
Guarantor currently prepares unaudited interim reports on a quarterly basis and audited (under

--- Page 475 ---
475 
 
 
auditing standards generally accepted in Spain) consolidated interim reports on a semi-annual 
basis (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/financials/); 
(v) 
the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement and, the Deed of Covenant,; 
(vi) 
the Guarantee (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-investors/issuing-companies/);  
(vii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(viii) 
any future prospectuses and supplements. 
This Base Prospectus including future Final Terms will be published on the website of CNMV at 
www.cnmv.es and this Base Prospectus, together with any supplements thereto, and will also be available 
at https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-investors/issuances-programs/ 
4. 
Clearing Systems 
The Book-Entry Notes to be listed into a Spanish regulated market will be accepted for clearance through 
Iberclear. The appropriate ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Iberclear will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Iberclear is Plaza de la Lealtad, nº 1, 28014 Madrid, Spain. 
The Notes may be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the Final Terms. In addition, 
application may be made for any Registered Notes to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. 
The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of such Registered Notes, together with the relevant 
ISIN and (if applicable) common code, will be specified in the Final Terms. If Notes are to clear through 
an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the Final 
Terms. The address of CREST is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited, 33 Cannon Street, London, EC4M 
5SB. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II B-120 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JK Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of 
America. 
The Notes may be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg. 
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
6. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market, 
an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the Final Terms. The yield is 
calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the Issue Price and on the assumption that the 
Notes are not subject to early redemption or cancellation or, if applicable, no Credit Event occurs. The 
yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not 
be an indication of future yield. 
7. 
Significant or Material Change 
Save as disclosed in sections relating to the Description of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
(Capital Expenditures (2021, Voluntary takeover bid for the entire share capital of Türkiye Bankasi, 
A.S.) and Recent Developments) of this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in 
the prospects of the Group since December 31, 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in 
the prospects of the Issuer since December 31, 2021.

--- Page 476 ---
476 
 
 
Save as disclosed in sections relating to the Description of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
(Capital Expenditures (2021, Voluntary takeover bid for the entire share capital of Türkiye Bankasi, 
A.S.) and Recent Developments) of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the 
financial performance or the financial position of the Group since March 31, 2022 and there has been no 
significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer since December 31, 2021. 
8. 
Litigation  
There are no, and have not been, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding 
the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer. 
As of the date hereof, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries are involved in a number of legal and regulatory 
actions and proceedings in various jurisdictions around the world (including, among others, Spain, 
Mexico and the United States). See "Risk Factors—The Group is party to a number of legal and 
regulatory actions and proceedings." 
9. 
Auditors 
KPMG Accountants, N.V., Laan van Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen, the Netherlands audited the 
Issuer's financial statements as at and for the financial year ended on December 31, 2021 and December 
31, 2020. The auditors of the Issuer are Chartered Accountants and a member of the Royal Netherlands 
Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. (registered as auditors on the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas), Paseo 
de la Castellana, 259 C, 28046 Madrid, Spain audited the Guarantor's financial statements, for the 
financial year ended on December 31, 2021 and on December 31, 2020 (which includes for comparison 
purposes financial data for the years ended on December 31, 2020 and 2019 and on December 31, 2019 
and 2018, respectively) prepared in accordance with Bank of Spain Circular 4/2017, dated November 
27, 2017, and as amended thereafter (in the following, "Circular 4/2017"), and with any other legislation 
governing financial reporting applicable to the Guarantor. 
10. 
Post–issuance information 
Save as set out in the Final Terms, the Issuer does not intend to provide and post-issuance information 
in relation to any issues of Notes. 
11. 
Dealer transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
The Issuer, the Dealer and the Guarantor are part of the same group. Accordingly, these entities engage, 
and will engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and perform other 
services for, the Group in the ordinary course of business. 
12. 
Credit Ratings 
The Programme is rated A by Standard & Poor's Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global") and 
A3 by Moody's Investors Services España, S.A. ("Moody's"). The Guarantor has been rated A by S&P 
Global, A3 by Moody's and A- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). The Issuer has been rated A 
by S&P Global and A3 by Moody's. Each of S&P Global, Moody's and Fitch is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, each of S&P Global, Moody's 
and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with such CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms and will 
not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
The Credit Ratings stated above have the following meanings according to the relevant rating agencies:  
S&P Global 
An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more

--- Page 477 ---
477 
 
 
susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in 
higher-rated categories.  
An 
S&P 
Global 
negative 
outlook 
means 
that 
a 
rating 
may 
be 
lowered. 
(Source: 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352)  
Moody's  
Obligations rated "A" are considered upper-medium-grade and are subject to low credit risk. (Source: 
https://www.moodys.com/Pages/amr002002.aspx?stop_mobi=yes)  
Fitch  
"A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments 
is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or 
economic 
conditions 
than 
is 
the 
case 
for 
higher 
ratings. 
(Source: 
https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions#rating-scales) 
13. 
Presentation of financial information 
Accounting principles 
Under Regulation (EC) no. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council of July 19, 2002, 
all companies governed by the law of an EU Member State and whose securities are admitted to trading 
on a regulated market of any Member State must prepare their consolidated financial statements for the 
years beginning on or after January 1, 2005 in conformity with International Financial Reporting 
Standards adopted by the European Union ("EU-IFRS"). The Bank of Spain issued Circular 4/2004 of 
December 22, 2004 on Public and Confidential Financial Reporting Rules and Formats (as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, "Circular 4/2004"), which requires Spanish credit institutions to adapt 
their accounting system to the principles derived from the adoption by the European Union of EU-IFRS. 
BBVA's consolidated financial statements as at and for each of the years ending December 31, 2021, 
December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 (the "Consolidated Financial Statements"), have been 
prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS reflecting Circular 4/2004 and any other legislation governing 
financial reporting applicable to the Group and in compliance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IFRS-IASB"). 
 
"EUR", "euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended;  
 
"US dollars", "US$" and "$" refer to United States dollars; and 
 
"GBP" and "£" refer to pounds sterling. 
Financial information 
The following principles should be noted in reviewing the financial information contained in this Base 
Prospectus: 
 
Unless otherwise stated, any reference to loans refers to both loans and leases. 
 
Interest income figures include interest income on non-accruing loans to the extent that cash 
payments have been received in the period in which they are due. 
 
Financial information with respect to subsidiaries may not reflect consolidation adjustments. 
 
Certain numerical information in this Base Prospectus may not sum due to rounding. In addition, 
information regarding period-to-period changes is based on numbers which have not been 
rounded.

--- Page 478 ---
478 
 
 
SIGNATORIES 
 
In witness to their knowledge and approval of the  contents  of  this  Base  Prospectus  of  BBVA Global  Markets 
B.V. it is hereby signed by the representative of BBVA Global Markets B.V. (as Issuer) and by the representative 
of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (as Guarantor). 
 
 
 
 
 
Christian Højbjerre Mortensen (authorised signatory) 
For and on behalf of BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
 
 
 
Christian Højbjerre Mortensen (authorised signatory) 
For and on behalf of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.

--- Page 479 ---
479 
 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
Calle Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
GUARANTOR 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Plaza de San Nicolas, 4 
48005 Bilbao 
Spain 
 
 
 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Azul, 4 
28050, Madrid