--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) 
incorporated under Dutch law with its seat in Amsterdam, The Netherlands but its tax residency in Spain) 
€1,000,000,000 Programme for the Issue of Warrants 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain) 
 
Under this €1,000,000,000 Programme for the Issue of Warrants (the “Programme”), BBVA Global Markets B.V. (the “Issuer”) may from time to time issue 
warrants (the “Warrants”) denominated in any currency agreed with the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
This document (this “Base Prospectus”) constitutes a base prospectus in respect of all Warrants other than Exempt Warrants (as defined below) issued under 
the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The terms and conditions of the Warrants (the “Conditions”) will 
comprise the General Conditions, each Annex specified as applicable in the completed Issue Terms (each as defined below). This Base Prospectus, any 
supplement to this Base Prospectus (a "Supplement to this Base Prospectus"), any applicable Annex and the Issue Terms for a Series will comprise the 
"Offering Documents".  
The satisfaction of the Issuer’s economic obligations (in cash and in deliverable assets) in respect of the Warrants will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed pursuant to a guarantee (the "Guarantee") entered into by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. ("BBVA" or the "Guarantor"). The Guarantor 
and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to herein as the "Group". 
Warrants may be issued in bearer or, registered form (respectively “Bearer Warrants” and “Registered Warrants”). 
Warrants may be issued whose return is linked to one or more indices (“Index Linked Warrants”), one or more shares or depositary receipts ("Equity Linked 
Warrants”), one or more inflation indices (“Inflation Linked Warrants”), one or more foreign exchange rates (“Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Warrants”), one or more exchange traded fund shares (“ETF Linked Warrants”), one or more fund shares or units (“Fund Linked Warrants”) or any 
combination thereof (“Combination Warrants”). Warrants may provide that settlement will be by way of cash settlement (“Cash Settled Warrants”) and/or 
physical delivery (“Physical Delivery Warrants”) as provided in the Issue Terms. 
Potential investors should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Warrants and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they 
consider the suitability of the relevant Warrants as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. An investment in 
Warrants may involve a high degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price of their Warrants. 
For a discussion of these risks see the “Risk Factors” section on pages 8to 3 7 below. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Warrants which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in the circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus has 
been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or Guarantor or the quality of the Warrants that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Warrants. Such approval relates only to Warrants 
that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (the "Regulated Market") or on another regulated market for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Warrants issued under the Programme during 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the "Official List") and trading on the Regulated Market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Warrants being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Warrants have been listed and admitted to the 
Official List and trading on the Regulated Market or any other stock exchange specified in the Issue Terms of the Warrants. Euronext Dublin is a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Warrants which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Warrants" are to Warrants for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Warrants.. 
Application has been made to the Vienna Stock Exchange for the approval of the Base Prospectus as Base Listing Particulars ("the “Base Listing Particulars") 
with respect to the Exempt Warrants issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading 
on the Vienna Stock Exchange's multilateral trading facility (the "Vienna MTF"). The Vienna MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Save 
where expressly provided or the context otherwise requires, where Exempt Warrants are to be admitted to trading on the Vienna MTF, or any other multilateral 
trading facility, references in this document to Base Prospectus shall be construed to be to Base Listing Particulars. Exempt Warrants may also be unlisted. 
If and to the extent the Warrants will be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland in the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services of 
15 June 2018 ("FinSA") or if the Warrants shall be admitted to trading on a Swiss trading venue in the sense of the Swiss Federal Financial Market 
Infrastructure Act of 19 June 2015 ("FMIA"), e.g. the SIX Swiss Exchange, a prospectus pursuant to the requirements of Article 40 et seq. FinSA would be 
required . Such requirement may be met on the basis of (i) an automatic recognition of this Base Prospectus in Switzerland under the rules of the FinSA by way 
of a notification of, and a registration of the Base Prospectus with, a reviewing body (Prüfstelle) within the meaning of Article 52 FinSA (a "Swiss Reviewing 
Body") pursuant to the rules of the FinSA, as implemented by the relevant Swiss Reviewing Body and (ii) depositing the relevant Final Terms with the Swiss 
Reviewing Body . Such a registration pursuant to (i) would be possible for a Base Prospectus that is approved by the by the Central Bank of Ireland, for 
offerings to retail investors, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, i.e. for any Warrants other than Exempt Warrants. 
Except to the extent the Base Prospectus is registered with the Swiss Reviewing Body under the rules of the FinSA, neither this Programme nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Warrants constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Programme nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Warrants may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland, unless the requirements of FinSA 
and FinSO for such public distribution are complied with.  
None of the Warrants constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment 
Schemes of 23 June 2006 ("CISA") and are neither subject to the authorisation nor the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority, 
FINMA and investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the CISA. 
BASE PROSPECTUS

--- Page 2 ---
2 
The Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or any U.S. state securities 
laws and may not be offered sold or delivered in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under 
the Securities Act). 
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms relating to the 
Warrants, the Warrants issued under the Programme are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in (i) the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in (ii) the United Kingdom (the “UK”)). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a “retail client ” as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or a “retail client” as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”) or within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, in each case, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in , respectively, point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
and point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”) or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) or the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA and/or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/or the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – SWISS RETAIL INVESTORS - If and to the extent the Warrants will be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly to retail clients 
(Privatkundinnen und -kunden) ("Retail Clients") pursuant to Article 4 para. 2 FinSA a key investor document (Basisinformationsblatt) in the sense of 
Article 58 et seq. of FinSA relating to the Warrants (a "FinSA-KID") would need to be prepared, unless the Retail Clients shall receive a key information 
document pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation instead of a FinSA-KID. Prior to 1 January 2022, the issuer may use a Swiss simplified prospectus in the sense of 
the CISA in its version dated 1 March 2013 ("Swiss Simplified Prospectus") instead of a FinSA-KID or a key information document pursuant to the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MIFID II/UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE TARGET MARKET – The applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Warrants may include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II Product Governance” and/or “UK MiFIR Product Governance Target Market" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Warrants and which channels for distribution of the Warrants are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Warrants (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to (i) MiFID II and/or (ii) the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 
2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules") and the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules , any Dealer subscribing for any Warrants is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Warrants, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance and/or the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
EU BENCHMARK REGULATION – Amounts payable under the Notes or assets deliverable under the Notes may be calculated or otherwise determined by 
reference to certain reference rates, indices or other variables, which may constitute a benchmark under  the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) (the “BMR”). If any such reference rate, index or variable does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Issue Terms in respect of any Notes which 
are not Exempt Notes will indicate whether or not the administrator thereof is included in (i) the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA Register") pursuant to Article 36 of the BMR. Not every reference rate, index or 
variable will fall within the scope of the BMR. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the BMR may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Issue Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the BMR is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update any Issue Terms to 
reflect any change in the registration status of any administrator.  
The Issuer is incorporated under Dutch law and has its seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but has its tax residency in Spain. The Guarantor is 
incorporated and has its tax residency in Spain. Potential investors should note the statements on pages 245 to 250 (inclusive) regarding the tax 
treatment in Spain of income obtained in respect of the Warrants. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may agree with the relevant Dealer that Warrants may be issued in a form not contemplated by the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants” set out herein, in which event a Supplement to this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Warrants. 
In connection with any offering of Warrants under this Base Prospectus, the Dealer are not acting for anyone other than the Issuer and will not be responsible to 
anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their clients nor for providing advice in relation to the offering.  
 
Arranger and Dealer 
BBVA 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 1 July 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
Notice of the Aggregate Number of Warrants, the issue price per Warrant and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants”) of Warrants (other than in the 
case of Exempt Warrants) will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which will be filed with the 
Central Bank and published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). In the 
case of Exempt Warrants, notice of the Aggregate Number of Warrants, the issue price per Warrant and certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the "Pricing 
Supplement"). 
References herein to "Issue Terms" mean either (i) where the Warrants are not Exempt Warrants, the applicable Final 
Terms or (ii) where the Warrants are Exempt Warrants, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references should be 
construed accordingly. Copies of the Issue Terms will be available from the specified office set out below of the Principal 
Warrant Agent (as defined below). 
The Issuer and the Guarantor (the "Responsible Persons") accept responsibility for the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Warrants issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Responsible Persons the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. Other than in relation to the documents which are 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which 
this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this document 
has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Dealer(s) have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty 
or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealer(s) as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to 
the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with (a) this Base Prospectus or (b) any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Warrants and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Warrants (a) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealer(s) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or any Warrants should purchase any Warrants. Each investor contemplating 
purchasing any Warrants should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its 
own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Warrants constitutes an offer or invitation by 
or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Dealer(s) to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Warrants. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Warrants shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and/or the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent 
to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealer(s) expressly do not undertake to review 
the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor 
in the Warrants of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
WARRANTS GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Warrants in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Warrants may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Dealer(s) do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Warrants 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer(s) which is intended to permit a 
public offering of any Warrants or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Warrants may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither the Offering Documents nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession the 
Offering Documents or any Warrants may come must inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions on the 
distribution of the Offering Documents and the offering and sale of Warrants. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of the Offering Documents and the offer or sale of Warrants in, without limitation, the United States, 
Switzerland, United Kingdom and the EEA (including, without limitation, Spain, the Republic of Italy, Germany and 
France) (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
In all cases, Warrants must not be offered, distributed or sold to Spanish Residents (as defined under “Subscription and 
Sale—Spain”, below) who are retail clients as defined under point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II (see “Subscription and 
Sale—Spain”). 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Warrants with an issue price per Warrant 
of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) only in circumstances where there is an exemption from the 
obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus or if the Warrants are admitted to trading on a 
regulated market on the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation. As a result, any offer of Warrants in any member state of the EEA (each, a 
"Relevant State") must be made pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Warrants. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer 
of Warrants in that relevant Member State may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, unless specified 
otherwise in the applicable Final Terms  
 
This document does not constitute a a simplified prospectus in the sense of the CISA in its version dated 1 March 2013 
nor a key investor document (Basisinformationsblatt) relating to the Warrants in the sense of Article 58 et seq. FinSA. 
The Warrants do not constitute a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the CISA. Therefore, they 
are not subject to authorisation by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA and potential 
investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the CISA. Investors bear the credit 
risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE WARRANTS HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY 
THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE “SEC”), ANY STATE SECURITIES 
COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHERU.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY 
OFFERING OF WARRANTS OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer(s) makes any representation to any investor in the Warrants regarding the 
legality of its investments under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Warrants should be able to bear the economic 
risk of an investment in the Warrants for an indefinite period of time. 
The Warrants may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential purchaser of Warrants should realise that 
investing in the Warrants entails significant risks and may not be appropriate for purchasers lacking financial expertise. 
Prospective purchasers should consult their own financial, tax and legal advisors as to the risks entailed by an investment 
in such Warrants and the suitability of such Warrants in light of their particular circumstances and ensure that its 
acquisition is fully consistent with their financial needs and investment policies, is lawful under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation and/or in which it operates, and is a suitable investment for it to make. Each potential 
investor in the Warrants must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisors, whether it: 
(a) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Warrants, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Warrants and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Prospectus or any applicable Supplement to this Base Prospectus and all the information contained in the 
Issue Terms; 
(b) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Warrants and the impact the Warrants will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Warrants, 
including Warrants with amounts payable in one or more currencies, or where the specified currency for 
payments of the Warrants is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) understands thoroughly the terms of the Warrants and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; 
(e) in respect of Warrants linked to the performance of, without limitation, one or more, or a combination of, 
underlying shares or depositary receipts, indices, rates of interest, other rates, foreign exchange rates, 
exchange traded fund shares, funds, inflation indices and/or entities (together, “Reference Items” and each, 
a “Reference Item”) (in respect of such Warrants, together, “Reference Item Linked Warrants” and each 
a “Reference Item Linked Warrant”), understands thoroughly (if necessary, in consultation with the 
investor’s own legal, tax, accountancy, regulatory, investment or other professional advisers) the nature of 
each such Reference Item Linked Warrant; and 
(f) is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer or any affiliate of BBVA has given, and will not give, to any potential 
investor in the Warrants (either directly or indirectly) any assurance, advice, recommendation or guarantee as to the 
merits, performance or suitability of such Warrants, and the investor should be aware that the Issuer is acting as an 
arm’s-length contractual counterparty and not as an advisor or fiduciary. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the 
terms of the Warrants being offered, including the merits and risks involved. 
No website referred to in this Base Prospectus forms part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  ............................................................................................. 7 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................................ 8 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................................................... 39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS  ........................................................................................... 40 
ANNEX 1 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS  .......................................................... 63 
ANNEX 2 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS . ....................... 84 
ANNEX 3 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS . ..................... 97 
ANNEX 4 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS ............................. 113 
ANNEX 5 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS  ........................ 130 
ANNEX 6 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED WARRANTS…………141 
 
ANNEX 7 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) 
RATE LINKED WARRANTS ............................................................................................................................... 147 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS. ........................................................................ 158 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS ................................................................... 188 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................. 215 
FORMS OF WARRANTS ..................................................................................................................................... 216 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE WARRANTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM .................. 220 
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V ........................................................................................ 225 
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA S.A ............................................................. 228 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................................ 247 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  .............................................................................................................................. 257 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................. 269

--- Page 7 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
7 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms 
or the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Warrants. The issue terms of each Tranche of Warrants will 
be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer(s) prior to the issue of such Tranche. The issue terms of each 
Tranche of Warrants other than Exempt Warrants will be set out and completed by Part A of the applicable Final Terms 
or as modified and/or supplemented, as applicable. The issue terms of each Tranche of Exempt Warrants, will be set out 
in a pricing supplement documented by Part A of the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
 
Warrants may be issued whose return is linked to one or more indices ("Index Linked Warrants"), one or more shares or 
depositary receipts ("Equity Linked Warrants"), one or more inflation indices ("Inflation Linked Warrants"), one or 
more exchange traded fund shares ("ETF Linked Warrants"), one or more fund shares or units ("Fund Linked 
Warrants"), one or more foreign exchange rates ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrants") or any 
combination thereof ("Combination Warrants") as more fully described herein. Warrants may provide that settlement 
will be by way of cash settlement ("Cash Settled Warrants") and/or physical delivery ("Physically Settled Warrants") 
as provided in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 8 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
8 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Warrants, investors expose themselves to the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor may become 
insolvent, subject to early intervention or resolution measures, or otherwise be unable to make all payments due 
in respect of the Warrants. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect 
their ability to fulfil their obligations under Warrants issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are 
contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Warrants 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Warrants issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to make 
payments or otherwise perform its obligations in connection with any Warrants may occur for other reasons 
which may not be considered significant risks by either the Issuer or the Guarantor based on information 
currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should 
also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
Prospective investors in the Warrants should consider carefully, among other things in the light of their financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, all of the information in this Base Prospectus and, in particular, the risk 
factors set forth below (which each of the Issuer and the Guarantor, in its reasonable opinion, believes represent 
or may represent the risk factors known to it which may affect the Issuer’s and/or the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Warrants) in making an investment decision. Warrantholders may lose the value of their 
entire investment in certain circumstances. 
References herein to “BBVA” or to the “Bank” shall be read and construed as references to the Guarantor.  
The Risk Factors set out below appear under the following headings:  
1. 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer. 
1.1 
The Issuer is dependent on the Guarantor to make payments on the Warrants 
1.2 
Certain considerations in relation to the forum upon insolvency of the Issuer  
2. 
Risk Factors relating to the Guarantor.  
2.1. 
Macroeconomic Risks and COVID-19 Consequences 
2.2. 
Business Risks  
2.3. 
Financial Risks  
2.4. 
Legal, Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks  
2.5. 
Operational Risks 
3. 
Risk Factors relating to the Warrants. 
3.1 
The Warrants may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  
3.2 
Risk Factors associated with Warrants that are linked to one or more specific types of Reference 
Items. 
3.3 
Risk Factors associated generally with Warrants that are linked to Reference Item(s). 
3.4 
Risk Factors relating to the structure of a particular issue of Warrants  
3.5 
Risk Factors regarding the Warrants generally.

--- Page 9 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
9 
1. 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer 
1.1 The Issuer is dependent on the Guarantor to make payments on the Warrants 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor which was established for the purpose of, among 
others, issuing Warrants and on-lending the proceeds within the Group. The Issuer is therefore dependent upon 
other members of the Group paying interest on and repaying their loans in a timely fashion. Should the Guarantor 
fail to pay interest on or repay any loan in a timely fashion this will have a material adverse effect on the ability 
of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under Warrants issued under the Programme.  
By virtue of its dependence on the Guarantor, each of the risks described below that affect the Guarantor will 
also indirectly affect the Issuer. 
1.2 Certain considerations in relation to the forum upon insolvency of the Issuer  
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the court having jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings and the law 
applicable to those proceedings and their effects will be determined in accordance with the provisions of Council 
Regulation (EC) No 848/2015, of 20 May 2015, on insolvency proceedings ("Regulation 848/2015"), the Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May 2020, that approved the reinstated provisions of the Spanish Insolvency 
Law 22/2003, of 9 July 2003, as amended (the "Spanish Insolvency Law") and the Dutch Insolvency Law 
(faillissementswet) of 30 September 1893, as amended (the "Dutch Insolvency Law"). Pursuant to these 
provisions, the courts of the place where the Issuer has its centre of main interests shall have jurisdiction to open 
insolvency proceedings against it and the law applicable to the insolvency proceedings and their effects will be 
the law of the place where such proceedings are opened.  
Under Regulation 848/2015 the centre of main interests should correspond to the place where the debtor 
conducts the administration of its interests on a regular basis and is therefore ascertainable by third parties. In the 
case of a company or legal person, Regulation 848/2015 presumes, in the absence of proof to the contrary, that 
the place of its registered office is the centre of its main interests. Based on this presumption a Dutch court may 
consider that it has jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. Notwithstanding this 
presumption, it is arguable that the centre of main interests of the Issuer should be considered to be located in 
Spain and that the Spanish courts should be the courts with jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against it. 
In addition, even if the centre of main interests of the Issuer were not in Spain, the Spanish court could still open 
insolvency proceedings (named territorial insolvency proceedings) if they consider that the Issuer has an 
establishment within the territory of Spain, the effects of which would be limited to the assets of the Issuer 
situated in Spain. 
Warrantholders should be aware that, in accordance with the above, in the case of an eventual insolvency of the 
Issuer, there is uncertainty as to whether the insolvency proceedings would be opened in the Netherlands or in 
Spain. 
2. 
Risk Factors relating to the Guarantor 
The description of the risks inherent to the activity of the BBVA Group, its businesses and its operations, as well 
as the quantitative information on the different risks, based on data referring to the 2020, 2019 and 2018 financial 
years, and, where appropriate, data referring to the three-month period ended 31 March 2021, are described in 
this section and it complements what is included in the Consolidated Annual Accounts and Consolidated 
Management Report for the year ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 and the quarterly report for the three 
months ended 31 March 2021.  
In the Chapter of Risk Management of the Management Report attached to the Consolidated Annual Accounts 
for 2020, both the risk factors and the risk principles and policies of the BBVA Group are indicated, as well as 
the corporate governance scheme on risk management, the internal control model and the tools, circuits and 
relevant procedures.  
The main risk factors that the BBVA Group takes into consideration at the date of this Base Prospectus are 
detailed below.

--- Page 10 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
10 
2.1 Macroeconomic Risks and COVID-19 Consequences 
The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic is adversely affecting the Group  
The COVID-19 (coronavirus) pandemic has affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, the world 
economy and economic activity and conditions in the countries in which the Group operates, despite the recent 
gradual improvement warranted by the increasing inoculation of effective vaccines. Among other challenges, 
these countries are still dealing with very high unemployment levels, weak activity, supply disruptions and 
increasing inflationary pressures, while public debt has increased significantly due to support and spending 
measures implemented by government authorities. In addition, there has been an increase in debt defaults by both 
companies and individuals, volatility in the financial markets, in exchange rates and in the value of assets and 
investments, all of which have adversely affected the Group’s results in 2020, and are expected to continue 
affecting the Group’s results in the future. 
Furthermore, the Group has been and may be affected by the measures or recommendations adopted by 
regulatory authorities in the banking sector, including but not limited to, the recent reductions in reference 
interest rates, the relaxation of prudential requirements, the suspension of dividend payments , the adoption of 
moratorium measures for bank customers and guarantees by public entities of certain provisions of credit, 
especially to companies and self-employed individuals, as well as changes in the financial asset purchase 
programmes.. 
Since the outbreak of COVID-19, the Group has experienced a decline in its activity. For example, the granting 
of new loans to individuals has significantly decreased since the beginning of the state of emergency or periods 
of confinement decreed in certain countries in which the Group operates. In addition, the Group faces various 
risks, such as an increased risk of volatility in the value of its assets (including financial instruments valued at 
fair value, which may suffer significant fluctuations) and of the securities held for liquidity reasons, a possible 
significant increase in non-performing loans and risk-weighted assets and, a negative impact on the Group's cost 
of financing and on its access to financing (especially in an environment where credit ratings are affected). As of 
30th March, 2021 less than 8 per cent of the Group’s exposure at default (EAD) is estimated to relate to 
borrowers in certain industries facing particularly challenging conditions as a result of the COVID 19 pandemic, 
specifically leisure, real estate, non-food retailers, and air transportation. 
In addition, in several of the countries in which the Group operates, including Spain, the Group closed the 
branches and reduced opening hours of working with the public, depending on the confinement measures 
established in each geography, and the teams that provide central services have had to work remotely, and 
continue to do so. While these measures were progressively reversed in most regions, additional restrictions on 
mobility could be adopted that affect the Group’s operations. The COVID-19 pandemic could also adversely 
affect the business and operations of third parties that provide critical services to the Group and, in particular, the 
greater demand and/or reduced availability of certain resources could in some cases make it more difficult for the 
Group to maintain the required service levels. Furthermore, the increase in remote working has increased the 
risks related to cybersecurity, as the use of non-corporate networks has increased. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has had an adverse effect on the Group's results for the year ended 31st December, 
2020 as well as on the Group’s capital base as of 31st December, 2020. For information on the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on the Group, see “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects ―Operating 
Results― Factors Affecting the Comparability of our Results of Operations and Financial Condition―The 
COVID-19 Pandemic” of the Form 20-F. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has also exacerbated, and is likely to continue to exacerbate, other risks disclosed in 
this section, including but not limited to risks associated with the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers and 
counterparties or collateral, any withdrawal of European Central Bank's (ECB) funding (of which the Group has 
made and continues to make significant use), the Group’s exposure to sovereign debt and rating downgrades, the 
Group’s ability to comply with its regulatory requirements, including MREL (as defined herein) and other capital 
requirements, and the deterioration of economic conditions or changes in the institutional environment. 
The final magnitude of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations, which is expected to be significant, will depend on future and uncertain events, including 
the intensity and persistence over time of the consequences arising from the COVID-19 pandemic in the different 
geographies in which the Group operates. 
 
A deterioration in economic conditions or the institutional environment in the countries where the Group 
operates could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of

--- Page 11 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
11 
operations 
The Group is sensitive to the deterioration of economic conditions or the alteration of the institutional 
environment of the countries in which it operates, and especially of Spain, Mexico and Turkey, which 
respectively represented 54.9 per cent., 15.3 per cent. and 8.2 per cent. of the Group's assets as of 31st March , 
2021 (55.1 per cent., 15.0 per cent. and 8.1 per cent. as of 31st December, 2020, respectively). Additionally, the 
Group is exposed to sovereign debt, particularly sovereign debt related to these geographies. “Item 5. Operating 
and Financial Review and Prospects—Operating Results—Operating Environment” of the Form 20-F 
summarises some of the challenges that these countries are currently facing and that, therefore, could 
significantly affect the Group. . 
Currently, the world economy is facing several exceptional challenges. In particular, the crisis derived from the 
COVID-19 pandemic has abruptly and significantly deteriorated the economic conditions of the countries in 
which the Group operates, leading many of them to an economic recession in 2020. Furthermore, this crisis could 
lead to a deglobalisation of the world economy, produce an increase in protectionism or barriers to immigration, 
fuel the trade war between the United States and China and result in a general withdrawal of international trade 
in goods and services, as well as having other effects of long duration that transcend the pandemic itself. Added 
to this is the uncertainty regarding the UK’s exit from the EU (Brexit). The long-term effects of Brexit will 
depend on the relationship between the UK and the EU following its exit from the European Single Market, 
which took place on 31st December, 2020 and the implementation of the trade agreement ratified by the 
European Parliament on April 28, 2021. Furthermore, in a scenario as uncertain as the current one emerging 
economies (to which the Group is significantly exposed, particularly in the case of Mexico and Turkey) could be 
particularly vulnerable to a trade war or if there were changes in the financial risk appetite. Likewise, the 
possible triggering of a disorderly deleveraging process in China would pose a significant risk to these 
economies. 
Thus, the Group faces, among others, the following general risks to the economic and institutional environment 
in which it operates: a deterioration in economic activity in the countries in which it operates, which could lead 
to further economic recession in some or all of those countries; more intense deflationary pressures or even 
deflation; variations in exchange rates; a very low interest rate environment, or even a long period of negative 
interest rates in some regions where the Group operates; an unfavourable evolution of the real estate market, to 
which the Group remains significantly exposed; very low oil prices; changes in the institutional environment in 
the countries in which the Group operates that could lead to sudden and sharp falls in GDP and/or regulatory 
changes; a growing public deficit that could lead to downgrades in sovereign debt credit ratings and even a 
possible default or restructuring of such debt; and episodes of volatility in markets, such as those currently being 
experienced, which could lead the Group to register significant losses. 
2.2 Business Risks 
The Group’s businesses are subject to inherent risks concerning borrower and counterparty credit quality, 
which have affected and are expected to continue to affect the recoverability and value of assets on the 
Group’s balance sheet 
The total maximum credit risk exposure of the Group as of 31st March, 2021 was €754,123 million (€749,524 
million, €809,786 million and €763,082 million as of 31st December, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively). The 
Group has exposures to many different products, counterparties and obligors and the credit quality of its 
exposures can have a significant effect on the Group’s earnings. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the 
Group’s borrowers and counterparties or collateral, or in their behaviour or businesses, may reduce the value of 
the Group’s assets, and materially increase the Group’s write-downs and loss allowances. Credit risk can be 
affected by a range of factors, including an adverse economic environment, reduced consumer, corporate or 
government spending, changes in the rating of individual contractual counterparties, their debt levels and the 
environment in which they operate, increased unemployment, reduced asset values, increased retail or corporate 
insolvency levels, reduced corporate profits, changes (and the timing, quantum and pace of these changes) in 
interest rates, counterparty challenges to the interpretation or validity of contractual arrangements or provisions 
and legal and regulatory developments. 
Non-performing or impaired customer loans have been adversely affecting, and are expected to continue to 
adversely affect, the Group's results given the increasing economic uncertainty. As of 31st March, 2021 and 31st 
December, 2020, the Group had a 4.3 per cent. and 4.2 per cent. non-performing loan (NPL) ratio (as defined 
in“Alternative Performance Measures” of the Management Report 2020) compared to 3.8 per cent. and 3.9 per 
cent. as of 31st December, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, NPL ratios 
progressively improved due in part to the low interest rates, which improved clients' ability to pay. However,

--- Page 12 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
12 
NPLs are expected to significantly increase once payment moratorium measures adopted by governments due to 
the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic are lifted. 
In addition, it is possible that the current scenario of economic deterioration results in a decrease in the prices of 
real estate assets in Spain and other countries., given the Group’s exposure to these markets). 
As of 31st December, 2020, the Group's exposure to the construction and real estate sectors (excluding the 
mortgage portfolio) in Spain was equivalent to €10,024 million, of which €2, 565 million corresponded to loans 
for construction and development activities in Spain (representing 1.6 per cent. of the Group's loans and 
advances to customers in Spain (excluding the public sector) and 0.3 per cent. of the Group's consolidated 
assets). The Group continues to be exposed to the real estate market, mainly in Spain, due to the fact that many 
of its loans are secured by real estate assets, due to the significant volume of real estate assets that it maintains on 
its balance sheet, and due to its shareholding in real estate companies such as Metrovacesa, S.A. and Divarian 
Propiedad, S.A (Divarian). The total real estate exposure, (excluding the mortgage portfolio), including 
developer credit, foreclosed assets and other assets, reflected a coverage ratio of 53 per cent. in Spain as of 31st 
December, 2020. A fall in the prices of real estate assets in Spain (or in other countries where the Group has 
significant real estate exposure such as Mexico) would reduce the value of the shareholdings referred to above, 
as well as the value of any real estate securing loans granted by the Group and, therefore, in the event of default, 
the amount of the “expected losses” related to such loans would increase. In addition, it could also have a 
significant adverse effect on the default rates of the Group's residential mortgage portfolio, the balance of which, 
as of 31 March, 2021, was €91,438 million at a global level (as of 31st December, 2020, 2019 and 2018, €91,428 
million, €110,534 million and €111,526 million, respectively). 
The magnitude, timing and pace of any increase in default rates will be key for the Group. Furthermore, it is 
possible that the Group has incorrectly assessed the creditworthiness or willingness to pay of its borrowers and 
counterparties, that it has underestimated the credit risks and potential losses inherent in its credit exposure and 
that it has made insufficient provisions for such risks in a timely manner. These processes, which have a crucial 
impact on the Group's results and financial condition, require difficult, subjective and complex calculations, 
including forecasts of the impact that macroeconomic conditions could have on these borrowers and 
counterparties. In particular, the processes followed by the Group to estimate the losses derived from its exposure 
to credit risk may prove to be inadequate or insufficient in the current environment of high economic uncertainty, 
which could affect the adequacy of the provisions for insolvencies provided by the Group. An increase in non-
performing or low-quality loans could significantly and adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
The Group’s business is particularly vulnerable to interest rates  
The Group’s results of operations are substantially dependent upon the level of its net interest income, which is 
the difference between interest income from interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing 
liabilities. As of 31st March, 2020 and 31st December, 2019, the interest margin with respect to the gross margin 
was 70 per cent. and 74 per cent., respectively. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the 
Group’s control, including fiscal and monetary policies of governments and central banks, regulation of the 
financial sector in the markets in which it operates, domestic and international economic and political conditions 
and other factors. In this sense, the COVID-19 pandemic has triggered a process of cuts in reference interest 
rates, which, moreover, will likely take time to be raised and, if raised, interest rates will likely increase at a 
slower rate than previously foreseen. It is possible that changes in market interest rates, which could be negative 
in some cases, and the ongoing benchmark reforms affect the Group’s interest earning assets differently from the 
Group’s interest bearing liabilities This, in turn, may lead to a reduction in the Group's net interest margin, which 
could have a significant adverse effect on its results. Moreover, the ongoing benchmark reforms expose the 
Group to other significant risks, including legal and operational risks. 
Furthermore, if interest rates were to increase in some or all of the markets, this could reduce the demand for 
credit and the Group's ability to generate credit for its clients, as well as contribute to an increase in the default 
rate. As a result of the above, the evolution of interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to risks related to the continued existence of certain reference rates and the transition to 
alternative reference rates 
In recent years, international regulators have been driving a transition from the use of interbank offer rates 
(IBORs), including the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR), the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) and 
the euro overnight index average(EONIA), to alternative risk free rates (RFRs). This has resulted in regulatory 
reform and changes to existing IBORs, with further changes anticipated. These reforms and changes may cause

--- Page 13 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
13 
an IBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. For example, in 2017, the U.K. 
Financial Conduct Authority announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the 
calculation of LIBOR after 2021, and EONIA modified its methodology on October 2, 2019 and will likely be 
discontinued as from January 2022. In November 2019, the determination methodology for EURIBOR was 
changed to a new hybrid methodology using transaction-based data and other sources of data. See further “Risk 
Factors associated with Warrants that are linked to one or more specific types of Reference Items - The reform of 
"Benchmarks" may adversely affect the market value of the Warrants”Uncertainty as to the nature and extent of 
such reforms and changes, and how they might affect financial instruments, may adversely affect the valuation or 
trading of a broad array of financial instruments that use IBORs, including any EURIBOR, EONIA or LIBOR-
based securities, loans, deposits and derivatives that are issued by the Group or otherwise included in the Group’s 
financial assets and liabilities. Such uncertainty may also affect the availability and cost of hedging instruments 
and borrowings. The Group is particularly exposed to EURIBOR-based financial instruments. 
It is not possible to predict the timing or full effect of the transition to RFRs. As a result of such transition, the 
Group will be required to adapt or amend documentation for new and the majority of existing financial 
instruments, and may be subject to disputes (including with customers of the Group) related thereto, either of 
which could have an adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations. The implementation of any alternative 
RFRs may be impossible or impracticable under the existing terms of certain financial instruments. Such 
transition could also result in pricing risks arising from how changes to reference rates could impact pricing 
mechanisms in some instruments, and could have an adverse effect on the value of, return on and trading market 
for such financial instruments and on the Group’s profitability. In addition, the transition to RFRs will require 
important operational changes to the Group’s systems and infrastructure as all systems will need to account for 
the changes in the reference rates. 
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
The Group faces increasing competition  
The markets in which the Group operates are highly competitive and it is expected that this trend will continue in 
the coming years with the increasing entry of non-bank competitors (some of which have large client portfolios 
and strong brand recognition) and the emergence of new business models as indicated by the report of the 
Financial Stability Board (the FSB) on FinTech and market structure in financial services. Although the Group is 
making efforts to anticipate these changes, betting on its digital transformation, its competitive position is 
affected by the regulatory asymmetry that benefits non-bank operators. For example, banking groups are subject 
to prudential regulations that have implications for most of their businesses, including those in which they 
compete with non-bank operators that are only subject to regulations specific to the activity they develop or that 
benefit from loopholes in the regulatory framework. Furthermore, when banking groups carry out financial 
activities through the use of new technologies, they are generally subject to additional internal governance rules 
that place such groups at a competitive disadvantage. 
Moreover, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including cryptocurrencies and payment systems, could 
require substantial investment to modify or adapt existing products and services as the Group continues to 
increase its mobile and internet banking capabilities. Likewise, the increasing use of these new technologies and 
mobile banking platforms could have an adverse impact on the Group's investments in facilities, equipment and 
employees of the branch network. A faster pace of transformation towards mobile and online banking models 
could require changes in the Group's commercial banking strategy, including the closure or sale of some 
branches and the restructuring of others, and reductions in employees. These changes could result in significant 
expenses as the Group Group reconfigures and transforms its commercial network. Failure to effectively 
implement such changes efficiently and on a timely basis could have a material adverse impact on the Group's 
competitive position or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition or 
results of operations. 
As indicated in the Relevant Event published 8 June 2021, BBVA reached an agreement with the union 
representatives on the collective layoff process for Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. in Spain initiated in 
13 April 2021 that will affect 2,935 employees. The agreement also includes the closing of 480 branches. The 
cost of the process is estimated at €960 million before taxes, of which 720 million correspond to the collective 
layoff and 240 million to the closing of branches. 
 
The Group faces risks related to its acquisitions and divestitures

--- Page 14 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
14 
The Group has both acquired and sold various companies and businesses over the past few years. On 1 June 
2021, the Group announced the closing of the sale of BBVA USA and certain other Group companies in the US. 
Other recent transactions include the sale of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria Paraguay, S.A. (BBVA 
Paraguay), Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria Chile, S.A. (BBVA Chile)and the Cerberus Transaction . For 
additional information, see “History and Development of BBVA - Capital Divestitures”.  
The Group may not complete any ongoing or future transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis or 
at all and, if completed, they may not obtain the expected results. In addition, if completed, the Group’s results of 
operations could be adversely affected by divestiture or acquisition-related charges and contingencies. The 
Group may be subject to litigation in connection with, or as a result of, divestitures or acquisitions, including 
claims from terminated employees, customers or third parties. In the case of an acquisition, the Group may be 
liable for potential or existing litigation and claims related to an acquired business, including because either the 
Group is not indemnified for such claims or the indemnification is insufficient. Further, in the case of a 
divestiture, the Group may be required to indemnify the buyer in respect of similar or other matters, including 
claims against the divested entity or business. 
In the case of an acquisition, even though the Group reviews the companies it plans to acquire, it is often not 
possible for these reviews to be complete in all respects and there may be risks associated with unforeseen events 
or liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses that may not have been revealed or properly assessed 
during the due diligence processes, resulting in the Group assuming unforeseen liabilities or an acquisition not 
performing as expected. In addition, acquisitions are inherently risky because of the difficulties that may arise in 
integrating people, operations and technologies. There can be no assurance that any of the businesses the Group 
acquires can be successfully integrated or that they will perform well once integrated. Acquisitions may also lead 
to potential write-downs that adversely affect the Group’s results of operations. 
Any of the foregoing may cause the Group to incur significant unexpected expenses, may divert significant 
resources and management attention from the Group’s other business concerns, or may otherwise have a material 
adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group faces risks derived from its international geographic diversification and its significant presence in 
emerging countries 
The Group is made up of commercial banks, insurance companies and other financial services companies in 
various countries and its performance as a global business depends on its ability to manage its different 
businesses under various economic, social and political conditions, facing different normative and regulatory 
requirements in many of the jurisdictions in which it operates (including, among others, different supervisory 
regimes and different tax and legal regimes related to the repatriation of funds or the nationalisation or 
expropriation of assets).  
In addition, the Group's international operations may expose it to risks and challenges to which its local 
competitors may not be exposed, such as currency risk, the difficulty in managing or supervising a local entity 
from abroad, political risks (which could affect only foreign investors) or limitations on the distribution of 
dividends, thus worsening its position compared to that of local competitors. 
There can be no guarantee that the Group will be successful in developing and implementing policies and 
strategies in all of the countries in which it operates, some of which have experienced significant economic, 
political and social volatility in recent decades. In particular, the Group has significant operations in several 
emerging countries, such as Mexico and Turkey, and is therefore vulnerable to the deterioration of these 
economies. Emerging markets are generally affected by the conditions of other commercially or financially 
related markets and by the evolution of global financial markets in general (they may be affected, for example, 
by the evolution of interest rates in the United States and the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar), as well as, in 
some cases, by fluctuations in the prices of commodities. The perception that the risks associated with investing 
in emerging economies have increased, in general, or in emerging markets where the Group operates, in 
particular, could reduce capital flows to those economies and adversely affect such economies, and therefore the 
Group. Moreover, emerging countries are more prone to experience significant changes in inflation and foreign 
exchange rates, which may have a material impact on the Group’s results of operations, assets (including risk-
weighted assets (RWAs )) and liabilities. 
The Group's operations in emerging countries are also exposed to heightened political risks, such as changes in 
governmental policies, expropriation, nationalisation, interest rate limits, exchange controls, government 
restrictions on dividends and adverse tax policies. For example, the repatriation of dividends from BBVA’s 
Venezuelan and Argentinean subsidiaries is subject to certain restrictions and there is no assurance that further 
restrictions will not be imposed.

--- Page 15 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
15 
If the Group failed to adopt effective and timely policies and strategies in response to the risks and challenges it 
faces in each of the regions where it operates, particularly in emerging countries, the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
Since the Group’s loan portfolio is highly concentrated in Spain, adverse changes affecting the Spanish 
economy could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition 
The Group has historically carried out its lending activity mainly in Spain, which continues to be one of its 
primary business areas, such that as of 31st December, 2020, total risk in financial assets in Spain (calculated as 
set forth in item (c) of Appendix IX (Additional information on risk concentration) of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements) amounted to €236,016 million, equivalent to 42 per cent. of the Group’s total risk in financial 
assets. The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on the Spanish economy and the sovereign fiscal 
position. Spanish GDP is estimated to have contracted around 11.0 per cent. in 2020, as the pandemic and the 
measures adopted to slow its spread brought about a sharp reduction in economic activity in the first half of the 
year, which was among the most severe within the Eurozone. The sharp decline in economic activity and 
measures adopted to support the economy have given rise to concerns about public debt sustainability in the 
medium and long term. In addition, while increases in unemployment have been limited by the implementation 
of short-time work schemes, as these measures are withdrawn in 2021, unemployment is expected to rise. 
Further, while economic recovery is expected to be boosted by the implementation of EU-level initiatives, in 
particular the financial support linked to the Next Generation EU plan, there are risks as to the capacity of the 
Spanish economy to absorb the EU funds and translate the support to productive investment. In addition, the 
Spanish economy is particularly sensitive to economic conditions in the Eurozone, the main export market for 
Spanish goods and services. The Group’s gross exposure of loans and advances to customers in Spain totalled 
€195,983 million as of 31st December 2020, representing 61 per cent. of the total amount of loans and advances 
to customers included on the Group’s consolidated balance sheet. The Group’s Spanish business includes 
extensive operations in Catalonia, which represented 16 per cent. of the Group’s assets in Spain as of 31st 
December, 2020 (18 per cent. as of 31st December, 2019). While social and political tensions have generally 
declined since 2017, if such tensions were to increase, this could lead to scenarios of uncertainty, volatility in 
capital markets and a deterioration of economic and financing conditions in Spain. 
Given the relevance of the Group’s loan portfolio in Spain, any adverse change affecting economic conditions in 
Spain could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
2.3 Financial Risks 
The Group has a continuous demand for liquidity to finance its activities and the withdrawal of deposits or 
other sources of liquidity could significantly affect it 
Traditionally, one of the Group's main sources of financing has been savings accounts and demand deposits. As 
of 31st March , 2021, the balance of customer deposits represented 70 per cent. of the Group's total financial 
liabilities at amortised cost. However, the volume of wholesale and retail deposits can fluctuate significantly, 
including as a result of factors beyond the Group's control, such as general economic conditions, changes in 
economic policy or administrative decisions that diminish their attractiveness as savings instruments (for 
example, as a consequence of changes in taxation, coverage by guarantee funds for deposits or expropriations) or 
competition from other savings or investment instruments (including deposits from other banks). 
Likewise, changes in interest rates and credit spreads may significantly affect the cost of the Group’s short and 
long-term wholesale financing. Changes in credit spreads are driven by market factors and are also influenced by 
the market’s perception of the Group's solvency. As of 31st March, 2021, debt securities issued by the Group 
represented 12.1 per cent. of the total financial liabilities at amortised cost of the Group. 
In addition, the Group has made and continues to make significant use of public sources of liquidity, such as the 
ECB extraordinary measures taken in response to the financial crisis since 2008 or those taken in connection with 
the crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The ECB announced in December 2020 the new conditions of its 
Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operations III programme, increasing the maximum amount that BBVA may 
receive from €35,000 million to €38,500 million and extending the enhanced conditions in terms of cost by one 
additional year until June 2022. As of 31st March, 2021, €38,392 million had been borrowed by BBVA (€35,032 
million was drawn down as of 31st December, 2020, €21,000 million as of June 2020 and €7,000 million as of 
each of March 2020 and December 2019). However, the conditions of this or other programmes could be revised 
or these programmes could be cancelled. 
In the event of a withdrawal of deposits or other sources of liquidity, especially if it is sudden or unexpected, the 
Group may not be able to finance its financial obligations or meet the minimum liquidity requirements that apply

--- Page 16 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
16 
to it, and may be forced to incur higher financial costs, liquidate assets and take additional measures to reduce 
leverage. Furthermore, BBVA could be subject to the adoption of early intervention measures or, ultimately, to 
the adoption of a resolution measure by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority(see “Regulatory Framework 
– Resolution” of the Universal Registration Document of the Guarantor dated 10 June 2021, available at 
www.bbva.com (URD)). Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
The Group and some of its subsidiaries depend on their credit ratings and sovereign credit ratings  
Rating agencies periodically review the Group's debt credit ratings. Any reduction, effective or anticipated, in 
any such ratings of the Group, whether below investment grade or otherwise, could limit or impair the Group's 
access to capital markets and other possible sources of liquidity and increase the Group’s financing cost, and 
entail the breach or early termination of certain contracts or give rise to additional obligations under those 
contracts, such as the need to grant additional guarantees. The Group estimates that if at 31st December, 
2020,rating agencies had downgraded BBVA's long-term senior debt rating by one notch, it would have had to 
provide additional guarantees/collateral amounting to €36.3 million under its derivative and other financial 
contracts. A hypothetical two-notch downgrade would have involved an outlay of €66.8 million in additional 
guarantees/collateral. Furthermore, if the Group were required to cancel its derivative contracts with some of its 
counterparties and were unable to replace them, its market risk would worsen. Likewise, a reduction in the credit 
rating could affect the Group's ability to sell or market some of its products or to participate in certain 
transactions, and could lead to the loss of customer deposits and make third parties less willing to carry out 
commercial transactions with the Group (especially those that require a minimum credit rating), having a 
significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, the Group's credit ratings could be affected by variations in sovereign credit ratings, particularly the 
rating of Spanish sovereign debt. The Group holds a significant portfolio of debt issued by the Kingdom of 
Spain, by the Spanish autonomous communities and by other Spanish issuers. As of 31 March, 2021 and 31st 
December 2020, the Group's exposure to the Kingdom of Spain's public debt portfolio was €49,575 million and 
€46,401 million, respectively, representing 7 per cent. and 6 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the 
Group, respectively. Any decrease in the credit rating of the Kingdom of Spain could adversely affect the 
valuation of the respective debt portfolios held by the Group and lead to a reduction in the Group's credit ratings. 
Additionally, counterparties to many of the credit agreements signed with the Group could also be affected by a 
decrease in the credit rating of the Kingdom of Spain, which could limit their ability to attract additional 
resources or otherwise affect their ability to pay their outstanding obligations to the Group. 
As a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, some rating agencies have reviewed the Group's credit ratings or 
trends. Specifically, on 22nd June, 2020 Fitch announced the modification of BBVA’s senior preferred debt 
long-term to A- with stable outlook from A with Rating Watch Negative. On 1st April, 2020, DBRS confirmed 
BBVA’s long-term rating of A (High) and maintained the outlook as stable. On 24th June, 2021, S&P confirmed 
BBVA's long-term rating of A- and changed its outlook from negative to stable. There may be more ratings 
actions and changes in BBVA’s credit ratings in the future as a result of the crisis caused by the COVID-19 
pandemic, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The Group's ability to pay dividends depends, in part, on the receipt of dividends from its subsidiaries  
Some of the Group’s operations are conducted through BBVA’s subsidiaries. As a result, BBVA’s results (and 
its ability to pay dividends) depend in part on the ability of its subsidiaries to generate earnings and to pay 
dividends to BBVA. Due, in part, to the Group's decision to follow a 'Multiple Point of Entry' strategy, in 
accordance with the framework for the resolution of financial entities designed by the FSB, the Group’s 
subsidiaries are self-sufficient and each subsidiary is responsible for managing its own capital and liquidity. This 
means that the payment of dividends, distributions and advances by the Group’s subsidiaries to BBVA depends 
not only on the results of those subsidiaries, but also on the context of their operations and liquidity needs, and 
may be further limited by legal, regulatory and contractual restrictions. For example, in response to the crisis 
caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, certain restrictions were adopted that affect the distribution and/or 
repatriation of dividends from some of the Group's subsidiaries. There is no assurance that these restrictions will 
not remain in effect or, where lifted, reinstated, or that similar or new restrictions will not be imposed in the 
future. Furthermore, the Group's right, as a shareholder, to participate in the distribution of assets resulting from 
the eventual liquidation or any reorganisation of its subsidiaries will be effectively subordinated to the rights of 
the creditors of those subsidiaries, including their commercial creditors.  
Any reduction in payment of dividends, distributions and advances by the Group’s subsidiaries to the Guarantor

--- Page 17 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
17 
could potentially affect the fulfillment of the Guarantor’s obligations under the Guarantee. 
In addition, the Group (including the Guarantor) must comply with certain capital requirements, where non-
compliance could lead to the imposition of restrictions or prohibitions on making any: (i) distributions relating to 
CET1 capital; (ii) payments related to variable remuneration or discretionary pension benefits; and (iii) 
distributions linked to additional tier 1 AT1 instruments (collectively, -discretionary payments). Likewise, the 
ability of BBVA and its subsidiaries to pay dividends is conditioned by the recommendations and requirements 
of their respective supervisors, such as those made in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. In this regard, on 
30th April, 2020, BBVA announced that it had agreed to modify, for the financial year 2020, the Group's 
shareholder remuneration policy, opting not to pay any amount as a dividend corresponding to the financial year 
2020 until the uncertainties generated by the COVID-19 pandemic dissipate and, in any case, not before the close 
of the 2020 fiscal year. While, on 29th January, 2021, in line with the latest recommendation of the ECB, BBVA 
announced its intention to distribute 0.059 euros per share in respect of 2020 profit and to reinstate during 2021 
its dividend policy announced in 2017 once any recommendation is withdrawn and there are no additional 
restrictions or limitations, no assurance can be given that further supervisory restrictions or recommendations 
will not restrict the Group’s or the Group’s subsidiaries’ ability to distribute dividends in the future. (see “Item 8. 
Financial Information—Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information—Dividends” of the Form 20-
F for further details). 
Any dividends of BBVA or any of its subsidiaries may be subject to further regulatory restrictions or 
recommendations, or current restrictions or recommendations could be in place for a longer or indefinite period. 
The Group’s earnings and financial condition have been, and its future earnings and financial condition may 
continue to be, materially affected by asset impairment 
Regulatory, business, economic or political changes and other factors could lead to asset impairment. In recent 
years, severe market events such as the past sovereign debt crisis, rising risk premiums and falls in share market 
prices, have resulted in the Group recording large write-downs on its credit market exposures. Doubts regarding 
the asset quality of European banks has also affected their evolution in the market in recent years. 
Several ongoing factors could depress the valuation of the Group’sassets or otherwise lead to the impairment of 
such assets (including goodwill and deferred tax assets). This includes the COVID-19 crisis, Brexit, the surge of 
populist trends in several European countries, increased trade tensions and potential changes in U.S. economic 
policies implemented by the new U.S. administration, any of which could increase global financial volatility and 
lead to the reallocation of assets. In addition, uncertainty about China’s growth expectations and its policymaking 
capability to address certain severe challenges has contributed to the deterioration of the valuation of global 
assets and further increased volatility in the global financial markets. 
In particular, the final impact of the COVID-19 crisis on the valuation of the Group’s assets is still unknown. 
Since the outbreak of the crisis in the first quarter of 2020, public support measures have been introduced in the 
countries where the Group operates, most of which have been in the form of public guarantees on new loans to 
corporates and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), payment moratorium measures and payment 
holidays on certain household loans. Once these measures come to an end, it is possible that the Group will need 
to record significant loan-loss provisions as a result of the deterioration in the credit quality of the Group’s 
clients, especially SMEs. Any such provisions could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations 
2.4 Legal, Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks 
Legal Risks 
The Group is party to a number of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings 
The financial sector faces an environment of increasing regulatory and litigation pressure. The Group is party to 
government procedures and investigations, such as those carried out by the antitrust authorities which, among 
other things, have in the past and could in the future result in sanctions, as well as lead to claims by customers 
and others.  
The various Group entities are also frequently party to individual or collective judicial proceedings (including 
class actions) resulting from their activity and operations, as well as arbitration proceedings. More generally, in 
recent years, regulators have increased their supervisory focus on consumer protection and corporate behaviour, 
which has resulted in a larger number of regulatory actions. 
In Spain and in other jurisdictions where the Group operates, legal and regulatory actions and proceedings 
against financial institutions, prompted in part by certain recent national and supranational rulings in favor of

--- Page 18 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
18 
consumers (with regards to matters such as credit cards and mortgage loans), have increased significantly in 
recent years and this trend could continue in the future. The legal and regulatory actions and proceedings faced 
by other financial institutions in relation to these and other matters, especially if such actions or proceedings 
result in favourable resolutions for the consumer, could also adversely affect the Group. 
All of the above may result in a significant increase in operating and compliance costs and/or a reduction in 
revenues, and it is possible that an adverse outcome in any proceedings (depending on the amount thereof, the 
penalties imposed or the resulting procedural or management costs for the Group) could materially and adversely 
affect the Group, including by damaging its reputation. 
It is difficult to predict the outcome of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings, both those to which the 
Group is currently exposed and those that may arise in the future, including actions and proceedings relating to 
former Group subsidiaries or in respect of which the Group may have indemnification obligations. Any of such 
outcomes could be significantly adverse to the Group. In addition, a decision in any matter, whether against the 
Group or against another credit entity facing similar claims as those faced by the Group, could give rise to other 
claims against the Group. In addition, these actions and proceedings draw resources away from the Group and 
may require significant attention on the part of the Group's management and employees. 
As of 31st March, 2021, the Group had €625 million in provisions for the proceedings it is facing (which are 
included in the line item "Provisions for taxes and other legal contingencies" in the consolidated balance sheet), 
of which €584 million corresponded to legal contingencies and €41 million corresponded to tax related 
contingencies. However, the uncertainty arising from these proceedings (including those for which no provisions 
have been made, either because it is not possible to estimate any such provisions or for other reasons) makes it 
impossible to guarantee that the possible losses arising from such proceedings will not exceed, where applicable, 
the amounts that the Group currently has provisioned and, therefore, could affect the Group's consolidated results 
in a given period. 
As a result of the above, legal and regulatory actions and proceedings currently faced by the Group or to which it 
may become subject in the future or which may otherwise affect the Group, whether individually or in the 
aggregate, if resolved in whole or in part adversely to the Group´s interests, could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group´s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Spanish judicial authorities are carrying out a criminal investigation relating to possible bribery, 
revelation of secrets and corruption by BBVA. 
Spanish judicial authorities are investigating the activities of Centro Exclusivo de Negocios y Transacciones, 
S.L. (Cenyt). Such investigation includes the provision of services by Cenyt to BBVA. On 29 July 2019, BBVA 
was named as an investigated party (investigado) in a criminal judicial investigation (Preliminary Proceeding No. 
96/2017 – Piece No. 9, Central Investigating Court No. 6 of the National High Court) for alleged facts which 
could constitute bribery, revelation of secrets and corruption. On 3 February, 2020, BBVA was notified by the 
Central Investigating Court No. 6 of the National High Court of the order lifting the secrecy of the proceedings. 
Certain current and former officers and employees of the Group, as well as former directors, have also been 
named as investigated parties in connection with this investigation. BBVA has been and continues to be 
proactively collaborating with the Spanish judicial authorities, including sharing with the courts information 
obtained in the internal investigation hired by the entity in 2019 to contribute to the clarification of the facts. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, no formal accusation against BBVA has been made. 
This criminal judicial proceeding is in the pre-trial phase. Therefore, it is not possible at this time to predict the 
scope or duration of such proceeding or any related proceeding or its or their possible outcomes or implications 
for the Group, including any fines, damages or harm to the Group’s reputation caused thereby. 
Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks 
The financial services sector is one of the most regulated in the world. The Group is subject to a broad regulatory 
and supervisory framework, which has increased significantly in the last decade. Regulatory activity in recent 
years has affected multiple areas, including changes in accounting standards; strict regulation of capital, liquidity 
and remuneration; bank charges and taxes on financial transactions; regulations affecting mortgages, banking 
products, and consumers and users; recovery and resolution measures; stress tests; prevention of money 
laundering and terrorist financing; market abuse; conduct in the financial markets; anti-corruption; and 
requirements as to the periodic publication of information. Governments, regulatory authorities and other 
institutions continually make proposals to strengthen the resistance of financial institutions to future crises. 
Furthermore, the international nature of the Group’s operations means that the Group is subject to a wide and 
complex range of local and international regulations in these matters, sometimes with overlapping scopes and

--- Page 19 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
19 
areas regulated. This complexity, which can be exacerbated by differences and changes in the interpretation or 
application of these standards by local authorities, makes compliance risk management difficult, requiring highly 
sophisticated monitoring, qualified personnel and general training of employees. 
Any change in the Group's business that is necessary to comply with any particular regulations at any time, 
especially in Spain, Mexico or Turkey, could lead to a considerable loss of income, limit the Group's ability to 
identify business opportunities, affect the valuation of its assets, force the Group to increase its prices and, 
therefore, reduce the demand for its products, impose additional costs on the Group or otherwise adversely affect 
its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is subject to a broad regulatory and supervisory framework, including resolution regulations, 
which could have a significant adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations 
The Group is subject to a comprehensive regulatory and supervisory framework the complexity and scope of 
which has increased significantly since the previous financial crisis and which could further increase as a result 
of the crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, the banking sector is subject to continuous 
scrutiny at the political and supervisory levels, and it is foreseeable that in the future there will continue to be 
political involvement in regulatory and supervisory processes, as well as in the governance of the main financial 
entities. For this reason, the laws, regulations and policies to which the Group is subject, as well as their 
interpretation and application, may change at any time. In addition, supervisors and regulators have significant of 
discretion in carrying out their duties, which gives rise to uncertainty regarding the interpretation and 
implementation of the regulatory framework. Moreover, regulatory fragmentation and the implementation by 
some countries of more flexible or stricter rules or regulations could also adversely affect the Group's ability to 
compete with financial institutions that may or may not have to comply with any such rules or regulations, as 
applicable. 
Regulatory changes, adopted or proposed, as well as their interpretation or application, have increased and may 
continue to substantially increase the Group's operating expenses and adversely affect its business model. For 
example, the imposition of prudential capital standards has limited and could further limit the ability of 
subsidiaries to distribute capital to the Group, while liquidity standards may require the Group to hold a higher 
proportion of financial instruments with higher liquidity and lower performance, which can adversely affect its 
net interest margin. In addition, Group’s regulatory and supervisory authorities may require the Group to increase 
its loan loss allowances or asset impairments, which could have an adverse effect on its financial condition. It is 
also possible that governments and regulators impose additional ad hoc regulations or requirements in response 
to the crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic including the imposition of requirements on credit institutions to 
provide financing to various entities such as, for example, the Fund for Orderly Bank Restructuring (Fondo de 
Reestructuración Ordenada Bancaria) (the FROB) or the Single Resolution Board (SRB). 
Any legislative or regulatory measure and any necessary change in the Group's business operations, as a 
consequence of such measures, as well as any failure to comply with them, could result in a significant loss of 
income, represent a limitation on the ability of the Group to take advantage of business opportunities and offer 
certain products and services, affect the value of the Group's assets, force the Group to increase prices (which 
could reduce the demand for its products), impose additional compliance costs or result in other possible negative 
effects for the Group. 
One of the most significant regulatory changes resulting from the prior financial crisis was the introduction of 
resolution regulations (which are described in “Regulatory Framework – Resolution” of the URD). In the event 
that the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority considers that the Group is in a situation where conditions for 
early intervention or resolution are met, it may adopt the measures provided for in the applicable regulations, 
 including without prior notice. Likewise, the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority may apply Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption in the event that it determines that the entity meets the conditions for its resolution or that it will 
become non-viable unless such mechanism is applied. Any such determination, or the mere possibility that such 
determination could be made, could materially and adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations, as well as the market price and behaviour of certain securities issued by the Group (or their 
terms, in the event of an exercise of the Spanish Statutory Loss-Absorption Powers). 
Increasingly onerous capital and liquidity requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations 
As described in “Regulatory Framework – Solvency and Capital Requirements” of the URD, in its capacity as a 
Spanish credit institution, the Group is subject to compliance with a “Pillar 1” solvency requirement, a “Pillar 2” 
solvency requirement and a “combined buffer requirement” at both the individual and consolidated levels. As a

--- Page 20 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
20 
result of the latest Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) carried out by the ECB, and in 
accordance with the measures implemented by the ECB on 12th March, 2020, by means of which banks may 
partially use AT1 and Tier 2 capital instruments in order to fulfil the “Pillar 2” requirement, BBVA must 
maintain, at a consolidated level, a common equity tier (CET1) ratio of 8.59 per cent. and a total capital ratio of 
12.75 per cent. In addition, BBVA must maintain, on an individual level, a CET1 ratio of 7.84 per cent. and a 
total capital ratio of 12.01 per cent. As of 31st March, 2021, the Group’s phased-in total capital ratio was 16.16 
per cent. on a consolidated basis and 16.46 per cent. on an individual basis, and its CET1 phased-in capital ratio 
was 20.04 per cent. on a consolidated basis and 20.68 per cent. on an individual basis. 
Additionally, as described in “Regulatory Framework – MREL” of the URD, BBVA, as a Spanish credit 
institution, must maintain a minimum level of own funds and eligible liabilities (the MREL requirement). On 
31st May, 2021, the Bank announced that it had received a new communication from the Bank of Spain of its 
new MREL requirement, as determined by the SRB, replacing the previous one on MREL received and 
communicated in November, 2019. In accordance with this new communication, BBVA should maintain as of 
1st January, 2022, a volume of own funds and eligible subordinated liabilities corresponding to 24.78% of the 
total RWAs of its resolution group at the subconsolidated level1 (the “MREL in RWAs”). Likewise, of this 
MREL in RWAs, a 13,50% of the total RWAs will have to be fulfilled with subordinated instruments (the 
“RWAs subordination requirement”). As of 31st March, 2021, the own funds and eligible liabilities of the 
resolution group corresponds to 29.23% of its RWAs, and the subordinated own funds and eligible liabilities 
corresponds to the 25.95%. Nevertheless, the MREL in RWAs and the RWAs subordination requirement do not 
include the combined capital buffer requirement which, for these purposes, would be 2.5% as at the date of this 
Offering Circular, notwithstanding any other buffer that may be applicable from time to time.  
Moreover, the MREL in RWAs and the RWAs subordination requirement are equivalent, in terms of total 
exposure considered for the purpose of calculating the leverage ratio2, to 10.25% and 5.84%, respectively. As of 
31st March, 2021, the resolution group has own funds and eligible liabilities of 13.40% and subordinated own 
funds and eligible liabilities of 11.89%, both in terms of total exposure taken into account for the calculation of 
the leverage ratio. 
However, both the total capital and the MREL requirements are subject to interpretation and change and, 
therefore, no assurance can be given that the Group’s interpretation is the appropriate one or that BBVA and/or 
the Group will not be subject to more stringent requirements at any future time. Likewise, no assurance can be 
given that BBVA and/or the Group will be able to fulfil whatever future requirements may be imposed, even if 
such requirements were to be equal or lower. There can also be no assurances as to the ability of BBVA and/or 
the Group to comply with any capital target is announced to the market at any given time, which could be 
adversely perceived by investors and/or supervisors, who could interpret that a lack of capital-generating 
capacity exists or that the capital structure has deteriorated, either of which could adversely affect the market 
value or behaviour of securities issued by BBVA and/or the Group (and, in particular, any Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and any of its other capital instruments) and, therefore, lead to the 
implementation of new recommendations or requirements regarding "Pillar 2" or (should the Relevant Spanish 
Resolution Authority interpret that obstacles may exist for the viability of the resolution of BBVA and /or the 
Group), MREL. 
If BBVA or the Group failed to comply with its “combined buffer requirement” they would have to calculate the 
Maximum Distributable Amount (MDA) and, until such calculation has been undertaken and reported to the 
Bank of Spain, the affected entity would not be able to make any discretionary payments. Once the MDA has 
been calculated and reported, such discretionary payments would be limited to the calculated MDA. Likewise, 
should BBVA or the Group not meet the applicable capital requirements, additional requirements of “Pillar 2” or, 
if applicable, MREL could be imposed. Likewise, in accordance with the EU Banking Reforms, any failure by 
the Bank or the Group to comply with its respective“combined buffer requirement” when considered in addition 
to its MREL could result in the imposition of restrictions or prohibitions on discretionary payments. 
Additionally, failure to comply with the capital requirements may result in the implementation of early 
intervention measures or, ultimately, resolution measures by the resolution authorities. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of May 20, 2019 (as amended, 
replaced or supplemented at any time, CRR II) establishes a binding requirement for the leverage ratio effective 
from 28th June 2021 of 3 per cent. of tier 1 capital (as of 31st March 2021, the phased-in leverage ratio of the 
                                                     
1 The resolution group consists of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. and the subsidiaries belonging to the same European resolution group. As of 
31st December, 2019, the total RWAs of the resolution group amounted to €204,218 million. 
2 As of 31st December, 2019, the total exposure considered for the purpose of calculating the leverage ratio amounted to €422,376 million.

--- Page 21 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
21 
Group was 12.2 per cent. and fully loaded it was 11.88 per cent.). Moreover, the EU Banking Reforms include a 
leverage ratio buffer for financial institutions of global systemic importance (G-SIBs) to be met with Tier 1 
capital. Any failure to comply with this leverage ratio buffer may also result in the need to calculate and report 
the MDA, and restrictions on discretionary payments. Moreover, CRR II proposes new requirements that capital 
instruments must meet in order to be considered AT1 or Tier 2 instruments, including certain grandfathering 
measures until 28th June 2025. Once the grandfathering period in CRR II has elapsed, AT1 and/or Tier 2 
instruments which do not comply with the new requirements at such date will no longer be considered as capital 
instruments. This could give rise to shortfalls in regulatory capital and, ultimately, could result in failure to 
comply with the applicable minimum regulatory capital requirements, with the aforementioned consequences. 
Additionally, the implementation of the ECB’s expectations regarding prudential provisions for non-performing 
loans (NPLs) (published on 15th May 2018) and the ECB's current review of internal models being used by 
banks subject to its supervision for the calculation of their RWAs could result, respectively, in the need to 
increase provisions for future NPLs and increases in the Group’s capital needs. 
Furthermore, the implementation of the Basel III reforms described in “Regulatory Framework – Solvency and 
Capital Requirements” of the URD could result in an increase of BBVA's and the Group’s total RWAs and, 
therefore, could also result in a decrease of BBVA's and the Group’s capital ratios. Likewise, the lack of 
uniformity in the implementation of the Basel III reforms across jurisdictions in terms of timing and applicable 
regulations could give rise to inequalities and competition distortions. Moreover, the lack of regulatory 
coordination, with some countries bringing forward the application of Basel III requirements or increasing such 
requirements, could adversely affect an entity with global operations such as the Group and could affect its 
profitability. 
Additionally, should the Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) requirements, as described in “Regulatory 
Framework – Resolution” of the URD, currently only imposed upon G-SIBs, be applicable upon non-G-SIBs 
entities or should the Group once again be classified as a G-SIB, additional minimum requirements similar to 
MREL could in the future be imposed upon the Group. 
There can be no assurance that the above capital requirements or MREL will not adversely affect BBVA's or its 
subsidiaries’ ability to make discretionary payments, or result in the cancellation of such payments (in whole or 
in part), or require BBVA or such subsidiaries to issue additional securities that qualify as eligible liabilities or 
regulatory capital, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, any of which may have 
adverse effects on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, an increase in 
capital requirements could adversely affect the return on equity and other of the Group’s financial results 
indicators. Moreover, BBVA's or the Group’s failure to comply with their capital requirements and MREL could 
have a significant adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Lastly, the Group must also comply with liquidity and funding ratios. Several elements of the Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio (LCR) and net stable financing ratio (NSFR) (as such ratios are defined in “Regulatory Framework – 
Solvency and Capital Requirements” of the URD), as introduced by national banking regulators and fulfilled by 
the Group, may require implementing changes in some of its commercial practices, which could expose the 
Group to additional expenses (including an increase in compliance expenses), affect the profitability of its 
activities or otherwise lead to a significant adverse effect over the Group's business, financial condition or results 
of operations. As of 31st March, 2021 and 31st December 2020, the Group's LCR was 151 per cent. and 149 per 
cent., respectively. The NSFR was 127 per cent. as of 31st March, 2021 and 127 per cent as of 31st December 
2020. For further information, see “Regulatory Framework – Solvency and Capital Requirements” of the URD. 
The Group is exposed to tax risks that may adversely affect it 
The size, geographic diversity and complexity of the Group and its commercial and financial relationships with 
both third parties and related parties result in the need to consider, evaluate and interpret a considerable number 
of tax laws and regulations, as well as any relevant interpretative materials, which in turn involve the use of 
estimates, the interpretation of indeterminate legal concepts and the determination of appropriate valuations in 
order to comply with the tax obligations of the Group. In particular, the preparation of the Group's tax returns 
and the process for establishing tax provisions involves the use of estimates and interpretations of tax laws and 
regulations, which are complex and subject to review by the tax authorities. Any error or discrepancy with tax 
authorities in any of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates may give rise to prolonged administrative or 
judicial proceedings that may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations. 
In addition, governments in different jurisdictions seeking to identify new funding sources, and, they have 
recently focused on the financial sector. The Group's presence in various jurisdictions increases its exposure to 
regulatory and interpretative changes, which could , among other things, lead to (i) an increase in the types of tax

--- Page 22 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
22 
to which the Group is subject, including in response to the demands of various political forces at the national and 
global level, (ii) changes in the calculation of tax bases and exemptions therefrom, such as the tax reform in 
Spain that limits the exemption for dividends and capital gains from domestic and foreign subsidiaries to 95 per 
cent. which means that 5 per cent. of the dividends and capital gains of Group companies in Spain will be subject 
to and not exempt from corporate tax or, (iii) the creation of new taxes, like the common financial transaction tax 
(FTT) in the proposed Tax Directive of the European Commission (which would tax the acquisitions of certain 
securities, including those issued bythe Group ), and the Spanish FTT which came into effect in Spain in January 
2021, may have adverse effects on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group.  
The Group is exposed to compliance risks 
The Group, due to its role in the economy and the nature of its activities, is singularly exposed to certain 
compliance risks. In particular, the Group must comply with regulations regarding customer conduct, market 
conduct, the prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorist activities, the protection of personal 
data, the restrictions established by national or international sanctions programs and anti-corruption laws 
(including the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the UK Bribery Act of 2010), the violations of 
which could lead to very significant penalties. These anti-corruption laws generally prohibit providing anything 
of value to government officials for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business or securing any improper 
business advantage. As part of the Group’s business, the Group directly or indirectly, through third parties, deals 
with entities whose employees are considered to be government officials. The Group’s activities are also subject 
to complex customer protection and market integrity regulations. 
Generally, these regulations require banking entities to, among other measures, due diligence measures to 
manage compliance risk. Sometimes, banking entities must apply reinforced due diligence measures because 
they understand that, due to the very nature of the activities they carry out (among others, private banking, 
money transfer and foreign currency exchange operations), they may present a higher risk of money laundering 
or terrorist financing. 
Although the Group has adopted policies, procedures, systems and other measures to manage compliance risk, it 
is dependent on its employees and external suppliers for the implementation of these policies, procedures, 
systems and other measures, and it cannot guarantee that these are sufficient or that the employees (122,021 as of 
31st March, 2021) or other persons of the Group or its business partners, agents and/or other third parties with a 
business or professional relationship with the Group do not circumvent or violate current regulations or the 
Group’s ethics and compliance regulations, acts for which such persons or the Group could be held ultimately 
responsible and/or that could damage the Group's reputation. In particular, acts of misconduct by any employee, 
and particularly by senior management, could erode trust and confidence and damage the Group’s reputation 
among existing and potential clients and other stakeholders. Actual or alleged misconduct by Group entities in 
any number of activities or circumstances, including operations, employment-related offenses such as sexual 
harassment and discrimination, regulatory compliance, the use and protection of data and systems, and the 
satisfaction of client expectations, and actions taken by regulators or others in response to such misconduct, 
could lead to, among other things, sanctions, fines and reputational damage, any of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, the Group may not be able to prevent third parties outside the Group from using the banking 
network in order to launder money or carry out illegal or inappropriate activities. Further,financial crimes 
continually evolve and emerging technologies, such as cryptocurrencies and blockchain, could limit the Group's 
ability to track the movement of funds. Additionally, in adverse economic conditions, it is possible that financial 
crime attempts will increase significantly. 
If there is a breach of the applicable regulations or the Group’s ethics and compliance regulations or if the 
competent authorities consider that the Group does not perform the necessary due diligence inherent to its 
activities, such authorities could impose limitations on the Group's activities, the revocation of its authorisations 
and licenses, and economic penalties, in addition to having significant consequences for the Group's reputation, 
which could have a significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Furthermore, the Group from time to time conducts investigations related to alleged violations of 
such regulations, and the Group’s ethics and compliance regulations, any such investigation or any related 
procedure could be time consuming and costly, and its results difficult to predict. 
Finally, the COVID-19 outbreak has led in many countries to new specific regulations, mainly focused on 
consumer protection measures. The difficulties associated with the need to adapt the Group’s processes and 
systems to these new regulations quickly along with the fact that the majority of the Group’s employees are 
working remotely could pose new compliance risks. Likewise, despite the existing controls in place, the increase

--- Page 23 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
23 
in remote account opening driven by the pandemic could increase money laundering risks. Additionally, 
criminals are continuing to exploit the opportunities created by the pandemic across the globe and increased 
money laundering risks associated with counterfeiting of medical goods, investment fraud, cyber-crime scams 
and exploitation of economic stimulus measures put in place by governments. Increased strain on its 
communications surveillance frameworks could in turn raise its market conduct risk. 
BBVA’s financial statements are based in part on assumptions and estimates which, if inaccurate, could 
cause material misstatement of the results of its operations and financial position 
The preparation of financial statements in compliance with IFRS-IASB requires the use of estimates. It also 
requires management to exercise judgment in applying relevant accounting policies. The key areas involving a 
higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions are significant to the consolidated and 
individual financial statements, include the classification, measurement and impairment of financial assets, 
particularly where such assets do not have a readily available market price, the assumptions used to quantify 
certain provisions and for the actuarial calculation of post-employment benefit liabilities and commitments, the 
useful life and impairment losses of tangible and intangible assets, the valuation of goodwill and purchase price 
allocation of business combinations, the fair value of certain unlisted financial assets and liabilities, the 
recoverability of deferred tax assets and the exchange and inflation rates of Venezuela. There is a risk that if the 
judgment exercised or the estimates or assumptions used subsequently turn out to be incorrect then this could 
result in significant loss to the Group beyond that anticipated or provided for, which could have an adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Observable market prices are not available for many of the financial assets and liabilities that the Group holds at 
fair value and a variety of techniques to estimate the fair value are used. Should the valuation of such financial 
assets or liabilities become observable, for example as a result of sales or trading in comparable assets or 
liabilities by third parties, this could result in a materially different valuation to the current carrying value in the 
Group’s financial statements. 
The further development of standards and interpretations under IFRS-IASB could also significantly affect the 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group. 
2.5 Operational Risks 
Attacks, failures or deficiencies in the Group's procedures, systems and security or those of third parties to 
which the Group is exposed could have a significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations, and could be detrimental for its reputation 
The Group's activities depend to a large extent on its ability to process and report effectively and accurately on a 
high volume of highly complex transactions with numerous and diverse products and services (by their nature, 
generally ephemeral), in different currencies and subject to different regulatory regimes. Therefore, it relies on 
highly sophisticated information technology (IT) systems for data transmission, processing and storage. 
However, IT systems are vulnerable to various problems, such as hardware and software malfunctions, computer 
viruses, hacking, and physical damage to IT centres. BBVA's exposure to these risks has increased significantly 
in recent years due to the Group's implementation of its ambitious digital strategy. According to data, as of 31st 
March 2021, 65 per cent. of the Group’s customers are digital and 61 per cent. of customers regularly use their 
mobile phones to interact with BBVA, and digital sales represent 69.5 per cent. of total sales. BBVA already has 
more than 500,000 customers registered exclusively through digital channels in Spain, of which more than 50 per 
cent. did so via mobile. These digital services, as well as other alternatives that BBVA offers users to become 
BBVA customers, have become even more important after the COVID-19 outbreak and the ensuing restrictions 
on mobility in the countries in which the Group operates. Currently, one in three new clients chooses digital 
channels to start their relationship with BBVA. Any attack, failure or deficiency in the Group's systems could, 
among other things, lead to the misappropriation of funds of the Group's clients or the Group itself and the 
unauthorised disclosure, destruction or use of confidential information, as well as preventing the normal 
operation of the Group, and impairing its ability to provide services and carry out its internal management. In 
addition, any attack, failure or deficiency could result in the loss of customers and business opportunities, 
damage to computers and systems, violation of regulations regarding data protection and/or other regulations, 
exposure to litigation, fines, sanctions or interventions, loss of confidence in the Group's security measures, 
damage to its reputation, reimbursements and compensation, and additional regulatory compliance expenses and 
could have a significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, it is possible that such attacks, failures or deficiencies will not be detected on time or ever. The 
Group is likely to be forced to spend significant additional resources to improve its security measures in the 
future. As cyber-attacks are becoming increasingly sophisticated and difficult to prevent, the Group may not be

--- Page 24 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
24 
able to anticipate or prevent all possible vulnerabilities, nor to implement preventive measures that are effective 
or sufficient.  
Customers and other third parties to which the Group is significantly exposed, including the Group's service 
providers (such as data processing companies to which the Group has outsourced certain services), face similar 
risks. Any attack, failure or deficiency that may affect such third parties could, among other things, adversely 
affect the Group's ability to carry out operations or provide services to its clients or result in the unauthorised 
disclosure, destruction or use of confidential information. Furthermore, the Group may not be aware of such 
attack, failure or deficiency in time, which could limit its ability to react. Moreover, as a result of the increasing 
consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial institutions and technological systems, an attack, 
failure or deficiency that significantly degrades, eliminates or compromises the systems or data of one or more 
financial institutions could have a significant impact on its counterparts or other market participants, including 
the Group.  
Risks relating to the Warrants 
3. 
Risk Factors relating to the Warrants 
3.1  The Warrants may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Warrants must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances.  
In addition, an investment in Equity Linked Warrants, Index Linked Warrants, ETF Linked Warrants, Fund 
Linked Warrants, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrants, Inflation Linked Warrants and Combination 
Warrants may entail significant risks not associated with investments in conventional securities such as equity 
securities, including, but not limited to, the risks set out in " Risk Factors associated with Warrants that are 
linked to one or more specific types of Reference Items" below. The Warrants are complex financial instruments. 
A potential investor should not invest in Warrants which are complex financial instruments unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Warrants will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Warrants and the impact this investment will have on the 
potential investor's overall investment portfolio.  
3.2 Risk Factors associated with Warrants that are linked to one or more specific types of Reference 
Items 
There are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with an investment 
in Warrants issued under the Programme. Such factors will vary depending on the type of Warrants issued, in 
particular in relation to Warrants in respect of which the Settlement Amount or the value of the Entitlement (if 
any) is linked to the value of one or more index, share, inflation index, unit, interest or share in a fund, foreign 
exchange rate or the combination of any of the foregoing.  
 There are specific risks relating to Equity Linked Warrants 
The Issuer may issue Warrants where the Settlement Amount or the value of the Entitlement (if any) is 
dependent upon the price of or changes in the price of shares or a basket of shares (or depositary receipts) or, 
depending on the price of or change in the price of shares or the basket of shares (or depositary receipts), where 
the Issuer’s obligation on exercise is to deliver a specified number of shares (“Equity Linked Warrants”). 
Accordingly an investment in Equity Linked Warrants may bear similar market risks to a direct equity 
investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
Propective investors in any such Warrants should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Equity Linked 
Warrants, (i) the Settlement or delivery of any specified shares and/or depositary receipts may occur at a 
different time than expected and (ii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of 
the share(s) and/or depositary receipt(s) does not move in the anticipated direction. In addition, the movements in 
the price of the share or depositary receipt or basket of shares and/or depositary receipts may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the 
timing of changes in the relevant price of the share or shares may affect the return to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. All these factors may affect the investments in the Warrants. 
If the Settlement Amount or the Entitlement (if any), as the case may be, is determined in conjunction with a 
multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the 
share or shares on the amount of potential losses incurred will be magnified.See also risk factor “There are risks 
associated with leveraged exposures” below.  
The market price of such Warrants may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the exercise

--- Page 25 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
25 
date, the volatility of the share(s) and/or depositary receipt(s), the dividend rate (if any) and the financial results 
and prospects of the issuer or issuers of the relevant share(s) or depositary receipt(s) as well as economic, 
financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or 
quotation system(s) on which any such shares or depositary receipts may be traded. 
Equity Linked Warrants do not provide the holders with any voting rights or rights to receive dividends, interest 
or other distributions, as applicable, or any other rights with respect to any share, except as may be otherwise 
provided in the Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms. See also risk factor "A Warrantholder does not have 
rights of ownership in the Reference Item(s)". 
Upon determining that a Potential Adjustment Event, Extraordinary Event or Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred in relation to an underlying share or the issuer of such underlying share, the Calculation Agent has 
broad discretion to make certain determinations to account for such event including to (i) make adjustments to 
the terms of the Warrants and/or (ii) (in the case of an Extraordinary Event or an Additional Disruption Event) 
cause cancellation of the Warrants, any of which determinations may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Warrants. 
Potential Adjustment Events (as defined in Equity Linked Condition 3) include (a) a sub-division, consolidation 
or re-classification of the relevant shares or a free distribution, or dividend of any such shares to existing holders 
of the relevant shares by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue, (b) a distribution, issue or dividend to 
existing holders of the relevant shares of certain share capital or securities, (c) an extraordinary dividend, (d) a 
call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect of relevant shares that are not fully 
paid (e) a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share Company or its subsidiaries, as the case 
may be, of relevant shares, (f) in the case of a Basket Company or a Share Company an event that results in any 
shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the 
capital stock of such Basket Company or Share Company, (g) any adjustment effected as a result of any 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement described in (f) and (h) any other event having a dilutive or concentrative 
effect on the value of the shares. 
Extraordinary Events (as defined in Equity Linked Condition 3) include (a) a delisting of the shares on an 
exchange, (b) illiquidity (c) an insolvency (where all the shares of the issuer of the underlying shares are 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or similar official or may not be legally transferred) or bankruptcy of the issuer 
of the shares, (d) a listing change; (e) a listing suspension, (f) a merger event entailing the consolidation of the 
shares with those of another entity, (g) a nationalisation of the issuer of the shares or transfer of the shares to a 
governmental entity and (h) a tender offer or takeover offer that results in transfer of the shares to another entity. 
Additional Disruption Event (as defined in Equity Linked Condition 8) means any of Change of Law (unless 
specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms) and Failure to Deliver, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss Event and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in 
each case if specified in the Issue Terms.  
See also risk factor “The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the 
Guarantor, has broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Warrantholders" 
below 
Holders may receive physical delivery of shares in lieu of payment of cash amounts 
Where the Warrants include the right of the Issuer, subject to the fulfilment of a particular condition, to settle the 
Warrants by delivering shares to the purchaser of such Warrants, the purchasers will receive such shares rather 
than a monetary amount upon settlement. Holders will, therefore, be exposed to the issuer of such shares and the 
risks associated with such shares. Warrantholders should not assume that they will be able to sell such shares for 
a specific price after the settlement of the Warrants, and in particular not for the purchase price of the Warrants. 
Under certain circumstances the shares may only have a very low value or may, in fact, be worthless. Holders 
may also be subject to certain documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the delivery and/or disposal of such 
shares.  
There are specific risks relating to Index Linked Warrants  
The Issuer may issue Warrants where the Settlement Amount is dependent upon the level of or changes in the 
level of an index or a basket of indices ("Index Linked Warrants"). Accordingly an investment in Index Linked 
Warrants may bear similar market risks to a direct investment and potential investors should take advice 
accordingly 
Prospective investors in any such Warrants should be aware that (i) the Settlement may occur at a different time 
than expected and (ii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of the index or 
indices does not move in the anticipated direction. In addition, movements in the level of the index/ indices may

--- Page 26 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
26 
be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other 
indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or indices may affect the return to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. All these factors may affect the investments in the 
Warrants 
If the Settlement Amount is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some 
other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the index or indices on the amount of potential losses 
will be magnified. All these factors may affect the investments in the Warrants. See also risk factor “There are 
risks associated with leveraged exposures” below 
The market price of such Warrants may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the settlement 
date and the volatility of the level of the index or indices as well as the economic, financial and political events in 
one or more jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any securities 
comprising the index or indices may be traded. The index may reference equities, bonds or other securities, or it 
may be a property index referencing certain property price data which will be subject to market price 
fluctuations. A property index may include valuations only and not actual transactions and the property data 
sources used to compile the index may be subject to change, which may adversely affect the return on the 
Warrants. 
Adjustment to indices for Index Linked Warrants 
If an Index Adjustment Event (as described in "Annex 2 -Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked 
Warrants") occurs the Issuer may require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments as it determines 
appropriate to the terms of the Warrants or settle the Warrants. Such action may have an adverse effect on the 
value and liquidity of the affected Index Linked Warrants. 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an index could adversely affect the market value of the 
Warrants 
The sponsor of any index can add, delete or substitute the components of such index or make other 
methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The changing of components of 
any index may affect the level of such index as a newly added component may perform significantly worse or 
better than the component it replaces, which in turn may affect the settlement amount. The sponsor of any such 
index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of such index. The sponsor of an index 
will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Warrants and will have no obligation to any purchaser of 
such Warrants. The sponsor of an index may take any actions in respect of such index without regard to the 
interests of the purchasers of the Warrants, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of 
the Warrants. 
The reform of "Benchmarks" may adversely affect the market value of the Warrants 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Warrants for which a request for admission to 
trading on a trading venue has been made, or which are traded on a trading venue or via a "systematic 
internaliser" linked to a "benchmark" for Benchmarks Regulation purpose, including in any of the following 
circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to any applicable transitional 
provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, depending on the particular 
"benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Warrants, the Warrants could be de-listed, adjusted, 
redeemed or otherwise impacted; and 
(i) 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to 
adjustments to the terms of the Warrants, including calculation agent determination of the rate or 
level in its discretion. 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event may arise if any of the following circumstances occurs or will occur: (1) a 
benchmark is materially changed or permanently cancelled, or (2) (i) the relevant authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of the benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, (ii) an application for authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is rejected or (iii) any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or inclusion 
in any official register is withdrawn. 
The disappearance of a "benchmark" or changes in the manner of administration of a "benchmark" could result in

--- Page 27 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
27 
adjustment to the terms and conditions, cancelation , discretionary valuation by the calculation agent, delisting or 
other consequence in relation to Warrants linked to such "benchmark". Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Warrants. 
See also risk factor "The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the 
Guarantor, has broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Warrantholders" 
below. 
There are specific risks relating to ETF Linked Warrants and Fund Linked Warrants 
The Issuer may issue Warrants where the Settlement Amount or the value of the Entitlement (if any) is 
dependent upon the price or changes in the price of units or shares in one or more funds (including exchange 
traded fund shares) or, depending on the price or changes in the price of units or shares in such fund or funds, 
where the Issuer’s obligation on exercise is to deliver a specified amount of fund shares (“Fund/ETF Linked 
Warrants”). Accordingly an investment in Fund/ETF Linked Warrants may bear similar market risks to a direct 
fund investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
Prospective investors in any such Warrants should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Fund / ETF 
Linked Warrants (i) the Settlement or delivery of any specified Fund shares or ETF shares may occur at a 
different time than expected and (ii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the 
movements in the price of units, shares or interests in the fund or funds may be subject to significant fluctuations 
that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the 
relevant price of the units or shares in the fund or funds may affect the return to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. 
If the Settlement Amount or entitlement amount deliverable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier 
greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the units or 
shares of the fund(s) or exchange traded funds, on amounts so payable or deliverable will be magnified. See also 
risk factor “There are risks associated with leveraged exposures” below. 
The market price of such Warrants may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the expiration date 
and the volatility of the price of units or shares in the fund(s) or ETF(s). The price of units or shares in a fund or 
ETF may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including 
factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any units or Shares in the fund(s) or ETF(s) 
may be traded. In addition, the price of units or shares in a fund or ETF may be affected by the performance of 
the fund service providers, and, in particular, the investment advisor. Prospective investors should review 
carefully the prospectus, information memorandum and/or base prospectus (if any) issued by any relevant fund 
or ETF before purchasing any Warrants. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any affiliate of the Issuer or 
Guarantor or the Calculation Agent make any representation as to the creditworthiness of any relevant fund or 
ETF or any such fund’s or ETF’s administrative, custodian, investment manager or adviser. If such persons are 
not creditworthy or otherwise fail to perform, as the case may be, it may adversely affect the value of the 
Warrants. 
In addition, when the Issuer issues Fund / ETF Linked Warrants to one or more funds, including hedge funds and 
exchange traded funds, the relevant fund(s) or exchange traded fund(s) may trade and invest in a broad range of 
investments such as debt and equity securities, commodities or commodity indices and foreign exchange and 
may enter into derivative transactions, including, without limitation, futures and options. The relevant fund(s) or 
exchange traded fund(s) may often be illiquid and may only be traded on a monthly, quarterly or even less 
frequent basis. The trading strategies of funds are often opaque. The relevant fund(s) or exchange traded fund(s), 
as well as the markets and instruments in which they invest, are often not subject to review by governmental 
authorities, self-regulatory organisations or other supervisory authorities. If the underlying relevant fund(s) or 
exchange traded fund(s) do not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Warrants will fall, and may in certain 
circumstances be zero. 
Fund/ETF Linked Warrants do not provide holders with any participation rights in the underlying Fund/ETF and 
do not entitle holders of Fund/ETF Linked Warrants to any ownership interest or rights in such fund/ETF, except 
as may be otherwise provided in the Conditions and/or the relevant Issue Terms, holders will not have voting 
rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant fund shares or 
units to which such Warrants relate. See also risk factor "A Warrantholder does not have rights of ownership in 
the Reference Item(s)" 
In the event of the occurrence of one or more Potential ETF Events (as defined in ETF Linked Condition 2), the 
Calculation Agent may seek to make adjustments in accordance with the ETF Linked Conditions. Such 
adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of the Warrants. 
In the event of the occurrence of one or more Extraordinary Fund Events (as defined in Fund Linked Condition

--- Page 28 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
28 
1) or Extraordinary ETF Events (as defined in ETF Linked Condition 2), as the case may be, the Issuer may seek 
to make adjustments, substitute the relevant Fund shares or ETF shares, as the case may be, with fund shares of a 
fund, or ETF shares, as the case may be, with similar characteristics or, if no such fund or ETF is selected, with a 
replacement index, or cancel the Warrants at its discretion. Any adjustment or substitution may have an adverse 
effect on the value of the Warrants. 
In the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the underlying Fund Shares or ETF Shares, as the case may 
be, are not received by the hedge provider on or prior to the Settlement Date or Termination Date, such date may 
be postponed for a period of up to two calendar years (or such other period as may be specified in the Issue 
Terms) and no additional amount shall be payable as a result of such delay and so in such circumstance investors 
may therefore miss the opportunity to invest the redemption proceeds that would have been otherwise received 
earlier in other assets or investments. 
See also risk factors “Warrantholder does not have rights of ownership in the Reference Item(s)" and "The 
Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, has broad 
discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Warrantholders" below. 
There are specific risks relating to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrants  
The Issuer may issue Warrants where the Settlement Amount is dependent upon movements in currency 
exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the 
Warrants are denominated (“Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Warrants”). Accordingly an investment in Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Warrants may bear similar market risks to a direct foreign exchange investment and 
potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
Prospective investors in any such Warrants should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Warrants (i) the settlement may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected and (ii) they may lose a substantial portion or all of their investment. In addition, movements in 
currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the exchange rates may affect the return to investors, even if 
the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Warrants are linked will affect the nature and value of the investment 
return on the Warrants. The performance of foreign exchange rates are dependent upon the supply and demand 
for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including 
inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic 
forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the 
currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, 
without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing 
currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency 
or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would 
affect exchange rates and the availability of a specified currency. Where the Warrants are linked to the currency 
of an emerging market jurisdiction, such risks maybe magnified—see also risk factor “Where the Warrants are 
denominated in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more emerging market currencies, such 
emerging market currencies can be significantly more volatile than currencies of more developed markets” 
below. 
If the Settlement Amount is dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates and are determined in 
conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes 
in the currency exchange rates on amounts so payable will be magnified. See also risk factor “There are risks 
associated with leveraged exposures” below. 
Settlement Amounts payable or other obligations of the Issuer in respect of any Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Warrants may be restricted or varied upon the occurrence of certain disruption events applicable to the Warrants. 
A relevant disruption event for an exchange rate may relate to inability to obtain a price for the exchange rate 
from the applicable price source(s), illiquidity, the split of any relevant currency into a dual exchange rate, 
inconvertibility, non-transferability, a material change in circumstances in the jurisdiction of the Subject 
Currency that makes it impossible to fulfil certain hedging arrangements, a nationalisation or variations in the 
prices quoted for the exchange on different sources being greater than a specified percentage threshold (or not 
quoted for by members of a survey used to determine such source) if specified for that rate in the terms and 
conditions of the Warrants and/or the Issue Terms. 
Following a relevant disruption event , the applicable valuation date may be postponed so long as the relevant 
disruption event continues, the Calculation Agent may determine the applicable exchange rate, the Warrants may 
be cancelled (or on the originally designated date) by payment of the applicable early redemption amount rather

--- Page 29 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
29 
than any amount that would have otherwise been calculated in respect of and due on the relevant date, the related 
date for payment may be deferred so long as the relevant disruption event continues or a fallback reference price 
source or sources may be used to calculate the rate instead of the originally designated price source. Potential 
purchasers in any Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Warrants may be affected by an adverse effect on (i) the value of, 
and/or amounts or deliveries due in respect of, the Warrants due to the occurrence of any disruption event and 
application of the related disruption fallback(s); or (ii) an purchaser's investment schedule, timetable or plans if 
any due date for payment under the Warrants is postponed as a consequence of a disruption event.  
See also risk factor "The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the 
Guarantor, has broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Warrantholders" 
below. 
There are specific risks relating to Inflation Linked Warrants  
The Issuer may issue Warrants where the Settlement Amount (if any) is dependent upon the level of an inflation 
index or indices (“Inflation Linked Warrants”). 
Prospective investors in any such Warrants should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Inflation Linked 
Warrants (i) settlement may occur at a different time than expected and (ii) they may lose all or a substantial 
portion of their investment. In addition, the movements in the level of the inflation index or indices may be 
subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices 
and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the inflation index or indices may affect the return to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations.  
In certain circumstances following cessation of publication of the inflation index, the Calculation Agent may 
determine a successor inflation index and make adjustments to the terms of the Warrants and such adjustments 
may have an adverse effect on the value of the Warrants. In certain circumstances following cessation of 
publication of the inflation index, the Calculation Agent may determine that there is no appropriate alternative 
inflation index, in which case the Issuer may cancel the Warrants and investors may receive less than their initial 
investment in the Warrants. Such action may have an effect on the value of the Warrants. See also risk factor 
"The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, has broad 
discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Noteholders" below. 
If the Settlement Amount (if any) is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference 
to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the inflation index or the indices on the amount 
of potential losses will be magnified. See also risk factor “There are risks associated with leveraged exposures” 
below. 
The market price of such Warrants may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the exercise date 
and the volatility of the level of the inflation index or indices. The level of the inflation index or indices may be 
affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions.  
3.3 Risk Factors associated generally with Warrants that are linked to Reference Item(s) 
The value of Warrants linked to a relevant Reference Item may be influenced by unpredictable factors 
The value of the Warrants may be influenced by several factors beyond the Issuer’s, and/or its Affiliates and, 
where applicable, the Guarantor’s control including: 
(a) Valuation of the relevant Reference Item. The value of a Warrant at any time is expected to be affected 
primarily by changes in the level of the relevant Reference Item to which the Warrants are linked. It is 
impossible to predict how the level of the relevant Reference Item will vary over time. The historical 
performance value (if any) of the relevant Reference Item does not indicate the future performance of the 
relevant Reference Item. Factors which may have an effect on the value of the relevant Reference Item 
include the rate of return of the relevant Reference Item and, where relevant, the financial position and 
prospects of the issuer of the relevant Reference Item, the market price or value of the applicable underlying 
security, index, fund (including mutual funds and hedge funds) exchange traded fund (“ETF”) or basket of 
securities, indices, funds (including mutual funds and hedge funds) or ETFs. In addition, the level of the 
relevant Reference Item may depend on a number of inter-related factors, including economic, financial and 
political events and their effect on the capital markets generally and relevant stock exchanges. Potential 
purchasers should also note that whilst the value of the Warrants is linked to the relevant Reference Item 
and will be influenced (positively or negatively) by the relevant Reference Item, any change may not be 
comparable and may be disproportionate. It is possible that while the relevant Reference Item is increasing 
in value, the value of the Warrants may fall. Further, the Conditions of the Warrants will allow the 
Calculation Agent to make adjustments or take any other appropriate action if circumstances occur where 
the Warrants or any exchanges or price sources are affected by market disruption, adjustment events or

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
30 
circumstances affecting normal activities; 
(b) Volatility. The term “volatility” refers to the actual and anticipated frequency and magnitude of changes of 
the market price with respect to a relevant Reference Item. Volatility is affected by a number of factors such 
as macroeconomic factors (i.e. those economic factors which have broad economic effects), speculative 
trading and supply and demand in the options, futures and other derivatives markets. Volatility of a relevant 
Reference Item will move up and down over time (sometimes more sharply than at other times) and 
different relevant Reference Items will most likely have separate volatilities at any particular time; 
(c) Dividend Rates and other Distributions. The value of Warrants could, in certain circumstances, be affected 
by fluctuations in the actual or anticipated rates of dividend (if any) or other distributions on a relevant 
Reference Item; 
(d) Creditworthiness. Any prospective purchaser who purchases the Warrants is relying upon the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor and has no rights against any other person. If 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, if applicable, becomes insolvent, purchasers may suffer potential loss of their 
entire investment irrespective of any favourable development of the other value determining factors, such as 
a relevant Reference Item; and 
(e) Exchange Rates. Even where payments in respect of the Warrants are not expressly linked to a rate or rates 
of exchange between currencies, the value of the Warrants could, in certain circumstances, be affected by 
such factors as fluctuations in the rates of exchange between any currency in which any payment in respect 
of the Warrants is to be made and any currency in which a relevant Reference Item is traded, appreciation or 
depreciation of any such currencies and any existing or future or governmental or other restrictions on the 
exchangeability of such currencies. There can be no assurance that rates of exchange between any relevant 
currencies which are current rates at the date of issue of the Warrants will be representative of the relevant 
rates of exchange used in computing the value of the Warrants at any time thereafter. 
Some or all of the above factors will influence the price purchasers will receive if a purchaser sells its Warrants 
prior to exercise. For example, purchasers may have to sell certain Warrants at a substantial discount from the 
investment amount if the market price or value of the applicable relevant Reference Item is at, below, or not 
sufficiently above the initial market price or value. 
It may not be possible to use the Warrants as a perfect hedge against the market risk associated with investing 
in a Reference Item 
Potential purchasers intending to purchase Warrants to hedge against the market risk associated with investing in 
a Reference Item should recognise the complexities of utilising Warrants in this manner. For example, the value 
of the Warrants may not exactly match the value of the Reference Item. Due to fluctuating supply and demand 
for the Warrants, there is no assurance that their value will match movements in the value of the Reference Item. 
For these reasons, among others, it may not be possible to purchase or liquidate Warrants in a portfolio at the 
prices used to calculate the value of any Reference Item. 
There are specific risks with regard to Warrants linked to a combination of Reference Items 
An investment in Warrants that are linked to a combination of Reference Items will entail significant risks not 
associated with an investment in a conventional debt security. A combination of the risks associated to the 
Reference Items may be significantly higher than the risks of each Reference Item considered on its own. On 
redemption of these type of Warrant, the Warrantholders will receive a Cash Settlement Amount or Entitlement 
(if any) determined by reference to the value of a combination of a number of different Reference Items. 
A Warrantholder does not have rights of ownership in the Reference Item(s) 
Purchasers of Warrants should be aware that neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is under no obligation to hold a 
position in any Reference Item(s) and should note that the relevant Reference Item(s) that may be held by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor will not be held by them for the benefit of the purchasers of such Warrants, and as such, 
purchasers will not obtain any rights of ownership, including, without limitation, any voting rights, any rights to 
receive dividends or other distributions or any other rights with respect to any Reference Item referenced by such 
Warrants. As a result, warrantholders will not be able to exercise rights they would have as owner or have any 
recourse to any issuer of a Reference Item. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates may take positions in or deal with Reference Item(s)  
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor are subject to various potential conflicts of interest in respect of the Warrants, 
which could have an adverse effect on the Warrants. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates may:

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
31 
(i) in the ordinary course of business, effect transactions for their own account or for the account of their 
customers and hold long or short positions in the Reference Item(s) or related derivatives; 
(ii) in connection with an offering of Warrants, enter into one or more hedging transactions with respect to the 
Reference Item(s) or related derivatives; and/or 
(iii) in connection with such hedging or market-making activities or with respect to proprietary or other trading 
activities, enter into transactions in the Reference Item(s) or related derivatives which may adversely (or 
positively) affect the price, liquidity or value of the relevant Warrants and which could therefore be adverse to 
the interests of the relevant Warrantholders. 
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor may have confidential information relating to the Reference Item and the 
Warrants 
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor or its affiliates may from time to time, by virtue of their status as underwriter, 
advisor or otherwise, possess or have access to information relating to the Warrants, the Reference Item and any 
derivatives referencing them. Such affiliates will not be obliged to disclose any such information to a purchaser 
of the Warrants provided that when such information constitutes inside information for the purposes of the 
Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 (“MAR”), then the provisions of MAR and of any other conduct rules will 
be of application in relation to the same. 
The Guarantor’s securities may be/form part of a Reference Item 
The Guarantor’s shares or other instruments issued by the Guarantor may be/form part of a Reference Item in 
Index Linked Warrants, Equity Linked Warrants or other type of Warrants. The Guarantor will have material 
information in relation to such Warrants which the Guarantor will not be obliged to disclose to a purchaser of 
Warrants. 
3.4  Risk Factors relating to the structure of a particular issue of Warrants 
Investors may lose the entire amount paid in respect of the Warrants 
Investors may lose up to the entire amount of the price paid for the relevant Warrants as a result of the 
occurrence of any one or more of the following events: 
(a) pursuant to Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer and the Guarantor of the Warrants are 
subject to insolvency proceedings or some other event impairing the ability of each to meet its payment 
obligations under the Warrants; 
(b) the purchaser seeks to sell the relevant Warrants prior to their exercise in full, and the sale price of the 
Warrants in the secondary market is less than the amount originally paid by such purchaser for the relevant 
Warrants; and 
(c) the Warrants are subject to certain adjustments in accordance with the terms and conditions of such 
Warrants that may result in the scheduled amount to be paid or asset(s) to be delivered upon maturity being 
reduced to or being valued at an amount less than the amount originally paid by such purchaser for the 
relevant Warrants. 
Notwithstanding that the relevant Warrants may be linked to the performance of one or more Reference Items, 
investors in such Warrants do not have and shall not receive any rights in respect of any Reference Item and shall 
have no right to call for any Reference Item to be delivered to them (unless otherwise provided in the Issue 
Terms). In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor of the Warrants shall be required to hold any Reference 
Item. 
There are risks associated with leveraged exposures 
Leverage involves the use of a number of financial techniques to increase the exposure to a Reference Item, and 
can therefore magnify both returns and losses. While the use of leverage allows for potential multiples of a return 
(assuming a return is achieved) when the Reference Item moves in the anticipated direction, it will conversely 
magnify losses when the Reference Item moves against expectations. If the relevant Warrants include leverage, 
potential holders of such Warrants should note that these Warrants will involve a higher level of risk, and that 
whenever there are losses such losses will be higher (other things being equal) than those of a similar Warrant 
which is not leveraged.  
If an investor holds Warrants which are not issued in the investor’s home currency, that investor will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Warrant could result in an investor not receiving payments 
(if any) on those Warrants

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
32 
The Issuer will settle the Warrants, and the Guarantor will make any payments under the Guarantee in the 
Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial 
activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the 
Currency of Payment. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes 
due to devaluation of the Currency of Payment or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Currency of Payment would decrease (1) the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the Warrants, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the 
Settlement Amount (if any) payable on the Warrants and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of 
the Warrants. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or Guarantor to make payments in respect 
of the Warrants.  
There are certain considerations associated with Warrants linked to Emerging Markets 
The Issuer may issue Warrants where the settlement amount (if any) is linked to Reference Items which consist 
of (i) securities, funds, ETFs or indices comprising securities of issuers that are located in, or subject to 
regulation in, emerging or developing countries, or (ii) securities which are denominated in the currency of, or 
are traded in, emerging or developing countries or (iii) currencies of emerging or developing countries. 
Prospective investors should note that additional risks may be associated with investment in such Warrants, 
including risks associated with political and economic uncertainty, adverse governmental policies, restrictions on 
foreign investment and currency convertibility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, possible lower levels of 
disclosure and regulation, and uncertainties as to the status, interpretation and application of laws including, but 
not limited to, those relating to expropriation, nationalisation and confiscation. Warrants traded in emerging or 
developing countries tend to be less liquid and the prices of such securities more volatile. In addition, settlement 
of trades in some such markets may be slower and more subject to failure than in markets in developed countries. 
The probability of the occurrence of a disruption event and consequently loss of investment or profit by an 
investor may be higher for certain developing or emerging markets.  
Where the Warrants are denominated in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more emerging 
market currencies, such emerging market currencies can be significantly more volatile than currencies of 
more developed markets 
Where the Warrants are issued in or settle in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more emerging 
markets currencies, amounts determined to be due or deliverable in respect of such Warrants may be significantly 
more volatile and subject to less certainty as to future rates than if the Warrants were linked to currencies of more 
developed markets, for example emerging markets` currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis 
happening in the future. 
In particular, policies or actions of any relevant governments of the jurisdictions of such emerging market 
currencies to which the warrants may be linked (the “Currency Jurisdictions”) could adversely affect the 
relevant exchange rate(s) (such as through market interventions of their central banks or equivalent bodies; 
governmental action which changes or interferes with currency valuations or currency fluctuations that would 
otherwise occur in response to economic forces; and restrictions on foreign investment and currency 
convertibility or movement across borders). Non-governmental action may also directly or indirectly adversely 
affect the relevant exchange rates (such as through weak overall growth and performance of each applicable 
Currency Jurisdiction’s economy and stock exchanges; political, economic and social uncertainty, including risks 
of nationalisation and expropriation of assets and natural disasters; or wars which affect any Currency 
Jurisdiction directly or indirectly). 
Investors should note that the risk of occurrence and the severity of consequence of the matters described above 
may be greater with respect to any emerging market jurisdiction than they otherwise would be in relation to more 
developed countries. Economies in emerging markets are generally more heavily dependent upon international 
trade, and accordingly, may be affected adversely by trade barriers, foreign exchange controls (including taxes), 
managed adjustments in relative currency values and other protectionist measures imposed or negotiated with 
countries with which they trade. 
The occurrence of any of the above circumstances may have an adverse effect on the value of the Warrants and 
amounts due (if any) or assets deliverable (if any), or the date for payment thereunder. 
Additionally, investors should note that if a disruption event occurs which prohibits or prevents the Issuer from 
making a payment in respect of the Warrants, such payment will be postponed to a date falling 14 calendar days 
after the date on which such disruption event is no longer occurring and no interest shall accrue or Event of

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
33 
Default occur as a result of such postponement. In the event that the disruption event is continuing on the date 
which is one year after the last scheduled payment date in respect of the Warrants, the Issuer shall make payment 
of the relevant amount U.S. dollars or euros. 
Warrants may be issued in one currency and settled in another currency 
If the Issue Terms specify that the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are applicable, then such Warrants are 
issued in one currency (the "SER Subject Currency") but all amounts due thereunder (if any) are settled in 
another currency (the “Settlement Currency”). As such, the applicable amounts are converted by converting 
such amounts by reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if not so specified, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Warrants. 
If the Issue Terms specify that the SER Intermediate Currency Requirements are applicable, then such Warrants 
are denominated in one currency but all or certain amounts due thereunder, as the case may be, if any, are 
converted into an intermediate currency (the "SER Intermediate Currency") and then settled in the Settlement 
Currency. As such, the applicable amounts are converted by converting such amounts by reference to the 
applicable Second Settlement Exchange Rate and then the second Settlement Exchange Rate, each as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms or, if not so specified, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the Warrants.Investors should understand that, where a fixed Settlement Exchange Rate 
or Second Settlement Exchange Rate is not specified in the Issue Terms, that neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor 
have control over the Settlement Exchange Rate and will not make any adjustment or change in the terms of the 
Warrants in the event that exchange rates should become fixed, or in the event of any devaluation or revaluation 
or imposition of exchange or other regulatory controls or taxes, or in the event of other developments affecting 
the settlement currency, the settlement currency or any foreign currency. Investors will bear those risks. In 
addition, if an Unscheduled Holiday or a Price Source Disruption occurs in respect of the applicable Settlement 
Exchange Rate, the applicable disruption fallbacks may provide that the scheduled settlement exchange rate 
valuation date for such rate will be postponed, then this may result in deferral of the corresponding settlement 
date under the Warrants. If a date for payment is so postponed, this could adversely affect an investor’s 
investment schedule, timetable or plans as they will receive settlement amounts (if any) in respect of the 
Warrants later than the originally scheduled date for payment. No interest will accrue or other amount will be 
payable by the Issuer in the event of any such delay. 
If a Reference Item Linked Warrant includes Market Disruption Events or Failure to Open of an Exchange 
and the Calculation Agent determines such an event has occurred, any consequential postponement of the 
Scheduled Valuation Date may have an adverse effect on the Warrants 
If an issue of Warrants includes provisions dealing with the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event or failure to 
open of an exchange on a Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Calculation Agent determines that a Market 
Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange has occurred or exists on such date, any consequential 
postponement of the Valuation Date or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in any such Warrants 
may have an adverse effect on the value of such Warrants. The timing of such dates (as scheduled or as so 
postponed or adjusted) may affect the value of the relevant Warrants such that the Warrantholder may receive a 
lower Settlement Amount or other payment under the relevant Warrants than otherwise would have been the 
case. The occurrence of such a Market Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange in relation to any 
Reference Item comprising a basket may also have such an adverse effect on Warrants related to such basket. In 
addition, any such consequential postponement may result in the postponement of the date of settlement of the 
Warrants. These details of the events are described in the Annexes 
There are risks associated with Phisical Delivery Warrants 
In the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the Settlement 
Date, settlement will be postponed until the next Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no 
Settlement Disruption Event. The Issuer in these circumstances also has the right to pay the Disruption Cash 
Settlement Price in lieu of delivering the Entitlement. As further described below, the Disruption Cash 
Settlement Price may be less than the fair market value of the Entitlement. 
Warrantholders may be required to pay certain Taxes and Expenses in relation to Warrants subject to 
Physical Delivery 
Holders of Physical Delivery Warrants must pay all Taxes and Expenses relating to delivery of such Warrants. 
As defined in General Condition 3(e) Physical Delivery Warrants), “Expenses” means, in this Risk Factor, any 
expenses, costs or charges or other payments (including depositary, custodial, registration, transaction and 
exercise charges) incurred by the Issuer in respect of the delivery of the Entitlement, and “Taxes” means, in this 
Risk Factor, all applicable stamp tax, stamp duty reserve tax, estate, inheritance, gift, transfer, capital gains,

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
34 
corporation, income, property, withholding, other taxes, duties and charges incurred by the Issuer in respect of 
the delivery of the Entitlement. 
There are certain requirements to be fulfilled and payments to be made by the holder in order to receive 
Physical Delivery Warrants and failure to comply with such requirements may lead to the Warrant becoming 
void 
In order to receive the Entitlement in respect of a Physical Delivery Warrant, the holder of such Warrant must 
deliver or send to the relevant Warrant Agent (in the case of any Bearer Warrants) or to the Registrar (in the case 
of any Registered Warrants), with a copy to the Calculation Agent, of an Exercise Notice on or prior to the 
relevant time on the relevant cut-off date and pay the relevant Taxes and Expenses. In the case of a 
Warrantholder participating in a Global Warrant or Global Warrant Certificate, the relevant Exercise Notice must 
be delivered to the relevant Clearing System(s) in accordance with their respective rules and procedures. If such 
Exercise Notice is not delivered before the relevant deadline, the Warrant shall become void. 
Option to Substitute Assets or to Pay the Alternate Cash Amount 
The Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, if the Calculation Agent determines (in its sole and absolute 
discretion) that the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprise assets which are not freely 
tradable, elect either (i) to substitute a Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, for the Relevant 
Asset or Relevant Assets or (ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement or the Substitute Asset or 
Substitute Assets, as the case may be, to the relevant holders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant 
holders on the Settlement Date of the Alternate Cash Amount. 
3.5 Risk Factors regarding the Warrants generally 
Claims of Holders under the Warrants are effectively junior to those of certain other creditors 
Pursuant to BRRD and Law 11/2015 (as amended), the Issuer and/or the Warrants should not be subject to the 
general Spanish Bail-in Power, or analogous bail-in tool. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the guarantee in respect of the Warrants (the "Guarantee") and agreements 
entered into between the Guarantor and the Issuer, upon which the Isser depends to pay any settlement amount of 
the Warrants, to the Warrantholders (the “Hedging Agreements”) are liabilities of BBVA, that are potentially 
subject to the Spanish Bail-in Power.  
Furthermore, the Warrants and the Guarantee are unsecured and non-subordinated liabilities that, subject to 
statutory preferences, will rank equally with any of the Issuer's and the Guarantor's other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness. However, the Warrants and the Guarantees will be effectively subordinated to all 
of, respectively, the Issuer’s and the Guarantor’s secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets 
securing such indebtedness, and other preferential obligations under Spanish law. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 15 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or such other directive as 
may come into effect in place thereof, as implemented into Spanish law by Law 11/2015 and Spanish Royal 
Decree 1012/2015 of November 6, by virtue of which Law 11/2015 is developed and Royal Decree 2606/1996 of 
December 20 on credit entities’ deposit guarantee fund is amended (Real Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, 
por el que se desarrolla la Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y 
empresas de servicios de inversión, y por el que se modifica el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, 
sobre fondos de garantía de depósitos de entidades de crédito), as amended, replaced or supplemented from time 
to time (“RD 1012/2015”), as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time (including as amended by 
Directive 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 20 as transposed into Spanish Law by 
Royal Decree Law 7/2021 of 27th of April) and including any other relevant implementing or developing 
regulatory provisions. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Warrants may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Warrants 
 Warrants may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, so investors should 
be prepared to hold their Warrants until the settlement date. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Warrants easily or at prices that will provide them with a return 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for 
Warrants that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Warrants. 
The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, has broad

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
35 
discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Warrantholders 
As the Calculation Agent will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, potential conflicts of 
interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and the Warrantholders, including with respect to the exercise 
of the very broad discretionary powers of the Calculation Agent. For example, the Calculation Agent has the 
authority (i) to determine whether certain specified events and/or matters so specified in the conditions relating to 
a Series of Warrants have occurred and (ii) to determine any resulting adjustments and calculations or 
substitutions as described in such conditions. Potential purchasers should be aware that any determination made 
by the Calculation Agent may have an impact on the value and financial return of the Warrants. Any such 
discretion exercised by, or any calculation made by, the Calculation Agent (in the absence of manifest or proven 
error) shall be binding on the relevant Issuer and all Warrantholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest relating to distributors or other entities involved in the offer or listing of the 
Warrants 
Investors should be aware that potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the Warrant, as any 
distributors or other entities involved in the offer and/or the listing of the Warrants as indicated in the Issue 
Terms, may act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and for the Dealer and can 
receive commissions and/or fees on the basis of the services performed in relation to such offer and/or listing. 
The Issuer of the Warrants may be substituted without the consent of the Warrantholders 
The Issuer of the Warrants may be replaced as obligor under such Warrants with the Guarantor or any company 
from BBVA’s group. Warrantholders will not have the right to object to such substitution. See General Condition 
12(a) (Substitution of the Issuer). 
The Guarantor of the Warrants may be substituted without the consent of the Warrantholders 
The Guarantor of the Warrants may be replaced as guarantor under such Warrants with another company 
incorporated anywhere in the world. Warrantholders will not have the right to object to such substitution. See 
General Condition 12(b) (Substitution of the Guarantor). 
The value of the Warrants could be adversely affected by a Change in English Lawor administrative practice 
The Conditions of the Warrants are governed by English law, or in the case of the Guarantee, Spanish law, in 
effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to an administrative practice or change to English law or Spanish law, as applicable, after the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issue Price of the Warrants may be more than the market value of such Warrants as at the Issue Date 
and the price of the Warrants in the secondary market 
The Issue Price in respect of any Warrant specified in the relevant Issue Terms may be more than the market 
value of such Warrants as at the Issue Date, and more than the price, if any, at which the Dealer or any other 
person is willing to purchase such Warrants in the secondary market. In particular, the Issue Price in respect of 
any Warrants may take into account amounts with respect to commissions relating to the issue, placement and 
sale of such Warrants and amounts relating to the hedging of the Issuer’s obligations under such Warrants. 
Any such difference may have an adverse effect on the value of the Warrants, particularly immediately following 
the Issue Date relating to such Warrants, where any such commissions may be deducted from the price at which 
such Warrants can be sold by the initial investor in the secondary market. 
Because the Warrants may be held by or on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg purchasers will 
have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer 
Warrants issued under the Program may be represented by one or more temporary global warrants (each a 
“Temporary Global Warrant”) or permanent global warrants (each a “Permanent Global Warrant” and 
together with the Temporary Global Warrant, the “Global Warrants”). Such Global Warrants may be deposited 
with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in 
the relevant Global Warrant, purchasers will not be entitled to receive definitive Warrants. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Warrants. While the 
Warrants are represented by one or more Global Warrant, purchasers will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding 
Whilst the Warrants are in global form and held within the Clearing Systems, in all but the most remote 
circumstances it is not expected that the new reporting regime and potential withholding tax imposed by Sections

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
36 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (“FATCA”) will affect the amount of any 
payment received by the Clearing Systems (see “Taxation—Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act”). 
However, FATCA may affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the subsequent payment chain 
leading to the ultimate investor if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free 
of FATCA withholding. It also may affect payment to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution that is 
not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that fails to provide 
its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any information, forms, other 
documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. 
Investors should choose custodians or intermediaries with care (to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or 
other laws or agreements related to FATCA) and provide each custodian or intermediary with any information, 
forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make a 
payment free of FATCA withholding. Investors should consult their own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed 
explanation of FATCA and how FATCA may affect them. The Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants are 
discharged once it has made payment to, or to the order of, the common depositary for the Clearing Systems and 
the Issuer has therefore no responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through the Clearing Systems and 
custodians or intermediaries. Further, foreign financial institutions in a jurisdiction which has entered into an 
intergovernmental agreement with the United States (an “IGA”) are generally not expected to be required to 
withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) from payments they make. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act withholding may affect payments on the Warrants 
The U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act introduced Section 871(m) of the Code, which imposes a 
30 per cent. withholding tax on amounts attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or “deemed paid” 
under certain financial instruments if certain conditions are met, beginning 1 January 2017. If the Issuer or any 
withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be 
required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. Prospective investors should consult 
their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) to the Warrants. 
Spanish Tax Rules 
If according to certain criteria issued by the Spanish tax authorities, a particular warrant cannot be considered as 
an option for Spanish tax purposes but as a financial asset, any gain or loss deriving from the warrant will qualify 
as income obtained from the use of third party capital rather than a capital gain or loss. If this is the case, 
reporting obligations would be applicable and if they would not be met, payments would be made net of the 
applicable Spanish withholding tax, as described in “Spanish Taxation” (B) Alternative Spanish Tax Treatment”  
The procedure described in this Base Prospectus for the provision of information required by Spanish laws and 
regulations if a particular warrant is considered as a financial asset is a summary only and none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the Dealer, assumes any responsibility therefore. In the event that the currently applicable 
procedures are modified, amended or supplemented by, among other things, any Spanish law, regulation, 
interpretation or ruling of the Spanish tax authorities, the relevant Issuer will notify the holders of such 
information procedures and their implications, as the relevant Issuer may be required to apply withholding tax on 
distributions in respect of the relevant securities if the holders do not comply with such information procedures. 
Warrantholders must seek their own advice to ensure that the relevant procedures comply with the correct tax 
treatment of their warrants. 
Effect on the Warrants of hedging transactions by the Issuer 
The Issuer may use a portion of the total proceeds from the sale of the Warrants for transactions to hedge the 
risks of the Issuer relating to the Warrants. In such case, the Issuer or any of its Affiliates may conclude 
transactions that correspond to the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants. As a rule, such transactions are 
concluded prior to or on the issue date of the relevant Warrants, but it is also possible to conclude such 
transactions after such date. On or before a valuation date the Issuer or any of its Affiliates may take the steps 
necessary for closing out any hedging transactions. It cannot, however, be ruled out that the price of a relevant 
Reference Item will be influenced by such transactions. Entering into or closing out these hedging transactions 
may influence the probability of occurrence or non-occurrence of determining events in the case of Warrants 
with a value based on the occurrence of a certain event in relation to a relevant Reference Item. 
Limitations on exercise of Warrants 
If so indicated in the Issue Terms, the Issuer will have the option to limit the number of Warrants exercisable on 
any date (other than the final exercise date) to the maximum number specified in the Issue Terms and, in 
conjunction with such limitation, to limit the number of Warrants exercisable by any person or group of persons 
(whether or not acting in concert) on such date. In the event that the total number of Warrants being exercised on 
any date (other than the final exercise date) exceeds such maximum number and the Issuer elects to limit the

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
37 
number of Warrants exercisable on such date, a Warrantholder may not be able to exercise on such date all the 
Warrants that such Warrantholder desires to exercise. In any such case, the number of Warrants to be exercised 
on such date will be reduced until the total number of Warrants exercised on such date no longer exceeds such 
maximum, such Warrants being selected at the discretion of the Issuer or in any other manner specified in the 
Issue Terms. Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the Warrants tendered for exercise but not exercised 
on such date will be automatically exercised on the next date on which Warrants may be exercised, subject to the 
same daily maximum limitation and delayed exercise provisions. 
Minimum exercise amount of Warrants 
If so indicated in the Issue Terms, a Warrantholder must tender or, in the case of automatic exercise, hold a 
specified number of Warrants at any one time in order to exercise. Thus, Warrantholders with fewer than the 
specified minimum number of Warrants will either have to sell their Warrants or purchase additional Warrants, 
incurring transaction costs in each case, in order to realise their investment. Furthermore, holders of such 
Warrants incur the risk that there may be differences between the trading price of such Warrants and the Cash 
Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) or the value of the Entitlement (in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants) of such Warrants. 
Time lag after exercise of Warrants 
In the case of any exercise of Warrants, there will be a time lag between the time that a Warrantholder gives 
instructions to exercise and the time the applicable Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled 
Warrants) or the value of the Entitlement (in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants) relating to such exercise is 
determined. Any such delay between the time of exercise and the determination of the Cash Settlement Amount 
or value of the Entitlement will be specified in the Issue Terms. However, such delay could be significantly 
longer, particularly in the case of a delay in the exercise of Warrants arising from any daily maximum exercise 
limitation, the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event or the failure to open of an exchange (if applicable) or 
following the imposition of any exchange controls or other similar regulations affecting the ability to obtain or 
exchange any relevant currency (or basket of currencies) in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Warrants. The applicable Cash Settlement Amount or Entitlement may change significantly during any such 
period, and such movement or movements could decrease the Cash Settlement Amount or Entitlement of the 
relevant Warrants, and may result in such Cash Settlement Amount or Entitlement being zero.

--- Page 38 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
38 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended on 31 December 2020 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/BBVA-Global-Marlets-B.V.-Audited-
Financial-Statements-2020.pdf) and 31 December 2019 (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/11/BBVA-Global-Markets_Audited-Financial-Statements-2019_Eng.pdf) 
prepared 
in 
accordance with EU-IFRS and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code; 
(b) 
the unaudited consolidated interim report corresponding to the three month period ended 31 March 2021 
published by the Guarantor on 30 April 2021has been made available on the Guarantor's website www.bbva.com 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Interim-Financial-Statements-and-
Management-Report-Q1-2021.pdf); 
(c) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as at, and for, the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020 (which includes for comparison purposes financial data for the years 
ended on 31 December 2019 and 2018), and the audit report issued in respect thereof, prepared in compliance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the 
"IFRS-IASB"), the EU-IFRS, considering the Bank of Spain Circular 4/2017, and with any other legislation 
governing financial reporting applicable to the Group in Spain and the audit report issued in respect thereof and 
the information on alternative performance measures on pages 200 to 210 (inclusive) of the Management Report 
2020 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/03-BBVA-GROUP-Annual-
Report-MR-Dec-2020.pdf) and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland; and 
(d) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as at, and for, the 
financial year ended 31 December 2019 (which includes for comparison purposes financial data for the years 
ended on 31 December 2018 and 2017), and the audit report issued in respect thereof, prepared in compliance 
with the IFRS-IASB, the EU-IFRS, considering the Bank of Spain Circular 4/2017, and with any other 
legislation governing financial reporting applicable to the Group in Spain and the audit report issued in respect 
thereof and the information on alternative performance measures on pages 143 to 151 (inclusive) of the 
Management 
Report 
2019 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/01/5.Anual_Report_BBVA_GROUP_2019.pdf) and have been filed with the Central Bank 
of Ireland and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and 
approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus 
or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the Issuer and the Guarantor 
at Calle Azul, 4, 28050, Madrid or on the Guarantor's website (www.bbva.com). 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either 
deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Warrants, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Warrants. 
The Guarantor files periodic reports (including Annual Reports on Form 20-F) and other information with the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), which are available on the SEC's website (http://www.sec.gov), and 
investors are referred to such reports and other information for current information with respect to the Guarantor. The 
Issuer is not subject to the information reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and the Issuer does not expect that it 
will be filing reports with the SEC.

--- Page 39 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Warrants (the “General Conditions”, and each, a “General 
Condition”) which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Warrant (as defined below) and endorsed 
upon each definitive Warrant. The Issue Terms (as defined below) (or the relevant provisions thereof will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Warrant, and definitive Warrant. 
The additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 1 in respect of payouts (the “Payout Conditions”), 
Annex 2 in the case of Index Linked Warrants (the “Index Linked Conditions”), Annex 3 in the case of Equity 
Linked Warrants (the “Equity Linked Conditions”), Annex 4 in the case of ETF Linked Warrants (the “ETF 
Linked Conditions”), Annex 5 in the case of Fund Linked Warrants (the “Fund Linked Conditions”), Annex 6 
in the case of Inflation Linked Warrants (the “Inflation Linked Conditions”), and, Annex 7 in the case of 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrants (the “Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Conditions”) (each as 
defined below, an “Annex”, and together, the “Annexes”) will apply to the Warrants if so specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
In the case of Non-Exempt Warrants (as defined below), reference should be made to the applicable Final Terms 
( for a description of the content of issue terms which will include the definitions of certain terms used in these 
General Conditions or specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Warrants). In the 
case of Exempt Warrants (as defined below), reference should be made to the applicable Pricing Supplement for 
a description of the content of issue terms which will include the definitions of certain terms used in these 
General Conditions or specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Warrants. 
Each Warrant is one of a Series (as defined below) of Warrants issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V. as issuer 
(the “Issuer”), pursuant to the Warrant Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the “Warrants” shall be references to the Warrants of a Series and shall mean: 
(i) in relation to any Warrants represented by a Global Warrant (as defined below) or a Global Warrant 
Certificate, each Warrant in such Series; 
(ii) any Global Warrant or Global Warrant Certificate and; 
(iii) any definitive Warrants in bearer form (“Definitive Bearer Warrants”) issued in exchange for a Global 
Warrant (as defined below) and in registered form “Registered Warrants” (as defined below); 
The Warrants have the benefit of an Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement (such Warrant Agreement as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Warrant Agreement”) dated 1 July 2021 
and made between BBVA Global Markets B.V. as issuer (the “Issuer”), Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
as guarantor (in such capacity, the “Guarantor”) and, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, Banco 
Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. as calculation agent (the “Calculation Agent”, which expression shall include 
any successor calculation agent or any other calculation agent specified in the Issue Terms), Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch as principal warrant agent (the “Principal Warrant Agent”) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg 
S.A. as Luxembourg warrant agent, registrar and transfer agent (the “Luxembourg Warrant Agent”, 
“Registrar” and “Transfer Agent”), which expressions shall include any successor Luxembourg warrant agent 
or registrar or any successor or additional transfer agents). The Principal Warrant Agent, Luxembourg Warrant 
Agent, Registrar and Transfer Agent, together with any other agent specified in the Issue Terms, are referred to 
collectively herein as the “Warrant Agents”, which expression shall include any successor principal warrant 
agent or any successor or additional warrant agent. 
The issue terms for each Warrant (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Warrants) attached to or endorsed on the relevant Warrant which 
supplement, and will be read in conjunction with, these General Conditions and, if the Warrant is neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (an 
"Exempt Warrant"), may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the 
extent inconsistent with these General Conditions or the additional terms and conditions set out in any Annex, 
replace or modify the General Conditions or the additional terms and conditions of such Annex, as the case may 
be, for the purposes of the Warrants. 
Any references to a "Non-Exempt Warrants" are to a Warrant that is not an Exempt Warrant. References to the 
"Issue Terms", "Final Terms" or "Pricing Supplement", as the case may be, are, unless otherwise stated, to  
Part A of the Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement,(or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed 
on this Warrant.

--- Page 40 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
40 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded). 
The payment and non-cash delivery obligations in respect of the Warrants have been guaranteed by the 
Guarantor pursuant to a guarantee (the “Guarantee”) dated 1 July 2021 and executed by the Guarantor. The 
original of the Guarantee is held by the Principal Warrant Agent on behalf of the Warrantholders. 
Any reference to “Warrantholders” or “holders” in relation to any Warrants shall, subject as provided in 
General Condition 1(a), mean: (i) (in the case of Bearer Warrants (as defined below)) the holders of the Warrants 
and (in the case of Registered Warrants (as defined below)) the persons in whose name the Warrants are 
registered and (ii) in relation to any Warrants represented by a Global Warrant or a Global Warrant Certificate, be 
construed as provided below.  
As used herein, “Tranche” means Warrants which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Warrants together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Warrants which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, and/or Issue Prices (each 
as defined below). 
The Warrantholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (the “Deed of Covenant”) dated [TBD] 
2021 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. or any successor thereto (“Euroclear”). and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme or 
any successor thereto (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). 
Copies of the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the Warrant Agreement and the Issue Terms (subject as set out 
above) are available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified offices of the Principal Warrant 
Agent. Copies of the Issue Terms may be obtained from the Principal Warrant Agent at its specified office during 
normal business hours. If the Warrant is an Exempt Warrant, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be 
obtainable by a holder holding one or more Warrants and such Warrantholders must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Warrant Agent as to its holding of such Warrants and identity. The 
Warrantholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Warrant 
Agreement, the Guarantee and the Issue Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the General 
Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Warrant Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Warrant Agreement or used in the Issue Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and 
provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Warrant Agreement and the Issue Terms, the Final Terms 
will prevail. 
 
1. 
Form, Title and Transfer 
Warrants may be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Warrants”) or in registered form (“Registered Warrants”). 
(a) Form and Title 
(i) Bearer Warrants 
(A) Form: Each tranche of Warrants in global bearer form (a “Global Warrant”) will be initially 
issued in the form of a temporary global warrant (a “Temporary Global Warrant”) or a 
permanent global warrant (a “Permanent Global Warrant”) as indicated in the Issue Terms 
which will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date to a common depository for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Bearer Warrants in definitive form will be serially numbered. 
(B) Title: Title to the Bearer Warrants will pass by delivery. “Warrantholder” or “holder” means the 
holder of such Bearer Warrant. 
(C) Ownership: The holder of any Bearer Warrant shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any 
other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and 
no person shall be liable for so treating such holder. 
(ii) Registered Warrants 
(A) Form: Registered Warrants may be evidenced by either an individual certificate if in definitive 
form (“Individual Warrant Certificate”) or a global certificate if in global form (“Global 
Warrant Certificate”).

--- Page 41 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
41 
(B) Title: Title to the Registered Warrants passes by registration in the register which is kept by the 
Registrar in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Agreement (the “Register”). A 
certificate (a “Warrant Certificate”) will be issued to each holder of Registered Warrants in 
respect of its registered holding. Each Warrant Certificate will be numbered serially with 
anidentifying number which will be recorded in the Register. “Warrantholder” or “holder” 
means the person in whose name such Registered Warrant is for the time being registered in the 
Register (or, in the case of a joint holding, the first named thereof). 
(C) Ownership: The holder of any Registered Warrant shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any 
other interest therein, any writing thereon or on the Warrant Certificate relating thereto (other than 
the endorsed form of transfer) or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no person 
shall be liable for so treating such holder. 
(b) Transfers of Warrants 
(i) Transfers: Subject to General Conditions 1(b)(iv) (Closed Periods) and 1(b)(v) (Regulations 
concerning transfers and registration) below, a Registered Warrant may be transferred upon surrender 
of the relevant Warrant Certificate, with the endorsed form of transfer duly completed, at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, together with such evidence as the Registrar or (as the 
case may be) such Transfer Agent may reasonably require to prove the title of the transferor and the 
authority of the individuals who have executed the form of transfer. Where not all the Registered 
Warrants represented by the surrendered Warrant Certificate are the subject of the transfer, a new 
Warrant Certificate in respect of the balance of the Registered Warrants will be issued to the transferor. 
(ii) Registration and Delivery: Within five business days of the surrender of a Warrant Certificate in 
accordance with General Condition 1(b)(i) (Transfers) above, the Registrar will register the transfer in 
question and deliver a new Warrant Certificate of a like number or nominal amount to the Registered 
Warrants transferred to each relevant holder at its specified office or (as the case may be) the specified 
office of any Transfer Agent or (at the request and risk of any such relevant holder) by uninsured first 
class mail (airmail if overseas) to the address specified for the purpose by such relevant holder. In this 
General Condition 1(b)(ii) (Registration and Delivery), “business day” means a day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign currencies) in the city 
where the Registrar or (as the case may be) the relevant Transfer Agent has its specified office. 
(iii) No charge: The transfer of a Registered Warrant will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent but against such indemnity as the Registrar or (as the case 
may be) such Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature 
which may be levied or imposed in connection with such transfer. 
(iv) Closed Periods: Holders of Registered Warrants may not require transfers to be registered during the 
period of 15 days ending on the due date for any payment or on the due date for delivery of any 
Reference Item in respect of the Registered Warrants. 
(v) Regulations concerning transfers and registration: All transfers of Registered Warrants and entries on 
the Register are subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Registered Warrants 
scheduled to the Warrant Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer with the prior 
written approval of the Registrar. A copy of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by 
the Registrar to any holder of Registered Warrants who requests in writing a copy of such regulations. 
(c) General provisions relating to the Warrants 
Warrants will be issued in an “Aggregate Number of Warrants” on the Issue Date as specified in the Issue 
Terms. The “Notional Amount per Warrant”, the “Aggregate Notional Amount of the Series” and the 
“Aggregate Notional Amount of the Tranche” may each be included for information purposes as an amount in 
the Specified Currency as specified in the Issue Terms. The Notional Amount per Warrant may be an amount in 
the Specified Currency that is different from the Issue Price for such Warrant and may be set out in the Issue 
Terms. The Issue Price per Warrant will be the amount in the Specified Currency specified in the Issue Terms 
and may also be expressed as a percentage of the Notional Amount per Warrant. If so specified in the Issue 
Terms, interests in any Warrants will be transferable in a minimum amount of such number of Warrants (the 
“Minimum Transfer Number”) as is specified in the Issue Terms. 
Warrants may not be offered, sold, delivered or otherwise transferred at any time within the United States or for 
the account or benefit of U.S. persons (as such are used in Regulation S under the Securities Act or, in the case

--- Page 42 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
42 
of Bearer Warrants, the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the CEA) and each 
Warrant will have a legend to such effect. 
 
2. 
Status of the Warrants and the Guarantee 
(a) Status of the Warrants 
The Warrants constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu, without any preference or priority among themselves, with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent 
permitted by applicable laws relating to creditor’s right. 
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the court having jurisdiction to open an insolvency proceeding and the 
law applicable to those proceedings and their effects will be determined in accordance with the provisions of 
Regulation (EU) No 2015/848, of 20 May 2015, on insolvency proceedings (“Regulation 2015/848”) Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May, approving the reinstated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law 22/2003, of 9 
July 2003, as amended (the “Spanish Insolvency Law”) and the Dutch Insolvency Law (faillissementswet) of 30 
September 1893, as amended (the “Dutch Insolvency Law”). Pursuant to these provisions, the courts of the 
place where the Issuer has its centre of main interests shall have jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings 
against it and the law applicable to the insolvency proceedings and their effects will be the law of the place 
where such proceedings are opened. 
Under Regulation 2015/848 the centre of main interests should correspond to the place where the debtor 
conducts the administration of its interests on a regular basis and is therefore ascertainable by third parties. In the 
case of a company or legal person, Regulation 2015/848 presumes, in the absence of proof to the contrary, that 
the place of its registered office is the centre of main interests. Based on this presumption a Dutch court may 
consider that it has jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. Notwithstanding this 
presumption, it is arguable that the centre of main interests of the Issuer should be considered to be located in 
Spain and that the Spanish courts should be the courts with jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against it. 
In addition, even if the centre of main interests of the Issuer were not in Spain, the Spanish court could still open 
insolvency proceedings (named territorial insolvency proceedings) if they consider that the Issuer has an 
establishment within the territory of Spain, the effects of which would be limited to the assets of the Issuer 
situated in Spain 
In the event of insolvency (faillissement) of the Issuer declared by a Dutch court (either principal or territorial 
proceedings), claims relating to Warrants will be pari passu claims (concurrente vorderingen) as defined in the 
Dutch Insolvency Law. Ordinary claims rank below credits against the insolvency estate (boedelschuld) and 
credits with a privilege (voorrecht). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of 
shareholders. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer declared by a Spanish court (either principal or territorial 
insolvency proceedings) claims relating to Warrants (which are not subordinated pursuant to article 309 of the 
Spanish Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and privileged credits 
(créditos privilegiados) which shall be paid in full before ordinary credits. The claims of all creditors against the 
Issuer considered as "ordinary credits": will be satisfied pro rata in insolvency. Ordinary credits rank above 
subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
(b) Status of the Guarantee 
The payment and non-cash delivery obligations in respect of the Warrants have been unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the 
extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors’ rights. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor, under the Spanish Insolvency Law, claims of 
Warrantholders (which are not subordinated pursuant to article 309 of the Spanish Insolvency law) will be 
ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below 
credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and privileged credits (créditos privilegiados) 
(including, without limitation, any deposits for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015) which 
shall be paid in full before ordinary credits. The claims of all creditors against the Guarantor considered as

--- Page 43 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
43 
“ordinary credits” will be satisfied pro rata in insolvency. Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and 
the rights of shareholders. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee and the obligations of BBVA under the Hedging 
Agreements entered into between BBVA and the Issuer in respect of any Warrants are also subject to the 
application of the general bail-in tool by the Fondo de Reestructuración Ordenada Bancaria (the “FROB”) or 
any other Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority pursuant to Law 11/2015. 
By its acquisition of any Warrants, each holder acknowledges and accepts that he may be adversely affected 
by the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority and the effects 
thereof, as further described in the Risk Factors, which may be imposed with or without any prior notice with 
respect to the Guarantee and/or the Hedging Agreements in relation to Warrants of any series. 
 
3. 
Exercise of Warrants 
The Issue Terms will indicate whether the Warrants are American style Warrants (“American Style 
Warrants”), European style Warrants (“European Style Warrants”) or Bermudan style Warrants (“Bermudan 
Style Warrants”) and whether settlement shall be by way of cash payment and/or physical delivery. In the case 
of Warrants which are specified in the Issue Terms to be Cash Settled Warrants, the Issue Terms will also 
indicate whether automatic exercise (“Automatic Exercise”) is applicable. 
(a) American Style Warrants 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Exercise Business Day prior to the expiry of the Exercise 
Period. 
If (i) the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the 
Issue Terms or (ii) if the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, any American Style Warrant with respect 
to which no Exercise Notice (as defined below) has been delivered in the manner set out in General 
Condition 4 (Exercise Procedure), at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the last Exercise Business Day 
of the Exercise Period (the “Expiration Date”), shall become void. 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants (as defined below) and Automatic Exercise is specified as 
applying in the Issue Terms, any such American Style Warrant shall become void unless automatically 
exercised on or prior to the Expiration Date. If automatically exercised the provisions of General Condition 
4(a) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. 
The (i) Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is delivered prior to 
10.00 a.m. (Local Time) to the relevant Clearing System and the copy thereof is received by the Principal 
Warrant Agent or, if the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is specified as 
applying in the Issue Terms, the Exercise Business Day on which the Warrants are automatically exercised, 
is referred to herein as the “Actual Exercise Date”. 
If any Exercise Notice is received by the relevant Clearing System or if the copy thereof is received by the 
Principal Warrant Agent, in each case, after 10.00 a.m. (London time) on any Exercise Business Day during 
the Exercise Period, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next Exercise 
Business Day, which Exercise Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date. 
(b) European Style Warrants 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Specified Exercise Date. 
If (i) the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the 
Issue Terms or (ii) if the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, any European Style Warrant with respect 
to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in General Condition 4 (Exercise 
Procedure), at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the Specified Exercise Date, shall become void. 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the Issue 
Terms, any such European Style Warrant shall be automatically exercised on the Specified Exercise Date 
and the provisions of General Condition 4(a) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. 
(c) Bermudan Style Warrants 
Bermudan Style Warrants are exercisable on the Potential Exercise Dates specified in the Issue Terms prior 
to the expiry of the Exercise Period. 
If (i) the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the

--- Page 44 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
44 
Issue Terms or (ii) if the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, any Bermudan Style Warrant with 
respect to which no Exercise Notice (as defined below) has been delivered in the manner set out in General 
Condition 4 (Exercise Procedure), at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (London time) (the “Latest Exercise Time”), 
on any Potential Exercise Date on or before the final such Potential Exercise Date (the “Final Potential 
Exercise Date”), shall become void. 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the Issue 
Terms, any such Bermudan Style Warrant shall become void unless previously automatically exercised on 
any Potential Exercise Date or on the Final Potential Exercise Date. If automatically exercised the 
provisions of General Condition 4(a) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. 
(d) Cash Settlement 
Unless previously exercised or purchased and cancelled, if the Warrants are specified in the Issue Terms as 
being Cash Settled Warrants and, in circumstances where more than one settlement method applies, the 
Warrants are to be settled by cash settlement (“Cash Settled Warrants”), then, each such Warrant entitles 
its holder, upon due exercise and subject to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, to receive 
from the Issuer on the Settlement Date a Cash Settlement Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
(which shall not be less than zero) equal to an amount calculated in accordance with the Issue Terms (the 
“Settlement Amount”) in the currency (the “Specified Currency” or subject to the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions being applicable, the “Settlement Currency” as the case may be) specified in the Issue 
Terms (the “Cash Settlement Amount”). 
In relation to any Cash Settled Warrants where Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the Issue 
Terms, the expressions “exercise”, “due exercise” and related expressions shall be construed to apply to 
any such Cash Settled Warrants which are automatically exercised in accordance with the above provisions. 
(e) Payment Disruption 
If “Payment Disruption Event” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, where the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Payment Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to occur: 
(A) the next date for payment of any amount due in respect of the Warrants will be postponed to the 
earliest to occur of (i) the date falling 2 Business Days after the date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that Payment Disruption Event is no longer occurring or (ii) the date falling 30 calendar 
days following the any scheduled due date for payment of the relevant amount (the “Postponed 
Settlement Date”) which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled Settlement Date. 
No interest shall accrue and no Event of Default will result on account of such postponement; and 
(B) (i) in the case of (A)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant amount due in respect of the Warrants in 
the Specified Currency on the Postponed Settlement Date, or (ii) in the case of (A)(ii) above, the Issuer 
shall give notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 10, and (i) convert the relevant 
amount due in respect of the Warrants into U.S. Dollars using the rate of exchange between the 
Specified Currency and the U.S. Dollar that the Calculation Agent determines 5 Business Days prior to 
the Postponed Settlement Date and taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. The 
Issuer will pay such amount in U.S. Dollars less the cost to the Issuer and/or or any of its Affiliates (if 
any) of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements in connection with such Payment 
Disruption Event and/or the related payment, and the Issuer shall have no further obligations 
whatsoever under the Warrants or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible to 
determine the rate of exchange, the Issuer will settle the Warrants at an amount in 
U.S. Dollars determined by the Calculation Agent as the fair market value of the Warrants taking into 
account all factors which the Calculation Agent determines relevant less all costs (if any) incurred by 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with the settlement, including, without limitation, 
any costs associated with unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, and all other 
expenses related thereto, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
For the purposes of the above, “Payment Disruption Event” means an event which (a) prevents, restricts or 
delays the Issuer from converting or delivering relevant currencies, (b) imposes capital or exchange controls, 
(c) implements changes to laws relating to foreign investments or, (d) otherwise prohibits or prevents the Issuer 
from making a payment or performing an obligation required of it as a result of war, catastrophe, governmental 
action or other event beyond its control, including the relevant currencies exclusion as full settlement currency in 
the clearing systems where the Warrants settled on the Issue Date.

--- Page 45 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
45 
(f) Physical Settlement 
(i) Physical Delivery Warrants: If the Warrants are specified in the Issue Terms as being Physical 
Delivery Warrants and in circumstances where more than one settlement method applied, the Warrants 
are to be settled by physical delivery (“Physical Delivery Warrants”), then upon the exercise of a 
Warrant by a Warrantholder and subject to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, the Issuer 
will deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Warrant on the Settlement 
Date to the account of the Clearing System specified, or as may otherwise be specified for that purpose 
by such Warrantholder in the relevant Exercise Notice, following payment by such Warrantholder to or 
to the order of the Issuer on or before the Exercise Price Payment Date of the Exercise Price (plus an 
amount equal to all applicable stamp tax, stamp duty reserve tax, estate, inheritance, gift, transfer, 
capital gains, corporation, income, property, withholding, other taxes, duties and charges (“Taxes”) or 
expenses, costs or charges or other payments (including depositary, custodial, registration, transaction 
and exercise charges) (“Expenses”) due by reason of the exercise of such Warrant and the purchase for, 
and credit to or to the order of such Warrantholder of such Entitlement, all as more fully described in 
General Condition 4 (Exercise)). Physical Delivery Warrants may not be automatically exercised. 
(ii) Settlement Disruption: If, following the exercise of Physical Delivery Warrants, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption 
Event (as defined below) having occurred and continuing on any Settlement Date, then such Settlement 
Date for such Warrants shall be postponed to the first following Settlement Business Day in respect of 
which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, provided that the Issuer may elect in its sole 
discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant by delivering the Entitlement 
using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the Settlement 
Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the Entitlement 
in such other commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement 
Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the 
Settlement Date for the Relevant Assets not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the 
originally designated Settlement Date. In the event that a Settlement Disruption Event will result in the 
delivery on a Settlement Date of some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion the appropriate pro rata portion of the Exercise 
Price to be paid by the relevant Holder in respect of that partial settlement. For so long as delivery of 
the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical 
settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to 
satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant by payment to the relevant Holder of the 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price (as defined below) on the fifth Business Day following the date that 
notice of such election is given to the holders in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices). 
Payment of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the holders in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices). The Calculation Agent shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the holders in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices) that a 
Settlement Disruption Event has occurred. No Holder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the 
relevant Warrant in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor. 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Disruption Cash Settlement Price” in respect of any relevant Warrant shall be the fair market value 
of such Warrant (disregarding, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but not all of the 
Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and such non-affected Relevant Assets have been duly 
delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets), less the cost to the Issuer and/ or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer in 
its sole and absolute discretion, plus, if applicable and if already paid, the Exercise Price (or, whereas 
provided above some Relevant Assets have been delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof has been 
paid, such pro rata portion); 
“Settlement Business Day” in respect of each Warrant, has the meaning specified in the Issue Terms 
relating to such Warrant; and 
“Settlement Disruption Event” means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent an event beyond the 
control of the Issuer or the Guarantor as a result of which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be, cannot make or procure delivery of the Relevant Asset(s).

--- Page 46 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
46 
(iii) Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity: If “Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity” is specified as applying in 
the Issue Terms and, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to 
deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets (the “Affected Relevant Assets”) comprising the 
Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets (a 
“Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity”), then: 
(1) subject as provided elsewhere in the Conditions, any Relevant Assets which are not Affected 
Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the originally designated date of settlement in accordance 
with this General Condition 3(e); and 
(2) in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any 
other provision hereof the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect 
of the relevant Warrants by payment to the relevant Warrantholder of the Failure to Deliver 
Settlement Amount (as defined below) on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of 
such election is given to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10. Payment of 
the Failure to Deliver Settlement Amount will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10. The Calculation Agent shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 that the 
provisions of this General Condition 3(e)(iv) apply. 
For the purposes hereof, “Failure to Deliver Settlement Amount” means, in respect of any relevant 
Warrant, the fair market value of such Warrant (taking into account, the Relevant Assets comprising 
the Entitlement which have been duly delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets), 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(iv) Issuer’s Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Settlement Amount: Notwithstanding 
any provision of these General Conditions to the contrary, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion in respect of Warrants to which this General Condition 3(e) applies, if the Calculation Agent 
determines (in its sole and absolute discretion) that the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case 
may be, comprises assets which are not freely tradable, elect either (i) to substitute for the Relevant 
Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, an equivalent value (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) of such other assets which the Calculation Agent determines, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, are freely tradable (the “Substitute Asset” or the “Substitute 
Assets”, as the case may be) or (ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement or the 
Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, to the relevant Warrantholders, but in lieu thereof to make 
payment to the relevant Warrantholder on the Delivery Date of an amount equal to the fair market 
value of the Entitlement on or about the time of so electing as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion by reference to such sources as it considers appropriate (the “Alternate 
Cash Settlement Amount”). Notification of any such election will be given to Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 10 and in the event that the Issuer elects to pay the Alternate Cash 
Settlement Amount such notice shall give details of the manner in which such amount shall be paid. 
For purposes hereof, a “freely tradable” security shall mean (i) with respect to the United States, a 
security which is registered under the Securities Act or not restricted under the Securities Act and 
which is not purchased from the issuer of such security and not purchased from an affiliate of the issuer 
of such security or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradable security for purposes of 
the Securities Act, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion or (ii) with respect to any other jurisdiction, a security not subject to any legal restrictions on 
transfer in such jurisdiction. 
(v) Rights of Warrantholders and Calculations None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent, any Delivery Agent and the Agents shall have any responsibility for any errors or 
omissions in any calculation or determination in respect of the Warrants. 
The purchase of Warrant does not confer on any holder of such Warrants any rights (whether in respect 
of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
(g) Rounding 
The Cash Settlement Amount will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in the Specified Currency 
or, if applicable, the Settlement Currency, 0.005 being rounded upwards, with Warrants exercised at the 
same time by the same Warrantholder being aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Cash

--- Page 47 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
47 
Settlement Amounts payable in respect of such Warrants. 
(h) Definitions 
For the purposes of these General Conditions: 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or 
indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes “control” means ownership of a 
majority of the voting power of an entity; 
“Assessed Value Payment Amount” means, in respect of a Warrant, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the assets comprised in the Entitlement in respect of such 
Warrant less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying relating hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer; 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(i) (a) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant currency (and which, if the currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be 
Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (b) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day (a “Target 
Settlement Day”) on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the “TARGET System”) is open; and 
(ii) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any 
Additional Business Centre specified in the Issue Terms; 
“Cash Settlement Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if such date is not a 
Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms 
and if no such date is specified then the Cash Settlement Date shall be the date falling five Business Days 
following the relevant Exercise Date; 
“CEA” means the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended; 
“Entitlement” means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Warrant and (if applicable) each Calculation 
Amount , the quantity of Relevant Asset(s), as the case may be, which a Warrantholder is entitled to receive 
on the Settlement Date in respect of each such Warrant or each such Calculation Amount, as the case may 
be, following payment of the Exercise Price (including any Taxes and Expenses) equal to the Entitlement 
Amount specified in the Issue Terms (plus any cash amount to be delivered as a result of rounding down), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (and including any documents evidencing such Entitlement); 
“Exercise Business Day” means a day that is a Business Day and, in the case of Index Linked Warrants or 
Equity Warrants Linked also a Scheduled Trading Day and in the case of Fund Linked Warrants, a Fund 
Business Day also; 
“Exercise Date” means, in respect of any Warrant, (i) if Automatic Exercise is specified as being applicable 
in the Issue Terms, the Actual Exercise Date, Specified Exercise Date or Potential Exercise Date on which 
such Warrant is automatically exercised in accordance with General Condition 4(a) (Automatic Exercise in 
respect of Global Warrants or Global Warrant Certificates), or 
(ii) the Automatic Early Expiration Date, Actual Exercise Date, Specified Exercise Date or Potential 
Exercise Date in respect of which an Exercise Notice relating to that Warrant is delivered in accordance with 
the provisions of General Condition 4(b) (Exercise Notice); 
“Exercise Notice” means any notice in the form scheduled to the Warrant Agreement (or such other form as 
may from time to time be agreed by the Issuer and the Principal Warrant Agent) which is delivered by a 
Warrantholder in accordance with General Condition 4(b) (Exercise Notice); 
“Exercise Period” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms; 
“Exercise Price” means, in respect of any Series of Warrants, the price, level or amount specified as such or 
otherwise determined as provided in the Issue Terms; 
“Exercise Price Payment Date” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms;

--- Page 48 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
48 
“Exercise Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Warrant Agent or the Registrar to a depositing 
Warrantholder upon deposit of a Warrant with such Warrant Agent or the Registrar by any Warrantholder 
wanting to exercise a Warrant; 
“Issue Price” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms; 
“Maximum Exercise Number” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organization, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Physical Delivery Settlement Date” means, in relation to an Entitlement to be delivered following 
exercise of a Warrant on an Exercise Date, the first day on which settlement of a sale of such Entitlement on 
that Exercise Date customarily would take place through the relevant Clearing System, unless a Settlement 
Disruption Event prevents delivery of such Entitlement, or of some or all of the Relevant Assets included 
within such Entitlement, on that day in which case the day of settlement shall be postponed as provided in 
General Condition 3(e)(iv) (Settlement Disruption); 
“Potential Exercise Date” means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms (or, if such date is not an 
Exercise Business Day, the next following Exercise Business Day); 
“Reference Item” means one or more underlying reference assets or bases, as specified in the Final Terms; 
“Relevant Assets” means shares, bonds, other debt securities, other securities or other property specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, and “Relevant Asset” shall be construed accordingly; 
“Settlement Date” means a Cash Settlement Date or a Physical Delivery Settlement Date, as the case may 
be; and 
“Specified Exercise Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms (or, if such date is not a 
Exercise Business Day the next following date that is a Exercise Business Day). 
 
4. 
Exercise Procedure 
(a) Automatic Exercise 
This General Condition only applies to Cash Settled Warrants other than Warrants in definitive or individual 
certificate form and, where an Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the Issue Terms. In such 
circumstances, the Warrants shall be automatically exercised as provided in General Condition 3(a) 
(American Style Warrants), General Condition 3(b) (European Style Warrants) or General Condition 3(c) 
(Bermudan Style Warrants) and this General Condition 4(a), in each case subject to any adjustments as 
may be specified in the applicable Annex(es). 
No Exercise Notice is required to be submitted or any other action required to be taken by any relevant 
Warrantholder in order to receive the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of such Warrant. The Issuer shall 
transfer or cause to be transferred to each Clearing System through which such Warrants are held an amount 
equal to the aggregate of the Cash Settlement Amounts (if any) in respect of the Warrants held in each such 
Clearing System and each such Clearing System shall, subject to having received such aggregate Cash 
Settlement Amount, on the Settlement Date credit the account of each holder of such Warrant(s) in its books 
with an amount equal to the aggregate Cash Settlement Amount relating to the Warrant(s) held by such 
holder and on the Settlement Date debit such account with the number of Warrants exercised and in respect 
of which such Cash Settlement Amount is being paid. Neither the Issuer nor, if applicable, the Guarantor 
shall have any responsibility for the crediting by the relevant Clearing System of any such amounts to any 
such accounts. 
(b) Exercise Notice 
(i) Warrants may be exercised by a Warrantholder (at its own expense) at such time and on such day(s) as 
provided in General Condition 3(a) (American Style Warrants), 3(b) (European Style Warrants) or 3(c) 
(Bermudan Style Warrants), as applicable, in each case subject to any adjustments as may be specified 
in the applicable Annex(es), by (i) depositing from a location outside the United States the relevant 
definitive Bearer Warrant or Individual Warrant Certificate (as applicable) and delivering from a 
location outside the United States a duly completed and signed Exercise Notice to a Warrant Agent (in 
the case of any Bearer Warrants) or to the Registrar (in the case of any Registered Warrants) and (ii) 
delivering a copy of such Exercise Notice to the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 49 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
49 
(ii) Any Exercise Notice delivered (a) after the Expiration Date, in the case of American Style Warrants, 
shall be void, (b) after 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the Specified Exercise Date, in the case of 
European Style Warrants, shall be void, and (c) after the Latest Exercise Time on the Final Potential 
Exercise Date in the case of Bermudan Style Warrants, shall be void. 
(iii) The relevant Warrant Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) with which a definitive Bearer Warrant or 
Individual Warrant Certificate is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Exercise Receipt to the 
depositing Warrantholder. 
(iv) No definitive Bearer Warrant or Individual Warrant Certificate, once deposited with a duly completed 
Exercise Notice in accordance with this General Condition 4 (Exercise Procedure), may be withdrawn; 
provided however that if, following due presentation of any such definitive Bearer Warrant or 
Individual Warrant Certificate, payment of the moneys falling due is improperly withheld or refused by 
the Issuer, the relevant Warrant Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) shall mail notification thereof to 
the depositing Warrantholder at such address as may have been given by such Warrantholder in the 
relevant Exercise Notice and shall hold such definitive Bearer Warrant or individual Warrant Certificate 
at its specified office for collection by the depositing Warrantholder against surrender of the relevant 
Exercise Receipt. 
(c) Form of Exercise Notice for Cash Settled Warrants 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) specify the name, address, telephone and facsimile details of the Warrantholder in respect of the 
Warrants being exercised; 
(ii) specify the number of Warrants of the relevant Series being exercised by the Warrantholder (which 
must not be less than the Minimum Exercise Number); 
(iii) include an irrevocable undertaking to pay any applicable Taxes due and Expenses payable by reason of 
exercise of the relevant Warrants and, if such amounts have not been paid prior to the Settlement Date, 
an authority to the Issuer to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any Cash Settlement Amount due 
to such Warrantholder (on the Settlement Date) and to credit the specified account of the Principal 
Warrant Agent (for the account of the relevant Issuer) with an amount or amounts in respect thereof; 
(iv) specify the details of the relevant account of the Warrantholder to be credited with the relevant Cash 
Settlement Amount; 
(v) contain a representation and warranty from the Warrantholder to the effect that the Warrants to which 
the Exercise Notice relates are free from all liens, charges, encumbrances and other third party rights; 
(vi) give a certification as to the non-U.S. beneficial ownership of the Warrants being exercised therewith 
(an “Ownership Certificate”). 
(d) Form of Exercise Notice for Physical Delivery Warrants 
If the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) specify the name, address, telephone and facsimile details of the Warrantholder in respect of the 
Warrants being exercised; 
(ii) specify the number of Warrants of the relevant Series being exercised by the Warrantholder (which 
must not be less than the Minimum Exercise Number); 
(iii) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, include an irrevocable undertaking to pay on or prior to the 
Exercise Price Payment Date to the specified account of the Principal Warrant Agent (for the account 
of the Issuer) the aggregate Exercise Price in respect of the Warrants being exercised (plus any 
applicable Taxes and Expenses); 
(iv) include an irrevocable undertaking to pay to the specified account of the Principal Warrant Agent (for 
the account of the Issuer) any applicable Taxes due and Expenses payable by reason of the transfer (if 
any) of the Entitlement to the account specified by the Warrantholder to the account of the Issuer with 
an amount in respect thereof; 
(v) specify the details of the Warrantholder’s account to be credited with the Entitlement; 
(vi) contain a representation and warranty from the Warrantholder to the effect that the Warrants to which 
the Exercise Notice relates are free from all liens, charges, encumbrances and other third party rights;

--- Page 50 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
50 
(vii) give an Ownership Certificate in respect of the Warrants being exercised therewith; and 
(e) Verification of the Warrantholder 
(i) To exercise Warrants the holder thereof must duly complete an Exercise Notice. The relevant Warrant 
Agent or the Registrar shall, in accordance with its normal operating procedures, verify that each 
person exercising the Warrants and Certificates is the holder thereof. 
(ii) If, in the determination of the relevant Warrant Agent or the Registrar: 
(A) the Exercise Notice is not complete or not in proper form; 
(B) the person submitting an Exercise Notice is not validly entitled to deliver such Exercise Notice on 
behalf of the relevant Warrantholder (in the case of Bearer Warrants) or the person submitting an 
Exercise Notice is not validly entitled to exercise the relevant Warrants or not validly entitled to 
deliver such Exercise Notice (in the case of Registered Warrant); or 
(C) the relevant Warrantholder does not provide evidence, at the reasonable request of the relevant 
Warrant Agent or the Registrar, that sufficient funds equal to any applicable Taxes, Expenses and 
the aggregate Exercise Price (if any) will be available on the Exercise Date, 
that Exercise Notice will be treated as void and a new duly completed Exercise Notice must be 
submitted if exercise of the holder’s Warrants is still desired. The Issuer shall procure that the Principal 
Warrant Agent, upon being informed of the defective Exercise Notice in accordance with General 
Condition 4(f)(i), below, informs the person submitting such defective Exercise Notice of the defect(s) 
and of the requirement to submit a new duly completed Exercise Notice if such person intends to 
exercise the relevant Warrants on the relevant Exercise Date. 
(iii) Any determination by the relevant Warrant Agent or the Registrar as to any of the matters set out in 
General Condition 4(e)(ii) above shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding 
upon the Issuer and the holder of the Warrants purported to be exercised. 
(iv) In the case of Warrants the exercise of which would require the Issuer to deliver indebtedness in bearer 
form, the issue of, payment on and delivery of the Warrants and the indebtedness will be subject to the 
limitations set out in these Conditions (including the requirement of the holders to provide an 
Ownership Certificate). 
(f) Notification to the Principal Warrant Agent 
(i) Subject to the verification set out in General Condition 4(e) (Verification of the Warrantholder) above, 
the relevant Warrant Agent or the Registrar will either (a) confirm to the Principal Warrant Agent 
(copied to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent) the receipt of the Exercise Notice and the number of 
Warrants being exercised, or (b) inform the Principal Warrant Agent (copied to the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent) of the defective Exercise Notice. 
(ii) Upon the exercise in part of the total number of Warrants represented by a definitive Bearer Warrant or 
an individual Registered Warrant, the Principal Warrant Agent or the Registrar, as the case maybe, will 
note such exercise and, in the case of Bearer Warrants and Bearer Certificates, the Principal Warrant 
Agent or, in the case of the Registered Warrants, the Registrar, shall cancel the relevant definitive 
Bearer Warrant or individual Registered Warrant (as applicable) deposited and issue the holder of the 
relevant Warrant with a new definitive Bearer Warrant or individual Registered Warrant (as applicable) 
representing the number of the holder’s Warrants not exercised. 
(g) Payment and delivery—Bearer Warrants 
(i) In respect of Bearer Warrants which have been exercised and which are Cash Settled Warrants 
payments in respect of any amounts in respect of a Bearer Warrant shall be made only following 
presentation and surrender of such Bearer Warrants at the specified office of the relevant Warrant 
Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or 
upon application of a holder or a Bearer Warrant, by transfer to the account specified by the relevant 
Warrantholder in the Exercise Notice denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any 
other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank 
in the principal financial centre of that currency. 
(ii) In respect of Bearer Warrants which have been exercised and which are Physical Delivery Warrants to 
transfer of the Exercise Price (plus any applicable Taxes and Expenses) by the Warrantholder to the

--- Page 51 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
51 
relevant account of the Principal Warrant Agent (in favour of the Issuer) as aforesaid, the Issuer shall, 
on the Settlement Date deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of each Bearer 
Warrant for credit to the account specified in the relevant Exercise Notice. The Issuer shall be entitled, 
if it so elects, to divide any Entitlement to be transferred into such number of lots of such size as it 
desires to facilitate its delivery obligations. 
(iii) Exercise of the Bearer Warrants and payments and deliveries by the Issuer and the Warrant Agents will 
be subject in all cases to all applicable fiscal and other laws, regulations and practices in force at the 
relevant time (including, without limitation, any relevant exchange control laws or regulations) and 
none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Warrant Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is 
unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such 
laws, regulations and practices. 
(iv) If the due date for payment or delivery in respect of the Bearer Warrants is not a Business Day, the 
holder of the Bearer Warrants shall not be entitled to payment or delivery until the next following 
Business Day and shall not be liable for any payment in respect of such delay. 
(h) Payment and delivery—Registered Warrants 
(i) In respect of Registered Warrants which have been exercised in full and which are Cash Settled 
Warrants, payments shall be made only following surrender of the relevant Warrant Certificate at the 
specified office of the Registrar outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the 
payment is due on, or, upon application of a holder of a Registered Warrant, by transfer to the account 
specified by the relevant Warrantholder in the Exercise Notice denominated in that currency (or, if that 
currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by 
the payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre of that currency not later than the Business Day 
that is not later than fifteen days prior to the due date for payment. 
(ii) In respect of Registered Warrants which have been exercised and which are Physical Delivery 
Warrants, subject to transfer of the Exercise Price (plus any applicable Taxes and Expenses) from the 
relevant account of the Warrantholder to the relevant account of the Principal Warrant Agent (in favour 
of the Issuer) as aforesaid, the Issuer shall, on the Settlement Date deliver or procure the delivery of the 
Entitlement in respect of each Registered Warrant for credit to the account specified in the relevant 
Exercise Notice. The Issuer shall be entitled, if it so elects, to divide any Entitlement to be transferred 
into such number of lots of such size as it desires to facilitate its delivery obligations. 
(iii) Exercise of the Registered Warrants and payments and deliveries by the Issuer and the Warrant Agents 
will be subject in all cases to all applicable fiscal and other laws, regulations and practices in force at 
the relevant time (including, without limitation, any relevant exchange control laws or regulations) and 
none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Warrant Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is 
unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such 
laws, regulations and practices. 
(iv) Where payment is to be made by transfer to an account, payment instructions (for value the due date, 
or, if the due date is not Business Day, for value the next succeeding Business Day) will be initiated 
and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed on the later of the due date for 
payment and the day on which the relevant Warrant Certificate is surrendered at the specifiedoffice of 
the Registrar. A holder of a Registered Warrant shall not be entitled to any payment in respect of any 
delay in payment resulting from (A) the due date for a payment not being a Business Day or (B) a 
cheque mailed in accordance with this General Condition 4 (Exercise Procedure) arriving after the due 
date for payment or being lost in the mail. 
(v) Each payment or delivery in respect of a Registered Warrant will be made to the person shown as the 
holder in the Register at the opening of business in the place of the Registrar’s specified office on the 
fifteenth day before the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”). Where the payment in respect 
of a Registered Warrant is to be made by cheque, the cheque will be mailed to the address of the holder 
in the Register at the close of the business on the relevant Record Date. 
(i) Effect of Exercise Notice 
(i) For so long as any Warrant is held by a Warrant Agent, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent in 
accordance with this General Condition 4 (Exercise Procedure), the depositor of the relevant definitive 
Bearer Warrant or Individual Warrant Certificate and not such Warrant Agent, Registrar or Transfer 
Agent (as applicable) shall be deemed to be the Warrantholder for all purposes.

--- Page 52 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
52 
(ii) Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election and undertaking by the 
Warrantholder to exercise the Warrants specified therein, provided that, in the case of a Registered 
Warrant, the person exercising and delivering such Exercise Notice is the person then appearing in the 
Register as the holder of the relevant Registered Warrant. If the person exercising and delivering the 
Exercise Notice is not the person so appearing, such Exercise Notice shall for all purposes become 
void and shall be deemed not to have been so delivered. 
(iii) After the delivery of an Exercise Notice (other than an Exercise Notice which shall become void 
pursuant to General Condition 4(b)(ii)) by a Warrantholder, such Warrantholder shall not be permitted 
to transfer either legal or beneficial ownership of the Warrants exercised thereby. Notwithstanding this, 
if any Warrantholder does so transfer or attempt to transfer such Warrants, the Warrantholder will be 
liable to the Issuer and the Guarantor for any losses, costs and expenses suffered or incurred by either 
of them including those suffered or incurred as a consequence of their having terminated any related 
hedging operations in reliance on the relevant Exercise Notice and subsequently: (i) entering into 
replacement hedging operations in respect of such Warrants; or (ii) paying any amount on the 
subsequent exercise of such Warrants without having entered into any replacement hedging operations. 
(j) General 
(i) Aggregation: Warrants held by the same Warrantholder may be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Entitlement in respect of such Warrants, provided that, the aggregate 
Entitlement in respect of the same Warrantholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the 
Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine. Fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, as the case 
may be, will not be delivered and in lieu thereof a cash adjustment calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion shall be paid to the Warrantholder. 
(ii) Dividends in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants: If, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the 
Relevant Assets to be delivered on the Settlement Date include shares, all dividends on the relevant 
shares to be delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend according to 
market practice for a sale of the shares executed on the Settlement Date and to be delivered in the same 
manner as such relevant shares. Any such dividends to be paid to a Warrantholder will be paid to the 
account specified by the Warrantholder in the relevant Exercise Notice as referred to in General 
Condition 4 (Exercise Procedure). 
(iii) Limitation on rights of Warrantholders during Intervening Period: For such period of time after 
delivery of the Entitlement as the Issuer or any person acting on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to 
be the legal owner of the Relevant Assets (the “Intervening Period”), none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Warrant Agents, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent or any other person shall at any 
time (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any Warrantholder any letter, certificate, 
notice, circular or any other document or, except as provided herein, payment whatsoever received by that 
person in respect of such Relevant Assets, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of 
any or all rights attaching to such Relevant Assets or (iii) be under any liability toa Warrantholder in 
respect of any loss or damage which such Warrantholder may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly 
or indirectly, of that person being registered during such Intervening Period as legal owner of such 
Relevant Assets. 
(iv) Replacements: If any Warrant or Warrant Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Warrant Agent, in the case of Bearer Warrants, 
or the Registrar, in the case of Registered Warrants, during normal business hours (and, if the Warrants 
are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system which requires the appointment of a Warrant Agent or a Transfer Agent in any 
particular place, the Warrant Agent or Transfer Agent having its specified office in the place required 
by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and 
stock exchange requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection 
with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the 
Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced forms must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
(k) Force Majeure, Illegality and Administrator/Benchmark Event 
(i) Subject to General Condition 4(k)(iii) below, the Issuer shall have the right to cancel the Warrants if it 
shall have determined, in its sole and absolute discretion, that (i) its performance thereunder shall have

--- Page 53 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
53 
become or will be unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance in good faith by the Issuer or 
the Guarantor with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of 
any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power (“applicable law”), or (ii) 
results in an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
(ii) In such circumstances the Issuer will, however, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay to 
each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant held by it an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, as representing the fair market value of such Warrant 
immediately prior to such cancellation (ignoring such illegality) less the cost to the Issuer of, or the 
loss realised by the Issuer or any of its affiliates on, unwinding any related underlying hedging 
arrangements, the amount of such cost or loss being as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion. Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 9 (Notices). 
(iii) Notwithstanding General Condition 4(k)(i) and (ii) above, in the event that the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent, shall give 
notice to the Issuer, and the Warrantholders as soon as reasonably practicable of the occurrence of such 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. The Calculation Agent shall then use reasonable endeavours to 
determine what amendments (if any) may be made to the terms and conditions of the Warrants that 
would result in such Administrator/Benchmark Event ceasing to apply within 20 calendar days of the 
Issuer receiving notice of the occurrence of such Administrator/Benchmark Event. In the event that the 
Calculation Agent proposes amendments to the terms and conditions of the Warrants in accordance 
with General Condition 4(k)(i), the Issuer shall make such amendments to the terms and conditions of 
the Warrants and there shall be no cancellation of the Warrants. In the event that the Calculation Agent 
determines, within 20 calendar days of the Issuer receiving notice of an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, that no amendments may be made to the terms and conditions of the Warrants, (i) the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of the same and (ii) upon, the Issuer having given not less 
than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), the Warrants shall be cancelled in accordance with 
Condition 4(k)(ii). 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(k): 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, in relation to any Benchmark, the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Pre-Cessation Event, a Rejection Event or a 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event. 
“Benchmark” means any figure or rate and where any amount payable under the Warrants, or the value of 
the Warrants, is determined by reference to such figure, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event” means, in respect of the Benchmark,: 
(A) 
any material change in such Benchmark;  
(B) 
any public statement by the relevant competent authority as a consequence of which the Benchmark 
will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Warrants; 
(C) 
the permanent cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; or 
(D) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in connection with the 
Warrants as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or 
maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in 
respect of the Warrants and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked 
or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence). 
“BMR” means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011).  
“Non-Approval Event” means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect 
of the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is not obtained or will not be obtained; 
(ii) the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is not or will not be included in an official 
register; or

--- Page 54 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
54 
(iii) the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark does not or will not fulfil any legal or regulatory 
requirement applicable to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark, 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Warrants. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not occur if the Benchmark or the administrator of the 
Benchmark is not included in an official register because its authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence or approval is suspended if, at the time of such suspension, the continued 
provision and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Warrants under the applicable law or 
regulation during the period of such suspension. 
“Pre-Cessation Event”: a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Benchmark (as 
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (A) the Benchmark is (or will be deemed by such supervisor 
to be) no longer representative of an underlying market or (B) the methodology to calculate the Benchmark 
has materially changed. 
“Rejection Event” means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body rejects or refuses, or will reject or refuse any application for authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence, approval or inclusion in any official register which, in each case, is 
required in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark under any applicable law or 
regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Warrants. 
“Suspension/Withdrawal Event” means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(i) the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws, or will suspend 
or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval 
in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark which is required under any 
applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Warrants; or 
(ii) the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is or will be removed from any official register 
where inclusion in such register is required under any applicable law in order for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Warrants. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or where inclusion in 
any official register is withdrawn if, at the time of such suspension or withdrawal, the continued provision 
and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Warrants under the applicable law or regulation 
during the period of such suspension or withdrawal. 
 
5. 
Limitations on Rights of Warrantholders and Calculations 
(i) Relevant Assets: The purchase of Warrants does not confer on any holder of such Warrants any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
(ii) Calculations: Any discretion exercised by, or any calculation made by, the Calculation Agent (in the 
absence of manifest or proven error) shall be binding on the Issuer and all Warrantholders. None of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the Calculation Agent shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions 
in any calculation or determination in respect of the Warrants. 
 
6. 
Limitations on the number of Warrants exercisable 
(a) American Style Warrants 
This General Condition 6(a) applies only to American Style Warrants. 
(i) The number of Warrants exercisable on any Actual Exercise Date (whether pursuant to Automatic 
Exercise or by delivery of an Exercise Notice by the relevant Warrantholder, in each case as 
determined by the Issuer), must not be less than the Minimum Exercise Number (if any) specified in 
the Issue Terms. If the number of Warrants purported to be exercised by a Warrantholder on any 
Actual Exercise Date (or, in the case of Automatic Exercise, the number of Warrants held by such 
Warrantholder on the Actual Exercise Date) is greater than any Minimum Exercise Number specified 
in the Issue Terms, such Warrants may only be exercised in integral multiples of the such Minimum

--- Page 55 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
55 
Exercise Amount. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision 
shall be void and of no effect. 
(ii) If the Issuer determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any Actual Exercise Date by 
any Warrantholder or a group of Warrantholders (whether or not acting in concert) exceeds the 
Maximum Exercise Number (a number equal to the Maximum Exercise Number being the “Quota”), 
the Issuer may deem the Actual Exercise Date for the first Quota of such Warrants, selected at the 
discretion of the Issuer, to be such day and the Actual Exercise Date for each additional Quota of such 
Warrants (and any remaining number thereof) to be each of the succeeding Exercise Business Days 
until all such Warrants have been attributed with an Actual Exercise Date, provided, however, that the 
deemed Actual Exercise Date for any such Warrants which would thereby fall after the Expiration Date 
shall fall on the Expiration Date. In any case where more than the Quota of Warrants is exercised on 
the same day by Warrantholder(s), the order of settlement in respect of such Warrants shall be at the 
sole discretion of the Issuer. 
(b) European Style Warrants 
This General Condition 6(b) applies only to European Style Warrants. 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on the Specified Exercise Date, as determined 
by the Issuer, must not be less than the Minimum Exercise Number (if any) specified in the Issue Terms. If 
the number of Warrants purported to be exercised by a Warrantholder on the relevant Specified Exercise 
Date is greater than any Minimum Exercise Number specified in the Issue Terms, such Warrants may only 
be exercised in integral multiples of such Minimum Exercise Amount. Any Exercise Notice which purports 
to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
(c) Bermudan Style Warrants 
This General Condition 6(c) applies only to Bermudan Style Warrants. 
(i) The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Potential Exercise Date (or, in the 
case of Automatic Exercise, the number of Warrants held by any Warrantholder on the Final Potential 
Exercise Date, in each case as determined by the Issuer), must not be less than the Minimum Exercise 
Number (if any) specified in the Issue Terms. If the number of Warrants purported to be exercised by a 
Warrantholder on any Potential Exercise Date (or, in the case of Automatic Exercise, the number of 
Warrants held by such Warrantholder on the Final Potential Exercise Date) is greater than any 
Minimum Exercise Number specified in the Issue Terms, such Warrants may only be exercised in 
integral multiples of the such Minimum Exercise Amount. Any Exercise Notice which purports to 
exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
(ii) If the Issuer determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any Potential Exercise Date by 
any Warrantholder or a group of Warrantholders (whether or not acting in concert) exceeds the Quota, 
the Issuer may deem the Potential Exercise Date for the first Quota of such Warrants, selected at the 
discretion of the Issuer, to be such day and the Potential Exercise Date for each additional Quota of 
such Warrants (and any remaining number thereof) to be each succeeding Potential Exercise Date until 
all such Warrants have been attributed with a Potential Exercise Date, provided, however, that the 
deemed Potential Exercise Date for any such Warrants which would thereby fall after the Final 
Potential Exercise Date shall fall on the Final Potential Exercise Date. In any case where more than the 
Quota of Warrants are exercised on the same day by Warrantholder(s), the order of settlement in 
respect of such Warrants shall be at the sole discretion of the Issuer. 
 
7. 
Taxation 
(a) Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be liable for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any Taxes in The 
Netherlands which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer or exercise of any Warrants. 
(b) If it is specified in the Issue Terms that a particular warrant is considered as an “option” for Spanish tax 
purposes neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be liable for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any Taxes in 
the Kingdom of Spain which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer or exercise of any Warrants. 
(c) If it is specified in the Issue Terms that a particular warrant is considered as a “financial asset” for Spanish 
tax purposes, all payments in respect of the Warrants by the Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of Spain or any political subdivision or authority thereof or therein having

--- Page 56 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
56 
the power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the holders of the Warrants after such withholding or deduction shall equal the 
respective amounts which would have been receivable in respect of the Warrants, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Warrants: 
(i) Presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Warrant by reason of his having some connection with Spain other than the mere holding of such 
Warrant; or 
(ii) Presented for payment more than 30 days after the elevant Date as defined below except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for 
payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Date (as defined also below); 
or 
(iii) to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder if such taxes or duties may be avoided by complying with 
any relevant requirement of Spanish law or by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar 
claim for exemption to any authority of or in Spain, unless such holder proved that he is not entitled so 
to comply or to make such declaration or claim, or 
(iv) Presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by presenting the relevant Warrant to another Warrant Agent in a Member State of the 
European Union. 
(d) Both the Issuer and the Guarantor shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required by the 
rules of United States Internal Revenue Code Sections 1471 through 1474 (or any amended or successor 
provisions) or pursuant to any agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“FATCA withholding”) 
as a result of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the Issuer not being 
entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be liable 
for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any Warrant 
Agent or any other party. 
In these General Conditions, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Warrant Agent 
or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of 
such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with General Condition 10. 
Likewise, the “Payment Date” means any day which is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(A) either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
currency (if other than the place of presentation, any Financial Centre and which, (x) if such currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or 
(ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; 
(B) each city specified as a Financial Centre (each, a “Financial Centre”) in the Issue Terms; and 
(C) in relation to Warrants in definitive form, the relevant place of presentation. 
 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment or delivery in respect of the Warrants shall become void unless the Warrants are presented 
for payment or delivery within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Due Date for payment or delivery. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8, “Relevant Due Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due. 
 
9. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Warrantholders to create and issue

--- Page 57 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
57 
further Warrants having terms and conditions the same as the Warrants or the same in all respects save for the 
amount and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Warrants. 
10. Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Warrants will be deemed to be validly given if published in one leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times)., The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or any other relevant authority on which the Bearer Warrants are for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in 
all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Warrants will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or (if 
posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective 
addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in 
addition, for so long as any Registered Warrants are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority, such notice will be published in a manner which complies with the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority.  
Until such time as any definitive Warrants are issued, notice may be given (so long as any Global Warrants or 
Global Warrant Certificates representing the Warrants are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (instead of by way of publication in a newspaper or mailing)) by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Warrants. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Warrants on the day after the 
day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. For so long as any 
Warrants are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to listing by another relevant authority, any such notice 
provided to any Clearing System will be also published in a manner which complies with the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority by the Issuer.  
Notices to be given by any Warrantholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case 
of any Warrants in definitive form) with the relative Warrant or Warrants, with the Principal Warrant Agent (in 
the case of Bearer Warrants) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Warrants). Whilst any of the Warrants are 
represented by a Global Warrant or Global Warrant Certificate, such notice may be given by any holder of a 
Warrant to the Principal Warrant Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, in 
such manner as the Principal Warrant Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg may 
approve for this purpose. 
 
11. Warrant Agents 
The names of the initial Warrant Agents, Registrar and Transfer Agent (collectively, the “Agents” and each, an 
“Agent”) and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(a) so long as any Bearer Warrant is outstanding, there will at all times be a Principal Warrant Agent; 
(b) so long as any Registered Warrant is outstanding, there will at all time be a Registrar and a Transfer Agent; 
(c) in relation to Warrants which are not Exempt Warrants, so long as the Warrants are admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any relevant listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, there 
will at all times be a Warrant Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; and 
(d) there will at all times be a Warrant Agent in a Member State of the European Union that will not be obliged 
to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to any European Council Directive or any law implementing or 
complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive. 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change in Agents shall only take effect, in accordance with the terms 
of the Warrant Agreement, (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices) provided that no such variation, termination, appointment or 
change in Agents shall take effect (except in the case of insolvency) within 7 days of the Settlement Date of any

--- Page 58 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
58 
Warrant. Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of any Agent will be given promptly by the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 
(Notices). 
In acting under the Warrant Agreement, the Agents will act solely as agents of each of the Issuer and Guarantor 
and do not assume any obligations or relationship of agency or trust to or with the Warrantholders. 
 
12. Modifications 
The Warrant Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Warrantholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of these 
General Conditions or any provisions of the Warrant Agreement. The Issuer may modify these Terms and 
Conditions without the consent of the Warrantholders in any manner which the Issuer may deem necessary or 
desirable provided that such modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Warrantholders or 
such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest or proven error or to cure, 
correct or supplement any defective provision contained herein and/or therein or otherwise to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer or the Guarantor, or the law 
governing the Warrants. Notice of any such modification will be given to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 10 (Notices) but failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of 
any such modification. 
 
13. Substitution 
(a) Substitution of the Issuer 
(i) The Issuer may, without the consent of the Warrantholders (and by subscribing any Warrants, each 
Warrantholder expressly consents to it), be replaced and substituted by the Guarantor or any other 
company of which 100 per cent. of the shares or other equity interests (as the case may be) carrying the 
right to vote are directly or indirectly owned by the Guarantor as principal obligor (in such capacity, 
the “Substituted Obligor”) in respect of the Warrants provided that: 
(A) a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the Substituted Obligor, the 
Issuer and (if the Substituted Obligor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor as may be necessary to 
give full effect to the substitution (together the “Documents”) and (without limiting the generality 
of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Obligor shall undertake in favour of each 
Warrantholder to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants and the provisions of the 
Warrant Agreement and the deed of covenant in respect of any Warrants in global form dated 7 
September 2020 (the “Deed of Covenant”) as fully as if the Substituted Obligor had been named 
in the Warrants, the Warrant Agreement and the Deed of Covenant as the principal obligor in 
respect of the Warrants in place of the Issuer (or any previous substitute) and (if the Substituted 
Obligor is not the Guarantor) pursuant to which the Guarantor shall unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantee (the “New Guarantee”) in favour of each Warrantholder the payment of all 
sums payable by the Substituted Obligor as such principal obligor on the same terms mutatis 
mutandis as the Guarantee; 
(B) without prejudice to the generality of General Condition 12(a)(i)(A), where the Substituted 
Obligor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes in a territory other than Spain, 
the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Obligor and/or such other provisions as 
may be necessary to ensure that each Warrantholder has the benefit of a covenant in terms 
corresponding to the provisions of General Condition 6 (Taxation) with the substitution for the 
references to The Netherlands or the Kingdom of Spain of references to the territory in which the 
Substituted Obligor is incorporated, domiciled and/or resident for taxation purposes. The 
Documents shall also contain a covenant by the Substituted Obligor and (if the Substituted 
Obligor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor to indemnify and hold harmless each Warrantholder 
against all Taxes or duties which arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being 
in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes effective, which may 
be incurred or levied against such Warrantholder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this 
General Condition and which would not have been so incurred or levied had such substitution not 
been made (and, without limiting the foregoing, any and all Taxes or duties which are imposed on 
any such Warrantholder by any political sub-division or taxing authority of any country in which 
such Warrantholder resides or is subject to any such tax or duty and which would not have been 
so imposed had such substitution not been made);

--- Page 59 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
59 
(C) the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Obligor and (if the 
Substituted Obligor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor that the Substituted Obligor and (if the 
Substituted Obligor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor have obtained all necessary governmental 
and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and (if the Substituted Obligor is not 
the Guarantor) for the giving by the Guarantor of the New Guarantee in respect of the obligations 
of the Substituted Obligor on the same terms mutatis mutandis as the Guarantee, that each of the 
Substituted Obligor and the Guarantor (if the Substituted Obligor is not the Guarantor) has 
obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the performance 
by each of the Substituted Obligor and the Guarantor (if the Substituted Obligor is not the 
Guarantor) of its obligations under the Documents and that all such approvals and consents are 
in full force and effect; 
(D) in relation to Warrants which are not Exempt Warrants, each stock exchange which has the 
Warrants listed thereon shall not have stated or otherwise indicated that following the proposed 
substitution of the Substituted Obligor the Warrants would be de-listed from such stock exchange; 
(E) the Substituted Obligor shall have appointed a process agent in England to receive service of 
process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with the Warrants or the Documents. 
(ii) Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in General Condition 12(a)(i) above, the 
Substituted Obligor shall be deemed to be named in the Warrants as the principal obligor in place of 
the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under these provisions) and the Warrants shall thereupon be 
deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents shall operate 
to release the Issuer (or such previous substitute as aforesaid) from all of its obligations in respect of 
the Warrants. 
(iii) The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Principal Warrant Agent for so long as any 
Warrant remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Obligor or (if 
the Substituted Obligor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor by any Warrantholder in relation to the 
Warrants or the Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The 
Substituted Obligor and (if the Substituted Obligor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor shall 
acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Warrantholder to the production of the Documents 
for the enforcement of any of the Warrants or the Documents. 
(iv) Not later than 15 London Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Obligor 
shall give notice thereof to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices). 
(b) Substitution of the Guarantor 
(i) The Guarantor may, without the consent of the Warrantholders (and by subscribing any Warrants, each 
Warrantholder expressly consents to it), be replaced and substituted by another companyincorporated 
anywhere in the world as the guarantor (in such capacity, the “Substituted Guarantor”) in respect of 
the Warrants provided that: 
(A) a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the Guarantor and the 
Substituted Guarantor as may be necessary to give full effect to the substitution (together the 
“Documents”) and (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the 
Substituted Guarantor shall undertake in favour of each Warrantholder to be bound by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Warrants and the provisions of the Warrant Agreement, and the Guarantee 
as fully as if the Substituted Guarantor had been named in the Warrants, the Warrant Agreement 
and the Guarantee as the guarantor in respect of the Warrants in place of the Guarantor (or any 
previous substitute) and pursuant to which the Substituted Guarantor shall unconditionally and 
irrevocably guarantee (the “New Guarantee”) in favour of each Warrantholder the payment of all 
sums payable by the Issuer as such principal obligor on the same terms mutatis mutandis as the 
Guarantee; 
(B) the Documents shall also contain a covenant by the Substituted Guarantor to indemnify and hold 
harmless each Warrantholder against all liabilities, costs, charges and expenses provided that 
insofar as the liabilities, costs, charges and expenses are Taxes or duties, the same arise by reason 
of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date 
such substitution becomes effective, which may be incurred or levied against such Warrantholder 
as a result of any substitution pursuant to this General Condition and which would not have been

--- Page 60 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
60 
so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the foregoing, 
such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and all Taxes or duties which are 
imposed on any such Warrantholder by any political sub-division or taxing authority of any 
country in which such Warrantholder resides or is subject to any such tax or duty and which 
would not have been so imposed had such substitution not been made); 
(C) the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Guarantor that the 
Substituted Guarantor has obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and 
consents for such substitution and for the giving by the Substituted Guarantor of the New 
Guarantee, that the Substituted Guarantor has obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory 
approvals and consents for the performance by the Substituted Guarantor of its obligations under 
the Documents and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect; 
(D) in relation to Warrants which are not Exempt Warrants, each stock exchange which has the 
Warrants listed thereon shall have shall not have stated or otherwise indicated that following the 
proposed substitution of the Substituted Guarantor the Warrants would be de-listed from such 
stock exchange; 
(E) the Substituted Guarantor shall have appointed a process agent in England to receive service of 
process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with the Warrants or the Documents; 
(F) the Substituted Guarantor has ratings for long-term senior debt assigned by Standard & Poor’s 
Ratings Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. or Moody’s Investors Service, 
Inc. which are the same as or higher than the credit rating for long-term senior debt of the 
Guarantor or any previous Substituted Guarantor immediately prior to such substitution; and 
(G) the substitution complies with all applicable requirements established under any applicable law. 
(ii) Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in General Condition 12(b)(i) above, the 
Substituted Guarantor shall be deemed to be named in the Warrants as the guarantor in place of the 
Guarantor (or of any previous substitute under these provisions) and the Warrants shall thereupon be 
deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents shall operate 
to release the Guarantor (or such previous substitute as aforesaid) from all of its obligations in respect 
of the Warrants and the Guarantees. 
(iii) The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Principal Warrant Agent for so long as any 
Warrant remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Guarantor by 
any Warrantholder in relation to the Warrants or the Documents shall not have been finally 
adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Guarantor shall acknowledge in the Documents 
theright of every Warrantholder to the production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the 
Warrants or the Documents. 
(iv) No later than 15 London Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted 
Guarantor shall give notice thereof to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 
(Notices). 
 
14. Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
The Warrants shall not confer any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any 
term of the Warrants, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available 
apart from that Act. 
15. Purchase by the Issuer or the Guarantor 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor may at any time purchase Warrants at any price in the open market or by 
tender or private treaty. Any Warrants so purchased may be held, surrendered for cancellation or reissued or 
resold, and Warrants so reissued or resold shall for all purposes be deemed to form part of the original Series of 
Warrants. 
 
16. Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) Governing law 
The Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed

--- Page 61 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
61 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. The Guarantee (including the status of the 
Guarantee pursuant to General Condition 2(b) (Status of the Guarantee)) and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Guarantee, are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Spanish law. 
(b) Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer agrees for the exclusive benefit of the Warrantholders that the courts of England are to have 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Warrants (including any 
disputes relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) and that 
accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising out of or in 
connection with the Warrants (including any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them) may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer (if applicable) hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to 
the laying of the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings 
have been brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any 
such Proceedings brought in the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be 
enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this General Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer (if 
applicable) in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(c) Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints the Guarantor at its registered office for the time being in England as its agent for 
service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of the Guarantor ceasing so to act or ceasing to be 
registered in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect 
of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted 
by law.

--- Page 62 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
62 
                                         ANNEX 1 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to payouts shall comprise the 
General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for payouts set out below (the “Payout 
Conditions”), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between (i) the General Conditions and/or any other Annex and (ii) the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions 
shall prevail. 
 
1. 
Structured Warrants 
(a) Use of Payout Conditions 
These Payout Conditions set out the methodology for determining various payouts and product features in 
respect of the Warrants. The applicable text shown in Payout Conditions 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 below will be 
extracted, included and completed at the paragraph indicated in the Issue Terms on the basis that 
(i) applicable text (including, where appropriate, section headings and terms defined in Payout Condition 6 
which are required to be completed) from the relevant Payout Condition will be set out at the paragraph 
indicated in the Issue Terms and (ii) inapplicable text (and any terms defined in Payout Condition 6 which 
are not required to be completed) need not be included. Where the Issue Terms specify that a table may be 
inserted, such table will set out amounts, entities, dates, items, rates, value levels, triggers, figures and other 
information which completes the definitions that appear in the relevant subparagraphs of the Issue Terms, 
the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants and the applicable Annex(es) to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants. Notwithstanding the above, a table may be inserted in any section of the Issue Terms whether or 
not is so specified that a table may be inserted in such section of the Issue Terms. 
(b) Use of Terms 
Terms in these Payout Conditions or in the Issue Terms may be attributed a numerical or letter suffix value 
when included in the Issue Terms. Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted as “j”, “k”, “m”, “q”, “n”, 
“t” “A”, “B”, “C” or “1”, “2”, “3” etc. And the term may be completed on the basis of the number or 
numbers represented by “j”, “k”, “m”, “q”, “n”, “t” , “””, “A”, “B”, “C” or 1, 2, 3 etc, as chosen at the time 
of an issue of Warrants. Moreover suffixes may be placed in series as necessary, such as “A(1)”, “B(1)”, 
“C(1)” etc. When applicable and in order to improve the reading and intelligibility of the formula(e) in the 
Issue Terms, the applicable suffixes may be included, completed and the relation between the term and the 
suffix will be explained and may be presented as a table, if necessary, in the Issue Terms. A term in Payout 
Condition 6 may be included in the applicable Issue Terms section more than once if there is more than one 
number represented by the term n, t or i. Conjunctions (e.g. or, and, but) and punctuation may also be 
included where appropriate. Suffixes may denote that a relevant term relates to an asset, item or date 
associated with that suffix. Suffixes may also be applied to payouts to denote that more than one payout 
may be applicable in respect of any Warrants. 
The constituent parts of any formula(e) or term(s) used in these Payout Conditions and that are to be 
specified in the Issue Terms may be replaced in the Issue Terms by the prescribed amount, level, or 
percentage or other value or term (the “Variable Data”). If a Variable Data has a value of either 0 (zero) or 
1 (one), or is not applicable in respect of the relevant formula(e), then the related formula(e) may be 
simplified, for the purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility in the formula(e) in Issue Terms, by 
deleting such Variable Data. 
(c) Types of Warrants 
The Issue Terms will specify whether the Warrants are: Index Linked Warrants, each an “Index Linked 
Warrant”; Equity Linked Warrants, each an “Equity Linked Warrant”, ETF Linked Warrants, each an 
“ETF Linked Warrant”, Fund Linked Warrants, each a “Fund Linked Warrant”, Inflation Linked 
Warrants, each an “Inflation Linked Warrant”; Foreign Exchange Linked Warrant, each a “Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Linked Warrant” or any combination thereof, a “Combination Warrant”. 
2. 
Final Payout Formula(e) 
For insertion and completion into Paragraph 24 “Final Payout” in the Issue Terms 
(i) 
“Final Payout (i)—European Call”

--- Page 63 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
63 
Max [0 per cent.; Leverage* (FS Value – Strike Percentage)] 
“Final Payout (ii)—European Put” 
Max [0 per cent.; Leverage* (Strike Percentage – FS Value)] 
(ii) 
“Final Payout (iii)—European Call Spread” 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [0 per cent.; Leverage* (FS Value – Strike Percentage)]] 
(iii) 
“Final Payout (iv)—European Put Spread” 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [0 per cent.; Leverage* (Strike Percentage – FS Value)]] 
(iv) 
“Final Payout (v)—Call Knock-In” 
(A) If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Max [0 per cent.; Leverage* (FS Value – Strike Percentage)]; or 
(B) If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Zero 
(v) 
“Final Payout (vi)—Put Knock-In” 
(A) If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Max [0 per cent.; Leverage* (Strike Percentage – FS Value)]; or 
(B) If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Zero 
(vi) 
“Final Payout (vii)—Bonus Call” 
(A) If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Max [Bonus Percentage; Leverage* (FS Value – Strike Percentage)]; or 
(B) If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Zero 
(vii) 
“Final Payout (viii)—Bonus Put” 
(A) If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Max [Bonus Percentage; Leverage* (Strike Percentage – FS Value)]; or 
(B) If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Zero 
(viii) 
“Final Payout (ix)—Strike Podium n Conditions” 
(A) If the Barrier Condition [1] is satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) If the Barrier Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] 
and Barrier Condition [1] is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] 
Constant Percentage 2; or 
(C) Otherwise: 
Zero 
(The above provisions of (B) may be duplicated in case more than two Barrier Conditions apply) 
(ix) 
“Final Payout (x)—Range” 
(A) If the Range Condition is satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage ; or

--- Page 64 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
64 
(B) Otherwise: 
Zero 
(x) 
“Final Payout (xi)—Reverse Range” 
(A) If the Range Condition is not satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage; or 
(B) Otherwise: 
Zero 
(xi) 
“Final Payout (xii)—Twin Win” 
(A) If Barrier Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
Leverage 1* (FS Value – Strike Percentage 1); or 
(B) If Barrier Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] and 
Barrier Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
Leverage 2* (Strike Percentage 2 – FS Value); or 
(C) Otherwise: 
Zero 
(xii) 
“Final Payout (xiii)—Twin Win Spread” 
(A) If Barrier Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
Min [Cap Percentage 1; Leverage 1* (FS Value – Strike Percentage 1)]; or 
(B) If Barrier Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] and 
Barrier Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
Min [Cap Percentage 2; Leverage 2* (Strike Percentage 2 – FS Value)]; or 
(C) Otherwise: 
Zero 
(xiii) 
“Final Payout (xiv)—Twin Win Bonus” 
(A) If Barrier Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] 
Max [Bonus Percentage 1; Leverage 1* (FS Value – Strike Percentage 1)]; or 
(B) If Barrier Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] and 
Barrier Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
Max [Bonus Percentage 2; Leverage 2* (Strike Percentage 2 – FS Value)]; or 
(C) Otherwise: 
Zero 
(xiv) 
“Final Payout (xv)—Bonus Flex” 
(A) If Range Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage 1; or 
(A) If Range Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] and 
Range Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage 2; or 
(B) Otherwise: 
Zero

--- Page 65 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
65 
(xv) 
“Final Payout (xvi)—Twin Win Podium” 
(A) If Barrier Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage 1; or 
(B) If Barrier Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] and 
Barrier Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] 
Constant Percentage 2; or 
(C) If Barrier Condition 3 is satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] and 
Barrier Condition 1 and 2 are not satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation 
Period] 
Constant Percentage 3; or 
(D) If Barrier Condition 4 is satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] and 
Barrier Condition 1, 2 and 3 are not satisfied in respect of the [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation 
Period] 
Constant Percentage 4; or 
(E) Otherwise: 
Zero 
(xvi) 
“Final Payout (xvii)—Digital” 
(A) If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage; or 
(B) If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Zero 
(xvii) 
“Final Payout (xviii)—Replace”: 
(Insert the following if local floor is applicable) 
 
(Insert the following if local floor is not applicable) 
 
(xviii) 
“Final Payout (xix)—Himalaya”: 
 
(xix) 
“Final Payout (xx)” 
(insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage* (FS Value – Strike Percentage)]) + Constant Percentage 
(insert the following if a cap and a floor are applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage* (FS Value – Strike Percentage) + Constant 
Percentage 
(insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage* (Strike Percentage – FS Value)] + Constant Percentage

--- Page 66 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
66 
(insert the following if a cap and a floor is applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage* (Strike Percentage – FS Value)]] + Constant 
Percentage 
(xx) 
“Final Payout (xxi)—Strike Podium n Barriers”: 
(A) If Barrier Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the final payout formula from “Final Payout (xx)”][no 
Cash Settlement Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) If Barrier Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] and 
Barrier Condition [1] is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the final payout formula from “Final Payout (xx)”; for 
the avoidance of doubt the selected final payout formula for this paragraph (B) may be different 
from the final payout formula for paragraph (A)][no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply] 
(C) Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 3][select and insert the final payout formula from “Final Payout (xx)”; for 
the avoidance of doubt the selected final payout formula for this paragraph (C) may be different 
from the final payout formula for any of the preceding paragraphs][no Cash Settlement Amount 
will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(The above provisions of (B) may be duplicated in case more than two barriers apply) 
(xxi) 
“Final Payout (xxii)—Knock-in”: 
(A) If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the final payout formula from “Final Payout (xx)”] [no 
Cash Settlement Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage 2; FS Value]][ select and insert the final payout formula from “Final 
Payout (xx)”; for the avoidance of doubt the selected final payout formula for this paragraph (B) 
may be different from the final payout formula for paragraph (A)] [no Cash Settlement Amount 
will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(xxii) 
“Final Payout (xxiii)—Barrier and Knock-in Standard”: 
(A) If Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
[100% + FS Additional Rate][select and insert the final payout formula from “Final Payout 
(xx)”] [no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) If Barrier Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] and 
no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage][select and insert the final payout formula from “Final Payout (xx); for the 
avoidance of doubt the selected final payout formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from 
the final payout formula for paragraph (A)] [no Cash Settlement Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(C) If Barrier Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] and a 
Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage; FS Value]][select and insert the final payout formula from “Final 
Payout (xx)”; for the avoidance of doubt the selected final payout formula for this paragraph (C) 
may be different from the final payout formula for any of the preceding paragraphs] [no Cash 
Settlement Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply].

--- Page 67 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
67 
(xxiii) 
“Final Payout (xxiv)—Booster” 
(A) If the Booster Condition is satisfied in respect of the ST Valuation Date: 100 
per cent. + Participation* (Final Value – 100 per cent.); or 
(B) If the Booster Condition is not satisfied in respect of the ST Valuation Date and no Knock-in 
Event has occurred: 
100 per cent.; or 
(C) Otherwise: 
Final Value 
(xxiv) 
“Final Payout (xxv)—Booster with Cap” 
(A) If the Booster Condition is satisfied in respect of the ST Valuation Date: 
100 per cent. + Participation* Min [Cap Percentage; Final Value – 100 per cent.]; or 
(B) If the Booster Condition is not satisfied in respect of ST Valuation Date and no Knock-in Event 
has occurred: 
100 per cent.; or 
(C) Otherwise: 
Final Value 
(xxv) 
“Final Payout (xxvi)—Autocall” 
(A) If the Final Condition is satisfied in respect of the ST Valuation Date: 100 
per cent. + Final Digital Return; or 
(B) If the Final Condition is not satisfied in respect of the ST Valuation Date and no Knock-in Event 
has occurred: 
100 per cent.; or 
(C) Otherwise: 
Final Value 
(xxvi) 
“Final Payout (xxvii)—Booster Autocall” 
(A) If the Final Condition is satisfied in respect of the ST Valuation Date: 
100 per cent. + Max [Final Digital Return; Participation* (Final Value – 100 per cent.)]; or 
(B) If the Final Condition is not satisfied in respect of the ST Valuation Date and no Knock-in Event 
has occurred: 
100 per cent.; or 
(C) Otherwise: 
Final Value 
(xxvii) 
“Final Payout (xxviii) - Call Knock-Out” 
(A) If no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Max [0 per cent.; Leverage* (FS Value – Strike Percentage)]; or 
(B) If a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Zero 
(xxviii) “Final Payout (xxix)—Put Knock-Out” 
(A) If no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Max [0 per cent.; Leverage* (Strike Percentage – FS Value)]; or If a Knock-out Event has occurred:

--- Page 68 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
68 
(B) If a Knock-out Event has occurred: Zero 
3. 
Automatic Early Expiration 
If Automatic Early Expiration is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and an Automatic Early Expiration 
Event occurs, then the Automatic Early Expiration Amount will be one of the following formulae as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms: 
For insertion in Paragraph 25 (xiv) “Automatic Early Expiration Payout” 
(i) “Automatic Early Expiration Amount (i)” 
Zero. 
(ii) “Automatic Early Expiration Amount (ii)” 
Calculation Amount* (AEE Percentage + AEE MT) 
(iii) “Automatic Early Expiration Amount (iii)” 
Calculation Amount* Max [AEE Percentage; Constant Percentage + Leverage* AEE Value)] 
(iv) “Automatic Early Expiration Amount (iv)”: Autocall 
Calculation Amount* (100 per cent. + Digital Return(i)) 
(v) “Automatic Early Expiration Amount (v)”: Booster Autocall 
Calculation Amount* [100 per cent. + Max [Digital Return(i); Participation* (Booster Value – 100 per 
cent.)]] 
 
4. 
Entitlement Amounts for Physical Delivery Warrants 
For insertion into Paragraph 26 of the Issue Terms (Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery): 
(i) “Entitlement Amount (i)”: 
[Specify number [per Warrant] [of the] [the Reference Item][the Worst Performing Reference Item][Best 
Performing Reference Item] 
(ii) “Entitlement Amount (ii)”: 
Calculation Amount / (Constant Percentage* Performing RI Strike Price* FX) 
The Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the nearest unit of each Relevant Asset capable of being 
delivered (the “Equity Element”) and in lieu thereof the Issuer will pay a residual amount (the “Residual 
Amount”) equal to: 
(Entitlement Amount – Equity Element)* Physical Delivery Price* FX 
 
5. 
Definitions 
5.1. General Definitions 
“AEE MT” means [the product of (a) [specify percentage] and (b) the number of [ST Valuation 
Dates][Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Dates] from and including the Issue Date to [and including][but 
excluding] the [the date of the relevant Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date]] [specify percentage]. 
“AEE Percentage” means [specify percentage]. 
“AEE Value” means in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]] to (k[=[specify]])] [specify value from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
“Barrier [1][2][3][4]” means [specify amount or percentage or number]. 
“Barrier Percentage Strike Price” means [specify percentage]. 
“Barrier Value” means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. (Repeat as 
necessary) 
“Basket” means: (a) if the relevant Reference Items are Indices, the Basket of Indices (as defined in the Index 
Linked Conditions) as specified in the Issue Terms; (b) if the relevant Reference Items are Shares, the Basket of

--- Page 69 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
69 
Shares (as defined in the Equity Linked Conditions) as specified in the Issue Terms; (c) if the relevant Reference 
Item are Inflation Indices, a basket composed of each Inflation Index specified in the Issue Terms 
(d) if the relevant Reference Items are ETF Shares, the ETF Basket (as defined in the ETF Linked Conditions) ; 
(e) if the relevant Reference Item are Fund Shares, the Fund Basket (as defined in the Fund Linked Conditions) 
as specified in the Issue Terms; (f) if the relevant Reference Item are Subject Currencies, a basket composed of 
each Subject Currency specified in the Issue Terms; and (g) in the case of Reference Items which are Shares, 
ETFs and/or Indices, where applicable, a basket of Shares, ETFs and/or Indices, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in each case subject to Weightings. 
“Basket Ranking” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the ranking of each Basket by Basket Value from 
highest Basket Value to lowest Basket Value in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
“Best Lock Value(i)” means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [or ST Valuation Period], the highest RI 
Value on such [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] of the Reference Item(s) in Himalaya Basket(i). 
“Best Replace Percentage” means [specify percentage]. 
“Bonus Percentage” means [specify percentage] 
“Booster Value” means in respect of an Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date and in respect of [each][the] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]] to (k[=[specify]])], the [RI Value][Best Value][Worst Value][Basket 
Value][Ranked Value][expressed as a percentage]. 
“Calculation Amount” means an amount per Warrant as specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Cap Percentage [1][2]” means [specify percentage]. 
“Constant Percentage [1][2][3][4]” means [specify percentage]. 
“Digital Return” means, in respect of [each][all][the] Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date[s],] [specify 
percentage] 
“Final Digital Return” means, [specify percentage] 
“Final Level” means, [specify percentage] 
“Final Value” means, in respect of the ST Valuation Date and in respect of [each][the] Reference Item 
(k[=[specify]] to (k[=[specify]])], the [RI Value][Best Value][Worst Value][Basket Value][Ranked Value]. 
“Floor Percentage [1][2]” means [specify percentage]. 
“FS Additional Rate” means [FS Rate][FS MT up Rate][FS Rate DCF][FS Rate MT]. 
“FS Cap Percentage” means [specify percentage]. 
“FS Constant Percentage” means [specify percentage]. 
“FS Floor Percentage” means [specify percentage]. “FS 
Leverage” means [specify percentage]. 
“FS MT up Rate” means: 
(insert if cap is applicable) 
[Min [Max [FS Floor Percentage; FS Leverage* (FS Value – FS Strike Percentage) + FS Spread]; FS Cap 
Percentage] + FS Constant Percentage].] 
(insert if cap is not applicable) 
[Max [FS Floor Percentage; FS Leverage* (FS Value – FS Strike Percentage) + FS Spread + FS Constant 
Percentage].] 
“FS Rate” means [specify rate]. 
“FS Rate DCF” means a percentage calculated as the product of the FR Rate and the applicable Day Count 
Fraction. 
“FS Rate MT” means the product of (a) [specify rate] and (b) the number of ST Valuation Dates from and 
including the Issue Date to [and including][but excluding] the date of the relevant ST Valuation Date. 
“FS Strike Percentage” means [specify percentage].

--- Page 70 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
70 
“FS Value” means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] or [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2.] 
“FX” is the relevant RI FX Level (i) on the relevant Valuation Date or if that is not a Business Day the 
immediately succeeding Business Day. 
“Himalaya Basket(i)” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date(i), a Basket comprising each Reference Item in 
Himalaya Basket(i-1) but excluding the Reference Item in relation to Best Lock Value(i-1). 
“K” means [specify number], being the total number of Reference Items in the Basket. 
“Knock-in Value” means,” in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] or [ST Valuation Period],] [and in respect of 
[each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] , [specify defined term from Payout Condition 
5.2.]]. 
“Knock-out Value” means in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of 
[each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] , [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
“Leverage” means [specify percentage]. 
“Local Floor Percentage” means [specify percentage]. 
“M” means a series of ST Valuation Dates or ST Valuation Periods. 
“Max” followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the amounts 
separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
“Min” followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the amounts separated 
by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
“Modified Value” means: 
f the FS Value(I,k) is one of the nfixed greatest value in the basket of Reference Items, the Best Replace 
Percentage; and 
otherwise, FS Value 
“nfixed” means [specify number]. 
“Option FX”: If Option FX is specified as applicable in respect of any Formula(e) in the Issue Terms, the RI FX 
Rate will be applied to the calculation of the relevant payout formula as further specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms. 
“Participation” means [specify percentage]. 
“Physical Delivery Price” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Closing Value in respect of the 
Reference Item [with the] [Worst Value][Best Value][Ranked Value][on such ST Valuation Date]. 
“Ranked RI Weighting” means, in respect of a Reference Item, the percentage specified for the ordinal 
positioning of the Reference Item in the Ranking. 
“Range Value” means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] or [ST Valuation Period], [specify defined term from 
Payout Condition 5.2.] 
“Ranking” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the ranking of each Reference Item by RI Value from 
highest RI Value to lowest RI Value in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
“Reference Item [1][2]….[N]” the asset or reference basis specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“RI Weighting” means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify number, amount or percentage]. 
“Spread” means [specify percentage]. 
“Strike Percentage [1][2]” means [specify percentage]. 
“Total M” means [specify number] being the total number of [ST Valuation Dates][ST Valuation Periods] for the 
Warrants. (REVISAR) 
“Weighting” means [specify in relation to each Reference Item comprising the Basket].

--- Page 71 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
71 
5.2. Value Definitions 
“Average Basket Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Basket 
Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Average Best Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Best Values on 
each ST Valuation Datein such ST Valuation Period. 
“Average Rainbow Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Rainbow 
Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Average Worst Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Worst Values 
on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Barrier Initial Price” means a price equal to the product of (x) the RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on 
the [Strike Date][Initial Calculation Date] and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
“Barrier Initial Maximum Price” means a price equal to the product of (x) the greatest RI Closing Value for a 
Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period] 
and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
“Barrier Initial Minimum Price” means an amount equal to the product of (x) the lowest RI Closing Value for 
such Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation 
Period] and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
“Barrier Initial Average Price” means an amount equal to the product of (x) the arithmetic average of the RI 
Closing Values for a Reference Item on each [Strike Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the 
Initial Calculation Period] and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
“Basket Performance” means in respect of an ST Valuation Date, (a) the Basket Value in respect of such day 
minus (b) 100 per cent. 
“Basket Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Reference 
Item in the Basket as (a) the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date multiplied by 
(b) the relevant RI Weighting. 
“Basket Intraday Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date and any time at which a value for all the 
Reference Items in the Basket is calculated], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference Item in the 
Basket at such time as (a) the RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item is calculated in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant RI Weighting. 
“Best Intraday Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Intraday Value for the Reference Item(s) 
with the highest or equal highest RI Intraday Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date. 
“Best Performance” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Performance for the Reference Item(s) with 
the highest or equal highest Performance for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date. 
“Best Performing Reference Item” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Reference Item(s) with 
highest or equal highest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date 
“Best Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for the Reference Item(s) with the highest or 
equal highest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
“FX Average Level” means the arithmetic average of the RI FX Levels for a Reference Item on each [Strike Day 
in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
“FX Closing Level” means the RI FX Level for a Reference Item on the [Strike Date][Initial Calculation Date]. 
“FX Maximum Level” means the greatest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike 
Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
“FX Minimum Level” means the lowest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike 
Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
“FX Value” means, in respect of a Reference Item and any day, either (i) the RI FX Level for such day divided 
by the RI FX Strike Level or (ii) the RI FX Strike Level divided by the RI FX Level for such day, as specified in 
the Issue Terms.

--- Page 72 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
72 
“Highest Basket Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Basket Value on 
any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Highest Best Intraday Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Best 
Intraday Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Highest Best Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Best Value on any 
ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Highest Rainbow Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Rainbow 
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Highest RI Intraday Value” means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the highest or 
equal highest RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Highest RI Value” means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal 
highest RI Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Highest Worst Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Worst Value on 
any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Inflation Rate” means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period], [specify defined term from 
Payout Condition 5.2 for a Reference Item which is an Inflation Index.] 
“Initial Average Price” means for a Reference Item, the arithmetic average of the RI Closing Value for a 
Reference Item on each Strike Day in the Strike Period. [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period] 
“Initial Closing Price” means the RI Closing Value of a Reference Item on [the Strike Date][the Initial 
Calculation Date]. 
“Initial Maximum Price” means the highest RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the 
Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
“Initial Minimum Price” means the lowest RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the 
Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
“Intraday Level” means, in respect of an Index and subject to the Index Linked Conditions, an amount equal to 
the level of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent at any relevant time during the regular trading 
session hours of the relevant Exchanges, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular 
trading session hours, on the relevant ST Valuation Date [multiplied by the FX Value]. 
“Intraday Price” means, in respect of (i) a Share, an ETF Share or a Fund Share and subject to the Equity 
Linked Conditions the ETF Linked Conditions or the Fund Linked Conditions, as applicable, an amount equal to 
the price of such Share or Fund Share quoted on the relevant Exchange as determined by the Calculation Agent 
at any relevant time during the regular trading session hours of the relevant Exchange, without regard to after 
hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours, on the relevant ST Valuation Date 
[multiplied by the FX Value]; and (ii) in respect of a Subject Currency and subject to the Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Conditions, a rate determined by reference to the definition of Settlement Price in the Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Conditions by the Calculation Agent and for such purpose the applicable Valuation Time shall be any 
relevant time on the relevant ST Valuation Date. 
“Inverse Performance” means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, (a) the RI Inverse Value 
in respect of such day minus (b) 100 per cent. [and multiplied by (c) the FX Value] 
“Lowest Basket Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Basket Value on 
any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Lowest Best Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Best Value on any 
ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Lowest Rainbow Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Rainbow Value 
on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Lowest RI Intraday Value” means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or 
equal lowest RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Lowest RI Value” means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest 
RI Value for such Reference Item for all the ST Valuation Dates in such ST Valuation Period.

--- Page 73 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
73 
“Lowest Worst Intraday Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest Worst Intraday Value on 
any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Lowest Worst Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Worst Value on 
any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
“Performance” means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, (a) the RI Value for such 
Reference Item in respect of such day minus (b) 100 per cent. [, and multiplied by (c) the FX Value] 
“Performance Difference” means in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Performance for Reference Item 
(k[=[specify]]) in respect of such ST Valuation Date minus the Performance for Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) 
in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
“Performing RI Strike Price” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Initial Value in respect of the 
Reference Item [with the][Worst Value][Best Value][Ranked Value] [on such ST Valuation Date]. 
“Rainbow Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Reference 
Item in the Basket as (a) the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date multiplied by 
(b) the relevant Ranked RI Weighting. 
“Ranked Basket Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Basket Value in respect of the Basket with 
the [first][second][specify] ordinal positioning in the Basket Ranking in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
“Ranked Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value in respect of the Reference Item with the 
[first][second][specify] ordinal positioning in the Ranking in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
“Restrike Performance” means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date (a) (i) the RI Closing 
Value for such Reference Item in respect of such day divided by (ii) the RI Closing Value for such Reference 
Item in respect of the immediately preceding ST Valuation Date or if none, the [Strike Date][Initial Calculation 
Date] (b) less 100 per cent.[, and multiplied by (c) the FX Value]. 
“RI Average Value” means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] the arithmetic average 
of the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of each [set of] Averaging Date[s] specified in 
relation to such ST Valuation Date, [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
“RI Closing Value” means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date: 
(a) if the relevant Reference Item is an Index, the Settlement Level (as defined in the Index Linked Conditions); 
(b) if the relevant Reference Item is a Share, the Settlement Price (as defined in the Equity Linked Conditions); 
(c) if the relevant Reference Item is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level (as defined in the Inflation Linked 
Conditions); 
(d) if the relevant Reference Item is an Exchange Traded Fund, the Settlement Price of the ETF Share (as 
defined in the ETF Linked Conditions); 
(e) if the relevant Reference Item is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share (as defined in the Fund Linked 
Conditions); [and/or] 
(f) if the relevant Reference Item is a Subject Currency, the Settlement Price (as defined in the Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions); 
in each case on such ST Valuation Date. 
“RI FX Level” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, and for the purpose of converting an amount in respect 
of a Reference Item into the Specified Currency, [the Settlement Exchange Rate on the RI FX Observation Date 
immediately following such ST Valuation Date.][the FX rate determined as set out in paragraph 29 in the Issue 
Terms.][(include relevant rate or page/service and, if applicable, observation time)[(or any successor to such 
page or service)] or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the RI FX Level from such source, the RI FX 
Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the rate it determines would have prevailed but for such 
impracticability, by reference to any such source(s) and/or any information that the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.]

--- Page 74 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
74 
“RI FX Rate” means (i) the RI FX Level, (ii) the FX Value or (iii) the number, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms 
“RI FX Strike Level” means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify rate][FX Closing Level][FX Maximum 
Level][FX Minimum Level][FX Average Level]. 
“RI Growing Average Value” means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the arithmetic 
average of [(a)][i)] the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of each Averaging Date[s] specified 
in relation to such ST Valuation Date on which the RI Closing Value is [equal to or][higher than] the RI Closing 
Value in respect of the immediately preceding Averaging Date or if none, the RI Initial Value, divided by [ii] 
the relevant RI Initial Value [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
“RI Initial Value” means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify price] [Exercise Price] [Initial Closing Price] 
[Initial Maximum Price] [Initial Minimum Price][Initial Average Price] [Barrier Initial Price] [Barrier Initial 
Maximum Price] [Barrier Initial Minimum Price] [Barrier Initial Average Price]. 
“RI Intraday Level” means: 
(a) if the relevant Reference Item is an Index, the Intraday Level; or 
(b) if the relevant Reference Item is a Share, an ETF Share or a Fund Share, the Intraday Price; or 
(c) if the relevant Reference Item is a Subject Currency, the Intraday Price. 
“RI Intraday Value” means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the RI Intraday 
Level for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant RI Initial Value 
[multiplied by (b) FX Value]. 
“RI Inverse Value” means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the RI Initial Value 
divided by (ii) the [RI Closing Value][RI Average Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
“RI Restrike Value” means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date (a) the RI Closing Value for 
such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date divided by (b) the RI Closing Value for such Reference 
Item in respect of the immediately preceding ST Valuation Date or if none, the [Strike Date] [Initial Calculation 
Date]. 
“RI Value” means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the [RI Closing Value][RI 
Average Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date, divided by (ii) the relevant RI 
Initial Value [multiplied by (b) the FX Value] [(expressed as a percentage)]. 
“RI Value Difference” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) 
in respect of such ST Valuation Date minus the RI Value for Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) in respect of such 
ST Valuation Date. 
“Worst Intraday Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Intraday Value for the Reference 
Item(s) with the lowest or equal lowest RI Intraday Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such 
ST Valuation Date. 
“Worst Inverse Value” means, in respect of ST Valuation Date, the RI Inverse Value for the Reference Item(s) 
with the lowest or equal lowest RI Inverse Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date. 
“Worst Performance” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Performance for the Reference Item(s) with 
the lowest or equal lowest Performance for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date. 
“Worst Performing Reference Item” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Reference Item(s) with the 
lowest or equal lowest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
“Worst Value” means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for the Reference Item(s) with the lowest 
or equal lowest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
 
5.3. Dates and Periods 
Payments under the Warrants may be associated with ST Valuation Dates and/or ST Valuation Periods, as the 
case may be, as specified in the Issue Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, several set of dates may be used for

--- Page 75 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
75 
the determination and calculation of a particular payout. If, as a result of application of any provision of these 
Conditions, the date on which any determination in respect of a payment is due to be made (including, without 
limitation, any Valuation Date) is postponed (the “Postponed Date”) and would consequently fall on or after 
such relevant payment date (including, without limitation any Automatic Early Expiration Date), the date for 
such payment shall be postponed to first Business Day immediately succeeding the Postponed Date. 
“RI FX Observation Date” means, in respect of the RI FX level and a ST Valuation Date, the SER Valuation 
Date (as may be adjusted in accordance with the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions) immediately following 
such ST Valuation Date. 
“ST Valuation Date” means each [of the][Strike Date][Exercise Date][Exercise Business Day][Specified 
Exercise Date][Potential Exercise Date] [Final Potential Exercise Date] [Expiration Date][Automatic Early 
Expiration Valuation Date][Averaging Date][Valuation Date][Settlement Price Date] [Observation Date] 
[Determination Date] [Knock-in Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Settlement Level 
Date][Settlement Price Date][Calculation Date][Initial Calculation Date][Final Calculation Date][Fund Valuation 
Date] 
“ST Valuation Period” means each [Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period][ST-Exercise 
Period][Exercise Period] [Knock-in Determination Period][Knock-out Determination Period] ][Valuation 
Period][Exercise Period][Observation Period] 
 
5.4. Conditional Conditions 
If one or more conditions defined below are applicable for the determination and calculation of a payout 
formula(e), the definition shall be inserted, completed and adjusted in the Issue Terms in order to take into 
account any value definitions in Payout Condition 5.2, relevant Date(s) and or Periods, and/or other Variable 
Data. 
“Barrier Condition” means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], that the Barrier Value [on 
such ST Valuation Date][in respect of ST Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Barrier. 
“Barrier Condition 1” means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], that the Barrier Value 
[on such ST Valuation Dates] [in respect of such ST Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent is 
[greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] Barrier 1. 
“Barrier Condition 2” means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ ST Valuation Period] that the Barrier Value 
on such [ST Valuation Date] [in respect of such ST Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent is 
[greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] Barrier [1][, but is [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] Barrier 2.] 
“Booster Condition” means, in respect of the ST Valuation Date, that the Final Value on such ST Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is equal to or greater than the Final Level. 
“Final Condition” means, in respect of the ST Valuation Date, that the Final Value on such ST Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, is equal to or greater than the Final Level. 
“Range Condition [1][2]” means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ ST Valuation Period] that the Range 
Value on such [ST Valuation Date] [in respect of such ST Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation 
Agent is [greater than][greater than or equal to] the Barrier [1] and [less than][less than or equal to] the Barrier 
[2]. 
 
5.5. Enumeration Convention 
Without prejudice to any other provision of these Payout Conditions and as a general rule the following suffixes 
in relation to the payout terms will be used. Other suffix terms may be selected and may be included in the Issue 
Terms with other definitions or provisions from the Payout Conditions: 
“i” [from i = [specify] to i = [specify]] or “m” [from m = [specify] to m = [specify]] in relation to the relevant ST 
Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period. 
“j” [from j = [specify] to j = [specify] means the relevant Strike Date. 
“k” [from k = [specify] to k = [specify]] means the relevant Reference Item.

--- Page 76 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
76 
“q” [from q = [specify] to q = [specify] or “t” [from t = [specify] to t = [specify] means the relevant Observation 
Date or ST Valuation Date. 
Any of these suffixes will be inserted, completed and explained, if necessary, in the Issue Terms and a table for a 
better understanding may be included, especially in case two or more suffixed apply. 
6. 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
If Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then notwithstanding the 
Warrants are denominated in, and calculations made in respect of, the Specified Currency (the “SER Subject 
Currency”), “), as shall be specified in the Issue Terms either, (i) all payments or (ii) only those payments to 
which the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified to apply, in respect of the Warrants shall be made 
in the Settlement Currency (the “Settlement Currency” or the “SER Base Currency”). 
Unless SER—Intermediate Currency Requirements are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the amount to be paid in the SER Base Currency by applying the Settlement 
Exchange Rate to the amount that would have been payable in the SER Subject Currency were it not for the 
provisions of this Payout Condition 6. 
If SER Intermediate Currency Requirements are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the amount to be paid in the SER Base Currency by (i) applying the Settlement Exchange 
Rate to the amount that would have been payable in the SER Subject Currency were it not for the provisions of 
this Payout Condition 6 to produce an amount denominated in the SER Intermediate Currency, and then 
(ii) applying the Second Settlement Exchange Rate to such amount denominated in the SER Intermediate 
Currency. 
Any such payment shall be made on the date such payment would have otherwise been due provided that, if limb 
(b) of the definition of “Settlement Exchange Rate” below applies, such payment may be deferred in accordance 
with Payout Condition 6.1(e) below if the SER Valuation Date is postponed as set out herein. No additional 
amount shall be payable in respect of any such delay. 
 
6.1. SER Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Payout Condition 6.1 apply only in respect of the SER Subject Currency, where 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and limb (b) and/or (c) of the 
definition of “Settlement Exchange Rate” below applies. 
(a) SER Disruption Events 
The occurrence of any of the following events shall be a “SER Disruption Event”: 
Where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/PEN, USD/CLP or USD/ COP, 
unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the occurrence of a Price Source Disruption, or any other 
event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous thereto and/or, where so specified in the 
Issue Terms, the occurrence of any of the events set out in sub-paragraphs (ii) to (viii) below or any other 
event that in the opinion of the Calculation Agent is analogous thereto. 
In respect of any other Settlement Exchange Rate, if so specified in the Issue Terms, the occurrence of any 
of the following events: 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) Nationalisation; 
(viii) Price Materiality; and/or

--- Page 77 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
77 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (viii) above. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 10 of the occurrence of a SER Disrupted Day on any day that but for the occurrence of 
the SER Disrupted Day would have been a SER Valuation Date. 
(b) Consequences of a SER Disruption Event 
Upon a SER Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the day 
on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant SER Price Source) 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining the consequences 
of the SER Disruption Event: (a) Calculation Agent Determination where the applicable SER Disruption 
Event is other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the applicable SER Disruption 
Fallback where the applicable SER Disruption Event is a Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality. 
(c) SER Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a SER Valuation Date is a 
SER Unscheduled Holiday in respect of the SER Subject Currency then such date shall be the immediately 
succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day after the occurrence of the SER Unscheduled Holiday, subject as 
provided above, and Provided That if such SER Valuation Date has not occurred on or before the SER 
Maximum Days of Postponement then the next SER Scheduled Trading Day after such period that would 
have been a SER Scheduled Trading Day but for the SER Unscheduled Holiday shall be deemed to be the 
relevant date for valuation and the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on such day in its sole discretion acting in good faith having taken into account relevant market practice and 
by reference to such additional source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
(d) SER Cumulative Events 
If “SER Cumulative Events” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then, in no event shall the total 
number of consecutive calendar days during which any SER Valuation Date is postponed as a consequence 
of the provisions of this Payout Condition 6.1 due to either (i) a SER Unscheduled Holiday or (ii) a SER 
Valuation Postponement (or a combination of both (i) and (ii)) exceed the SER Maximum Cumulative Days 
of Postponement in the aggregate. If a SER Valuation Date is postponed by the number of calendar days 
equal to the SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement and at the end of such period (i) a SER 
Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day immediately following such period 
(the “Final Day”), then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the relevant SER Valuation Date and (ii) if a 
Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the Final Day, then Valuation Postponement 
shall not apply and the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined in accordance with the next applicable 
SER Disruption Fallback. Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, SER Cumulative Events will be 
deemed to be specified as applicable for the purposes of this Condition (d) if the Settlement Exchange Rate 
is specified in the Issue Terms as either USD/PEN, USD/CLP or USD/COP. 
(e) Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any SER Valuation Date is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Payout Condition 
6.1, then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any assets shall fall on the later of 
(a) the date for such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Issue Terms and 
(b) (i) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/PEN, USD/CLP or 
USD/COP, the day falling two SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days after the SER Valuation 
Date, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, and (ii) in the case of any other Settlement Exchange 
Rate, the day falling the SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified in the Issue Terms (or, if 
none are so specified, two Business Days) after the SER Valuation Date. 
 
6.2. Consequences of a SER Additional Disruption Event 
Other than where limb (a) of the definition of “Settlement Exchange Rate” below applies, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that a SER Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may settle the Warrants by 
giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10. If the Warrants are so settled the 
Issuer will pay an amount to each Warrantholder (if any) in respect of each Warrant held by him which amount 
shall be the fair market value of a Warrant (which may be zero), taking into account the SER Additional 
Disruption Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging

--- Page 78 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
78 
arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments (if any) 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10. 
6.3. Definitions 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (A) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or 
(B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is unable to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Warrants or it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in 
respect of the Warrants. 
“Dual Exchange Rate” means that the SER Subject Currency splits into dual or multiple currency exchange 
rates. 
“EMTA” means EMTA, Inc., the trade association for the Emerging Markets. 
“Exchange Rate Divergence” means: 
(i) if the Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the Issue Terms is USD/ARS, that, in the reasonable opinion of 
not less than 5 unaffiliated EMTA Members notified to EMTA (or its successor) by no later than 4 p.m., 
Buenos Aires time on the SER Valuation Date, the SER Price Source has failed, for a period of not less than 
three consecutive SER Scheduled Trading Days (for any reason, including due to a split in the currency 
exchange rate or other event) to reflect the current prevailing Argentine Peso bid and offer rates for a 
standard size Argentine Peso/U.S. Dollar financial transaction for same-day settlement in the Buenos Aires 
marketplace on the SER Valuation Date; and 
(ii) if the Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the Issue Terms is USD/BRL, that, in the reasonable and 
independent judgement, as notified to EMTA in accordance with the EMTA BRL Exchange Rate 
Divergence Procedures, of not less than 7 unaffiliated EMTA members that are recognized market makers 
active in the BRL/U.S. Dollar foreign exchange market (no less than 4 of which shall be active participants 
in the onshore BRL/USD spot market), the SER Price Source (following a split of the exchange rates in 
Brazil or otherwise) no longer reflects the then-prevailing Brazilian Reais / U.S. Dollar spot rate for 
standard-size wholesale financial transactions involving the exchange of Brazilian Reais for 
U.S. Dollars delivered outside of Brazil, and 
(iii) if the Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the Issue Terms is a rate other than USD/ARS or USD/BRL 
but, it is specified in the relevant EMTA Template Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Issue Date and in respect of such Settlement Exchange Rate, that Price Source Disruption shall include 
Exchange Rate Divergence, then Exchange Rate Divergence shall have the meaning given in the relevant 
EMTA Template Terms with respect to such Settlement Exchange Rate. 
“General Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to convert a 
SER Subject Currency into the SER Base Currency or a SER Subject Currency into the SER Intermediate 
Currency in a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction through customary legal channels. 
“General Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to deliver 
(A) the SER Base Currency from accounts inside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside a SER 
Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the SER Subject Currency between accounts inside a SER Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
“Governmental Authority” means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or (ii) any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank), in each 
case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 79 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
79 
“Illiquidity Disruption” means the occurrence of any event in respect of the SER Subject Currency whereby it 
becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed 
necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations under the Warrants (in one or more transaction(s)) on 
the relevant SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such SER Valuation Date would, in 
the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant SER Price Source). 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Initial Settlement Exchange Rate” or “Initial SER” means the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms 
“Second Settlement Exchange Rate” means the rate published on the price source (or successor to such source) 
at the observation time, both specified as such in the Issue Terms, for the exchange of the SER Settlement 
Currency per one unit of the SER Intermediate Currency, however, (i) if it is not reasonably practicable to 
determine such rate at such time due to a SER Disruption Event or such other delay or postponement in 
converting the SER Base Currency into the SER Intermediate Currency, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to 
the consequence of such event, observe such rate as soon as practicable once the conversion into the Intermediate 
Currency has taken place, or (ii) if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the Second Settlement Exchange 
Rate from such source, the Second Settlement Exchange Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the 
rate it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it deems 
appropriate for the exchange of the SER Intermediate Currency per one unit of the SER Base Currency at or 
about the time and by reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate. 
“Material Change in Circumstance” means the occurrence of any event (other than those events specified as 
SER Disruption Events) in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction beyond the control of the parties to a hedging 
arrangement in respect of the Warrants which makes it impossible (A) for a party to fulfil its obligations under 
the hedging arrangement or (B) generally to fulfil obligations similar to such party’s obligations under that 
hedging arrangement. 
“Nationalisation” means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by any 
Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Warrants of all or 
substantially all of its assets in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
“Price Materiality” means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the SER Primary Rate differs 
from any SER Secondary Rate by at least the SER Price Materiality Percentage or if there are insufficient 
responses on the relevant SER Valuation Date to any survey used to calculate any such rate, then the SER Price 
Materiality Percentage will be deemed to be met. 
“Price Source Disruption” means, in respect of any date on which a calculation is due to be made in accordance 
with these Settlement Exchange Rate provisions, that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from 
which the Settlement Exchange Rate is calculated and, where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the 
Issue Terms as: 
(i) USD/ARS; 
(ii) USD/BRL; or 
(iii) any other Settlement Exchange Rate in respect of which the Calculation Agent determines that as of the 
Issue Date, the relevant EMTA Template Terms for such rate (if any) specifies that Price Source Disruption 
includes Exchange Rate Divergence, 
then Price Source Disruption shall include Exchange Rate Divergence. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the relevant page specified as such in the Issue Terms or any successor to such 
page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
“Settlement Currency” or “SER Base Currency” means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 80 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
80 
“Settlement Exchange Rate” means (a) the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms, (b) if no such rate is 
specified and, subject as referred to in Payout Condition 6.1 above, the rate of exchange appearing on the SER 
Price Source at the SER Valuation Time on the relevant SER Valuation Date for the exchange of the SER Subject 
Currency per one unit of the SER Base Currency for settlement on the SER Number of Settlement Days; or (c) if 
SER Intermediate Currency Requirements are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and no rate is specified 
as the Settlement Exchange Rate in the Issue Terms, the rate of exchange appearing on the SER Price Source at 
the SER Valuation Time on the relevant SER Valuation Date for the exchange of the SER Subject Currency per 
one unit of the SER Intermediate Currency for settlement on the SER Number of Settlement Days. 
“SER Additional Disruption Event” means (i) (unless specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms) Change 
in Law, or (ii) Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the Issue Terms. 
“SER Disrupted Day” means any SER Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that 
a SER Disruption Event has occurred. 
“SER Disruption Fallback” means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for determining 
the Settlement Exchange Rate when a SER Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a SER Valuation 
Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by the SER Price Source) being, 
(i) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/PEN, USD/CLP or USD/COP 
in the following order: Valuation Postponement and Calculation Agent Determination (unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms); and 
(ii) in the case of any other Settlement Exchange Rate, any of Calculation Agent Determination, First Fallback 
Reference Price, Second Fallback Reference Price and Valuation Postponement, as so specified in the Issue 
Terms for such SER Subject Currency. 
Where more than one SER Disruption Fallback is so specified then such SER Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in 
the order in which they are specified either in (i) or (ii) above or in the Issue Terms until the Settlement 
Exchange Rate can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that SER Settlement Currency, for such SER 
Valuation Date. 
Where: 
“Calculation Agent Determination” means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Exchange 
Rate taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. If the Calculation Agent determines that it is 
not possible to determine the Settlement Exchange Rate, the Issuer may cancel all but not some only of the 
Warrants pursuant to General Condition 4(k). 
“First Fallback Reference Price” means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Exchange 
Rate by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for which purpose, references in the 
definition of Settlement Exchange Rate to “SER Price Source”, “SER Valuation Time” and “SER Number of 
Settlement Days” shall be construed, respectively, to be to “SER First Fallback Price Source”, “SER First 
Fallback Valuation Time” and “SER First Fallback Number of Settlement Days” (in each case, where such terms 
shall have the meanings given to them in the Issue Terms). 
“Second Fallback Reference Price” means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Exchange 
Rate by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, for which purpose, references in the 
definition of Settlement Exchange Rate to “SER Price Source”, “SER Valuation Time” and “SER Number of 
Settlement Days” shall be construed, respectively, to be to “SER Second Fallback Price Source”, “SER Second 
Fallback Valuation Time” and “SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement Days” (in each case, where such 
terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Issue Terms). 
“SER Intermediate Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement” means (i) where the SER Subject Currency is PEN, 
CLP or COP, 30 calendar days, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, and (ii) for any other SER Subject 
Currency, the number of days specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar 
days. 
“SER Maximum Days of Postponement” means the number of days specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if 
no such number is specified, 30 calendar days.

--- Page 81 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
81 
"SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days" means SER Settlement Days unless otherwise specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
“SER Number of Settlement Days” means, in respect of a SER Subject Currency, the number of days on which 
commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in the SER Settlement Day Centre(s) (each, a “SER Settlement Day”). Where no such number or zero 
is so specified, then such rate shall be for settlement on the same day, provided that 
(i) where the Subject Currency is CLP, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the SER Number of 
Settlement Days shall be deemed to be 1 and (ii) where the Subject Currency is PEN or COP, unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms, the SER Number of Settlement Days shall be deemed to be zero. 
“SER Price Materiality Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if no such 
percentage is specified, 3 per cent. 
“SER Price Source” means 
(a) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/PEN, unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms, in respect of a SER Valuation Date the “PEN INTERBANK AVE (PEN05) 
Rate” being the PEN/USD average exchange rate in the interbank market, expressed as the amount of PEN 
per one USD for settlement on the same day, reported by the Banco Central de Perú (www.bcrp.gob.pe) (or 
any successor or replacement to such page) as the “Tipo de Cambio Interbancario Promedio” at 
approximately 2.00 p.m. Lima Time (the “SER Valuation Time”) on that SER Valuation Date; 
(b) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/CLP, unless otherwise specified 
in the Issue Terms, in respect of a SER Valuation Date the “CLP DÓLAR OBS (CLP 10)” rate being the 
USD/CLP exchange rate, expressed as the amount of CLP per one USD, for settlement in one SER 
Scheduled Trading Day reported by the Banco Central de Chile (www.bcentral.cl) (or any successor or 
replacement to such page) as the “Dólar Observado” rate by no later than 10.30 a.m. Santiago time (the 
“SER Valuation Time”), on the first SER Scheduled Trading Day following that SER Valuation Date (or 
any successor or replacement to such page); 
(c) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/COP, unless otherwise specified 
in the Issue Terms, in respect of a SER Valuation Date the “COP TRM (COP02) Rate” being the USD/COP 
exchange rate for such day, expressed as the amount of COP per one USD, for settlement on the same day 
reported by the Colombian Financial Superintendency as published on its website (www.banrep.gov.co) (or 
any successor or replacement to such page) as the “Tasa Representativa del Mercado (TRM)” (also referred 
to as the “Tasa de Cambio Representativa del Mercado” (TCRM)) by no later than 10.30 a.m. Bogotá time 
(the “SER Valuation Time”) on the first SER Scheduled Trading Day following such SER Valuation Date; 
or 
(d) for any other Settlement Exchange Rate, such other price source(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms (or 
any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“SER Primary Rate” means the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
“SER Secondary Rate” means the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
“SER Settlement Day Centres” means (i) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms 
as USD/PEN, USD/COP or USD/CLP, New York (unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms) and (ii) for any 
other Settlement Exchange Rate, each SER Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
“SER Scheduled Trading Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of 
a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in 
accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each SER Scheduled Trading Day 
City specified in the Issue Terms provided that where the SER Subject Currency is BRL, then notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if the relevant SER Valuation Date falls on a date that, as at the Trade Date, is not a scheduled day 
on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a Disruption Event would have been open) 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign 
exchange market) in New York City (an “NYC Business Day”) then no adjustment to such date shall be made 
on account of the fact that such date is not an NYC Business Day. 
“SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities” means (i) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the 
Issue Terms as USD/PEN, the SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities shall be, unless otherwise specified in the

--- Page 82 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
82 
Issue Terms, New York City and Lima, (ii) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms 
as USD/CLP, the SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities shall be, unless otherwise specified in the 
Issue Terms, in New York City and Santiago; (iii) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue 
Terms as USD/COP, the SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities shall be, unless otherwise specified in the Issue 
Terms, New York City and Bogotá; and (iv) in other cases the city or cities specified in the Issue Terms 
“SER Subject Currency” means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
“SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction” means each country for which the SER Subject Currency is the lawful 
currency or each country for which the SER Intermediate Currency is the lawful currency, as the case may be. 
“SER Unscheduled Holiday” means a day that is not a SER Scheduled Trading Day and the market was not 
aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) 
until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the SER Subject Currency two SER 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to the relevant scheduled SER Valuation Date. 
“SER Valuation Date” means any date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a SER 
Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding SER Scheduled Trading Day and, in the event of a SER 
Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Payout Condition 6.1(c) above, unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, the resultant day is a SER Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Payout 
Condition 6.1(b) shall apply. Where the amount so due is the Early Redemption Amount, then the SER Valuation 
Date shall be deemed to be the fifth SER Scheduled Trading Day prior to the date of early settlement of the 
Warrants. 
“SER Valuation Time” means, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, (i) where the Settlement 
Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/PEN, approximately 2.00 p.m. Lima Time on the SER 
Valuation Date, (ii) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/CLP, no later 
than 10.30 a.m. Santiago time on the first SER Scheduled Trading Day following the SER Valuation Date, 
(iii) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/COP, no later than 10.30 a.m. 
Bogotá time on the first SER Scheduled Trading Day following the SER Valuation Date, or (iv) the time at which 
the SER Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Exchange Rate is calculated. 
“Valuation Postponement” means that the Settlement Exchange Rate, shall be determined on the immediately 
succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not a SER Disrupted Day unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that no such SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not a SER Disrupted Day has occurred on or 
before the day falling the SER Maximum Days of Postponement following the originally designated SER 
Valuation Date, as the case may be. In such event, the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined on the next 
SER Scheduled Trading Day after the SER Maximum Days of Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that day 
may be a SER Disrupted Day) in accordance with the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback.

--- Page 83 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
83 
                     
                              ANNEX 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Index Linked Warrants shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Index Linked Warrants set out 
below (the “Index Linked Conditions”), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex 
which is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions, the Index Linked Conditions 
shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Index Linked Conditions and the Payout 
Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
 
1. 
Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Warrant Agent and the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 10 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, an Averaging Date, a Knock- in 
Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may 
be. 
 
2. 
Adjustments to an Index 
(a) Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and announced 
by a successor sponsor (the “Successor Index Sponsor”) acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then in 
each case that index (the “Successor Index”) will be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (i) on or prior to the last Averaging Date, the last Observation Date, the last Valuation Date, the last 
Knock-in Determination Day, the last Knock-out Determination Day the last Strike Date, or last Automatic 
Early Expiration Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Index or in any other way materially 
modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in 
the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation, contracts or commodities and other routine 
events) (an “Index Modification”), or permanently cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists 
(an “Index Cancellation”), or (ii) on an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, a Valuation Date, a Knock-
in Determination Day, a Knock-out Determination Day or an Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, as 
the case may be, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and 
announce a relevant Index (an “Index Disruption” and, together with an Index Modification and an Index 
Cancellation, each an “Index Adjustment Event”), then, 
(i) the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the 
Warrants and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Settlement Price using, in lieu of a published level for 
that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time on that Valuation Date, Observation Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day or Automatic Early 
Expiration Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using 
only those securities that comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
(ii) where the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment has been proposed by the Related 
Exchange and that no other action will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer, in its sole 
and absolute discretion may on giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 
10 (Notices): 
(iii) cancel all but not some only of the Warrants, each Warrant being cancelled by payment of an amount 
equal to the fair market value of a Warrant taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event (the 
“Calculated Index Adjustment Amount”), less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the “Modified Calculated Index

--- Page 84 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
84 
Adjustment Amount”), all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event (the “Calculated 
Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date”; or 
(iv) require the Calculation Agent to determine the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount on the Calculated 
Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date, and cancel each Warrant on the scheduled Expiration 
Date by payment of the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount. 
Notwithstanding (i) and (ii) above, if there are any options or future contracts of the Index traded on the 
Related Exchange, the Calculation Agent may instead in its sole and absolute discretion, upon the 
occurrence of an Index Adjustment Amount, make the corresponding adjustments made on any Related 
Exchange (an “Exchange Based Adjustment”). 
(c) Notice 
Upon the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event , the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, 
other than in the case of an Exchange Based Adjustment, notify the Issuer of any determination made by it 
pursuant to paragraph (b) above and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders 
in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Index Adjustment Event, 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to 
give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of the Index Adjustment Event or the 
proposed action. 
 
3. 
Correction of Index 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Warrants calculated by reference to the level of an Index, if the relevant level 
of the Index published on a given day which is used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any 
determination under the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant Successor Index Sponsor, (i) in respect of a Composite Index, no later than 
five Exchange Business Days following the date of the original publication or, (ii) in respect of an Index which is 
not a Composite Index, within the number of days equal to the Index Correction Period of the original 
publication, the level to be used shall be the level of the Index as so corrected. Corrections published after the 
day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Warrants calculated by 
reference to the level of the Index will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining 
the relevant amount to be paid. 
 
4. 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action 
described in (i) or (ii) or (if applicable) (iii) below: 
(i) require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms 
of and the General Conditions, these index Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms to account for 
the Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 
(Notices). If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will pay an amount to each Warrantholder in 
respect of each Warrant held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Warrant taking 
into account the Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements plus, if applicable and already paid, the 
Exercise Price, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with General 
Condition 10 (Notices); or 
(iii) require the Calculation Agent to calculate the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event (the “Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount Determination Date”) and on the Expiration Date shall cancel each Warrant at an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount 
plus interest accrued on the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount on a daily basis from and 
including the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding the

--- Page 85 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
85 
Expiration Date, each such daily accrual being at a rate equal to Issuer’s funding cost on or about the 
relevant day. 
(b) Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as 
practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 10 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give, or non-
receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of the Additional Disruption Event or the proposed action. 
 
5. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) This Index Linked Condition 5 is applicable only if: 
(i) Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
Warrants which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
relevant Warrants which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Issue Terms is the 
Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day at any time 
during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation Time the level of the Index triggers the 
Knock-in Barrier or the Knock-out Barrier, a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early 
Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred; provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, 
the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date. 
(c) If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Issue Terms is any time or 
period of time other than the Valuation Time during the regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange and 
if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one-
hour period that begins or ends at the time on which the level of the Index triggers the Knock-in Barrier or 
the Knock-out Barrier, a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, 
then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by 
operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur 
in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending 
Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the level of the Index as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in 
accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date. 
 
6. 
Automatic Early Expiration Event 
If “Automatic Early Expiration” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then unless previously exercised 
or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period, if on any or all Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date(s) as 
specified in the Issue Terms, an Automatic Early Expiration Event occurs, then the Warrant shall be cancelled in 
whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Expiration Settlement Date immediately following such 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date or Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period, as applicable, and 
the Issuer shall settle each Warrant at an amount in the relevant currency ,as specified in the Issue Terms equal to 
the relevant Automatic Early Expiration Amount.

--- Page 86 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
86 
7. 
Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms) Change in Law, and 
(ii) any of Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock 
Borrow if specified in the Issue Terms. 
“AEE Value” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1 
(Value Definitions). 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes “control” means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of an entity. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Amount” means an amount, calculated as set out in the Issue Terms. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Settlement Date” means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms or if such 
date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Warrantholder shall be entitled to any further 
payment in respect of such delay. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Event” means the AEE Value is (A), 
(i) greater than; 
(ii) greater than or equal to; 
(iii) less than; or 
(iv) less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Expiration Trigger, (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) or (B) within the Automatic Early Expiration Range 
as specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Range” means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as 
such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these Index Linked Conditions. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Trigger” means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked 
Conditions. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding 
provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period” means each period specified as such in the Issue Terms; 
“Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Time” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms. 
“Averaging Date” means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Issue Terms or, if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) if “Omission” is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed not to be an 
Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement Level provided that, if through the 
operation of this provision no Averaging Dates would occur, then the Averaging Date will not be omitted 
and the provisions of the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that 
was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then the provisions of the definition of 
“Valuation Date ” will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on that 
Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of 
whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or 
is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or

--- Page 87 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
87 
(c) if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the Issue Terms then: 
(i) where the Warrants are Index Linked Warrants relating to a single Index, the Averaging Date shall be 
the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined in (iii) below). If the first succeeding Valid Date has not 
occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging 
Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether 
such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant level or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(ii) 
of the definition of “Valuation Date” below; 
(ii) where the Warrants are Index Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of Indices, the Averaging Date for 
each Index shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to every Index forming part of the Basket 
of Indices. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to every Index forming part of the Basket of 
Indices has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective 
of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of every Index 
forming part of the Basket of Indices, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, 
price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of 
“Valuation Date” below; and 
(iii) for the purposes of these Index Linked Conditions “Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
“Basket of Indices” means a basket composed of each Index specified in the Issue Terms subject to the 
Weightings 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or 
(ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to 
hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions relating to an Index and/or (B) the Issuer will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Index Linked Warrants (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax 
position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
“Clearance System” means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the 
relevant securities. 
“Clearance System Business Days” means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event results in the Clearance System being unable to clear the transfer 
of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
“Component Security” means, in respect of a Composite Index, each component security of such Index. 
“Composite Index” means any Index in respect of which the component securities are principally traded on 
more than one exchange, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Disrupted Day” means: 
(a) (i) in the case of a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor fails to 
publish the level of the Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session; or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; and 
(ii) in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the 
relevant Exchange and/or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during their regular trading session 
or (ii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred.

--- Page 88 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
88 
(b) Where Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis) are 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms for (i) Index Linked Warrants and (ii) Equity Linked Warrants 
and/or ETF Linked Warrants, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as defined in the Equity Linked Conditions 
and/or the ETF Linked Conditions. 
“Early Closure” means: 
(a) in the case of a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of 
any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to 
the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day; and 
(b) in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any 
relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Index or 
any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing 
time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange” means: 
(a) in the case of a Composite Index, in respect of each Component Security, the principal stock exchange on 
which such Component Security is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such for such Index in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the securities comprising such Index has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the securities comprising such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day (Single Index 
Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (a) Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) or 
(b) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) or (c) Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as 
specified in the Issue Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Issue Terms, Exchange 
Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
“Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in respect all 
Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions in respect of such Index, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) in respect of all Composite Indices, 
(a) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index and (b) each Related Exchange (if any) is 
open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of such Composite Indices, notwithstanding any 
such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)” means, in respect of a basket of assets, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which (i) in respect of all Indices other than Composite Indices, each relevant Exchange and each Related 
Exchange (if any) is open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of such Indices comprised in the 
basket (notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time) and (ii) in respect of all Composite Indices, (a) the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such 
Composite Indices and (b) each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of each Composite Index is open for trading 
during its regular trading session (notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time) which, in each case, is also an Exchange Business Day under and as defined in the Equity Linked 
Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions, as applicable.

--- Page 89 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
89 
“Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)” means in respect of any Index: 
(a) in the case of any Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor publishes 
the level of such Composite Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular 
trading session, notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; and 
(b) in any other case, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in 
respect of such Index are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding 
any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in respect of 
all Indices other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are 
open for trading during their regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) in respect of a Composite Index (a) the 
relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if 
any, is open for trading during their regular trading session in respect of such Composite Index, notwithstanding 
such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Disruption” means: 
(a) in the case of any Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for (A) any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component 
Security; or (B) in futures or options contracts relating to such Index on the Related Exchange; and 
(b) in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
(A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for on any relevant Exchange(s) in securities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk 
including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Warrants, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Hedging Shares” means the number of securities comprised in an Index that the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price 
risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Warrants, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that 
any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to 
borrow any security comprised in an Index that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
“Index” and “Indices” mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked Conditions, the index 
or indices specified in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Index Correction Period” means (a) the period specified in the Issue Terms, or (b) if none is so specified, one 
Settlement Cycle. 
“Index Sponsor” means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related

--- Page 90 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
90 
to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during 
each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified for such Index in the Issue 
Terms. 
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a security comprised in an Index, the initial stock loan rate 
specified in relation to such security in the Issue Terms. 
“Knock-in Barrier” means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked Conditions. 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Event” means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) greater than; 
(ii) greater than or equal to; 
(iii) less than; or 
(iv) less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or 
(y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Range” means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Index Linked Conditions 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as 
such in the Issue Terms or in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the 
Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
“Knock-in Value” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
(General Definitions) 
“Knock-out Barrier” means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked Conditions. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means the date(s) as specified in the Issue Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Event” means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) greater than; 
(ii) greater than or equal to; 
(iii) less than; or 
(iv) less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or 
(y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms,

--- Page 91 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
91 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Range” means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Index Linked Conditions. 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified 
as such in the Issue Terms or in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the 
Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
“Knock-out Value” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
(General Definitions). 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any securities comprised in an Index in an amount 
equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
“Market Disruption Event” means: 
(a) in respect of a Composite Index either: 
(i) (A) the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(1) a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins or ends at the time when the 
level of such Index would trigger respectively the Knock-in Event or the Knock out Event or 
(b) in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange 
on which such Component Security is principally traded; 
(2) an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins or ends at the time when the 
level of such Index would trigger respectively the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event or 
(b) in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange 
on which such Component Security is principally traded; or 
(3) an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(B) the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an Exchange 
Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such 
Index; or 
(ii) the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to such Index, of: (1) a 
Trading Disruption; (2) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines 
is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a 
Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins or ends at the time when the level of such Index would 
trigger respectively the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event or (b) in all other circumstances ends 
at the Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (3) an Early Closure, in each case in 
respect of such futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component 
Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component Security at that 
time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of such Index 
shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that 
Component Security to (y) the overall level of such Index, in each case using the official opening 
weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market opening data; and

--- Page 92 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
92 
(b) in the case of Indices other than Composite Indices, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, 
(ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out 
Event begins or ends at the time when the level of such Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Barrier or 
the Knock-out Barrier or (b) in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early 
Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index exists at any time, if 
a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security included in such Index at any time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of that security to the level of such Index shall be based on a comparison of 
(x) the portion of the level of such Index attributable to that security and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each 
case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a security comprised in an Index, the Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Observation Date” means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Issue Terms, or if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding 
provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date. 
“Observation Period” means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Issue Terms. 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system on which option 
contracts or futures contracts relating to such Index are traded, or each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such for such Index in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where “All Exchanges” is specified as the 
Related Exchange in the Issue Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or 
options contracts relating to such Index. 
“Relevant Level” means, subject as referred to in relation to “Averaging Date”, “Observation Date”, “Valuation 
Date”, Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date “Knock-in Determination Day” or “Knock-out Determination 
Day” as the case may be in the case of an Index, an amount equal to the official closing level of the Index as 
calculated and published by the Index Sponsor or, in relation to a Composite Index, the official closing level of 
such Index as calculated and published by the relevant Index Sponsor, in each case as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the Issue Terms, the level of the Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent as set out in the Issue Terms at the Valuation Time on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Issue Terms, 
the relevant Settlement Level Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms, each Averaging Date 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours subject as 
provided in “Valuation Time” below. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index 
Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) Scheduled 
Trading Day (Per Index Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the 
Issue Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Issue Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Indices Basis) shall apply. 
“Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)” means (i) in respect of each Index which is not a Composite 
Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of each such Index are scheduled 
to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), and (ii) in respect of each Composite 
Index, any day on which (a) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of each such Composite Index 
and (b) each Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session in respect 
of such Composite Index.

--- Page 93 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
93 
“Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)” means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day on which (i) in 
respect of each Index which is not a Composite Index, each relevant Exchange and each Related Exchange (if 
any) in respect of each such Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session, and 
(ii) in respect of each Composite Index, (a) the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of each 
such Composite Index and (b) each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of such Composite Index is scheduled to 
be open for trading during its regular trading session which, in each case, is also a Scheduled Trading Day under 
and as defined in the Equity Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
“Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)” means: 
(a) in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, any day on which the relevant Exchange and Related 
Exchange in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading 
session(s); and 
(b) in respect of any Composite Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level 
of such Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading 
session. 
“Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)” means any day on which (i) in respect of an Index other than a 
Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for 
trading during their respective regular trading session(s), and (ii) in respect of a Composite Index (a) the relevant 
Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, 
if any, is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of such Composite Index. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
“Screen Page” means the page specified in the Issue Terms, or any successor page or service thereto. 
“Settlement Cycle” means, in respect of an Index, the period of Clearance System Business Days following a 
trade in the securities comprising such Index on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange. 
“Settlement Level” means, and subject as referred to in Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, Averaging 
Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Day, or Valuation Day, as the 
case may be: 
(a) in the case of Index Linked Warrants relating to a single Index, (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Issue 
Terms, the Relevant Level for the relevant Settlement Level Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the 
Issue Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Levels of the Index on each Averaging Date, all as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b) in the case of Index Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of Indices, (i) if Averaging is not specified in the 
Issue Terms, the Relevant Level for the relevant Settlement Level Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in 
the Issue Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Levels of the Basket of Indices on each Averaging 
Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
“Settlement Level Date” means an the Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day, Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
“Specified Maximum Days of Disruption” means five (5) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Strike Date” means the Strike Date specified in the Issue Terms as may be adjusted in accordance with the 
definition of “Valuation Date” below, provided that: in the case of Index Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of 
Indices, if the Strike Date for any Index forming part of the Basket of Indices is specified to be the Trade Date 
(subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to any adjustments relating to the Strike Date that are set out in the Issue 
Terms) then: 
(i) if the Strike Date for any Index forming part of the Basket of Indices is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
Strike Date for such Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; unless 
(ii) in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the 
Strike Date for such Index, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day

--- Page 94 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
94 
in respect of such Index forming part of the Basket of Indices unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of such Index. 
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the 
relevant Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to such Index, and 
(ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Level using the level of that Index as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded 
or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security 
comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions. 
“Strike Day” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. “Strike 
Period” means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms. “Trading 
Disruption” means: 
(a) in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading 
by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to 
securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Index on any relevant Exchange(s) or 
(b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Index on any relevant Related Exchange; and 
(b) in the case of a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any Component 
Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index on the Related Exchange. 
“Valuation Date” means the Strike Date, Expiration Date, Actual Exercise Date, Potential Exercise Date(s), 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date and Specified Exercise Date or such other date, as the case may be, 
specified in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) in the case of Index Linked Warrants relating to a single Index, the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Level by determining the level of the Index as 
of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula 
for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using 
the Exchange traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has 
occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) in the case of Index Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of Indices, the Valuation Date for each Index, shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Index forming 
part of the Basket of Indices unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted 
Day in respect of Index of the Basket of Indices. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for each Index of the Basket of Indices, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to any Index, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Settlement Level using, the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method

--- Page 95 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
95 
of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange 
traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each 
security comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for 
the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and 
otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; and 
“Valuation Time” means: 
(a) the Valuation Time specified in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) if not specified in the Issue Terms 
(i) in the case of a Composite Index, means in respect of such Index: (A) for the purposes of determining 
whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (x) in respect of any Component Security, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security, and 
(y) in respect of any options contracts or futures contracts on the Index, the close of trading on the 
Related Exchange; and (B) in all other circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of the 
Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor; or 
(ii) in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, means the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
Exchange on the relevant date. If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the 
specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the 
Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
“Weighting” means the weighting (if any) to be applied to each item comprising the Basket of Indices if, and as 
specified in the Issue Terms or if no such weighting is so specified then no weighting shall apply to any such 
item. 
 
8. 
Index Disclaimer 
The Index Linked Warrants are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any Index or any Index Sponsor 
and no Index Sponsor makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results 
to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index stands at any particular time on any 
particular date or otherwise. No Index or Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to 
any person for any error in the Index and the Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any 
error therein. No Index Sponsor is making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the 
advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the Index Linked Warrants. The Issuer shall 
have no liability to the Warrantholders for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the 
calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date, neither the 
Issuer nor its Affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any control over the 
computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information 
concerning the Indices from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this 
information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no 
responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness 
and timeliness of information concerning the Index.

--- Page 96 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
96 
                                                                  ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Equity Linked Warrants  
shall comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Equity Linked Warrants set 
out below (the “Equity Linked Conditions”), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other 
Annex which is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the 
event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Equity Linked Conditions, the Equity Linked 
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Equity Linked Conditions and the Payout 
Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
 
1. 
Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Warrant Agent and the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 10 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, an Averaging Date, a Knock- in 
Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may 
be. 
 
2. 
Depositary Receipts 
(a) Application of Depositary Receipt provisions 
If “Depositary Receipt provisions” are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, for the purposes of these 
Equity Linked Conditions in relation to each relevant Depositary Receipt: 
(i) references to “Share” or “Shares” shall be deemed to include an ordinary share or ordinary shares or 
other relevant equity securities, as the case may be, of the Share Company or Basket Company to 
which the relevant Depositary Receipts specified in the Issue Terms relate; 
(ii) references to “Exchange” shall, in the context of the ordinary shares or other relevant equity securities 
of the Share Company or Basket Company, be deemed to be references to the Share Exchange 
specified in the Issue Terms; 
(iii) references to “Share Company” or “Basket Company” shall, in the context of a Depositary Receipt, 
be deemed to include references to the issuer or obligor of the Depositary Receipts; 
(iv) with respect to Depositary Receipts only, the following additional event shall constitute a Potential 
Adjustment Event for the purposes of Equity Linked Condition 3: 
“a distribution in respect of the Shares of property other than cash, shares or rights relating to any 
Shares to the holder(s) of the Shares”; and 
(v) with respect to Depositary Receipts only, the following events shall constitute Additional Disruption 
Events for the purposes of Equity Linked Condition 5: 
(A) a Termination; and 
(B) an Adjustment Event. 
(b) Definitions specific to Depositary Receipts 
“Adjustment Event” means (a) the terms and conditions of the Depositary Receipts have been altered or 
any adjustment or modification has been made pursuant to such terms and conditions (in each case whether 
by the Share Company or Basket Company or any party having influence over such terms and conditions) or 
the Depositary Receipts are converted into other securities and/or (b) the aggregate amounts (or currency 
thereof) to which a holder is entitled under the Depositary Receipts are altered. 
“Depositary Receipt” means a depositary receipt relating to ordinary shares or other relevant equity 
securities issued by a Share Company or Basket Company, as specified in the Issue Terms, subject to 
adjustment pursuant to the provisions specified in Equity Linked Conditions 3 and 4. 
“Termination” means, in relation to an issue of Depositary Receipts, such issue has been terminated, 
cancelled or otherwise ceased to be outstanding for any reason. This shall include, without limitation, the 
termination of the deposit agreement in respect of the Shares and/or written instructions being given by the

--- Page 97 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
97 
Share Company or Basket Company to the depositary of the Shares to withdraw or surrender the Shares. 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
(a) Potential Adjustment Events 
(i) “Potential Adjustment Event” means any of the following: 
(A) a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (a) such Shares or 
(b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds 
of liquidation of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares or (c) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Basket Company or 
Share Company, as the case may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or 
(d) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash 
or in other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(A) an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(B) a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect of relevant Shares 
that are not fully paid; 
(C) a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share Company or its subsidiaries, as 
the case may be, of relevant Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration 
for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(D) in respect of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, an event that results in 
any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or 
other shares of the capital stock of such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, 
pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, certificates, 
debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(E) any adjustment effected as a result of any shareholder rights plan or arrangement as described in 
3(a)(i)(D) above; or 
(F) any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative or 
other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
(ii) “Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date” means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event, the 
date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
(iii) Following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, of the terms 
of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one 
or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Warrants are Physical Delivery 
Warrants) and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General 
Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect 
(provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and 
(ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by an options exchange (“Exchange Based Adjustment”) to options on the 
Shares traded on that options exchange.

--- Page 98 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
98 
(iv) Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall, other 
than where Exchange Based Adjustment applies notify the Issuer as soon as practicable and the Issuer 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 
(Notices), stating the occurrence of the Potential Adjustment Event, giving details thereof and the 
adjustment to be taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give or non-receipt of such 
notice will not affect the validity of such Potential Adjustment Event or Potential Adjustment Event 
Effective Date or the adjustment in relation thereto. 
(b) Extraordinary Events 
(A) The occurrence of any of De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Tender Offer (unless 
Tender Offer is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms), or, if specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, Illiquidity, Listing Change or Listing Suspension, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be an 
“Extraordinary Event”, the consequences of which are set forth below: 
“De-Listing” means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the Exchange announces pursuant to 
the rules of such Exchange, that such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where the Exchange is located in the United 
States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ 
National Market System (or their respective successors) or (ii) a comparable exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within 
the European Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
“Illiquidity” means, in respect of Equity Linked Warrants that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, during any period of five consecutive Scheduled Trading Days falling after the 
Issue Date (the “Relevant Period”), (a) the difference between the bid prices and the ask prices in 
respect of any relevant Share during the Relevant Period is greater than 1 per cent. (on average), 
and/or (b) the average purchase price or the average selling price, (each of (a) and 
(b) determined by the Calculation Agent from the order book of the relevant Share on the 
relevant Exchange during the Relevant Period), in relation to the purchase or sale of Shares with a 
value equal to or greater than EUR 10,000.00 (or its equivalent in any other currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate), is greater than MID plus 1 per cent. of MID (in relation to a purchase of 
Shares) or lower than the MID minus 1 per cent. of MID (in relation to a sale of Shares). For these 
purposes, “MID” means an amount equal to (a) the sum of the bid price and the ask price, in each 
case for the relevant Share at the relevant time, (b) divided by two. 
“Insolvency” means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, (i) all the Shares of that Basket Company or 
Share Company, as the case may be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other 
similar official or (ii) holders of the Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the 
case may be, become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
“Listing Change” means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that such Shares cease (or will cease) 
to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the listing compartment or the relevant market of the 
Exchange on which such Shares were listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Issue Date, for any 
reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer or where this is a De-Listing). 
“Listing Suspension” means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the listing of such Shares on 
the Exchange has been suspended (other than where this is a De-Listing). 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of 
such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, with or into another entity 
or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which 
such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover 
offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person 
to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding

--- Page 99 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
99 
Shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, that results in a transfer of 
or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange of the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or the Share Company or its 
subsidiaries, as the case may be, with or into another entity in which the Basket Company or 
Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares 
(other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following 
such event, in each case if the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is on or before (a) in 
the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the latest of the last occurring Valuation Date, Strike Date, 
Observation Date, Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day or, where Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms, the final 
Averaging Date or (b) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the relevant Settlement Date. 
“Nationalisation” means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise 
transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
“Tender Offer” means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 30 per cent. and 
less than 100 per cent. (the “Percentage Range”) of the outstanding voting shares of the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based 
upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(c) Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event: 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share or a Basket of Shares, the Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion may take the action described in (i) to (iii) below in respect of a Warrant relating to a 
Share or a Basket of Shares, and the actions described in (iv) or (v) below in respect of a Warrant relating to 
a Basket of Shares only: 
(i) require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each 
case where the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants) and/or the Exercise Price and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions 
and/or the Issue Terms to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event, and determine the effective 
date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to 
account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares 
or to the Warrants. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by 
reference to the adjustment in respect of the relevant Extraordinary Event made by any options 
exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options exchange. In addition, in relation to a Basket 
of Shares, the Calculation Agent may adjust the Basket of Shares in accordance with the provisions of 
sub-paragraph (v) below; 
(ii) following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on such exchange(s) 
or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the “Options Exchange”), 
require the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants) and/or 
the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these 
Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms, which adjustment will be effective as of the date 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding adjustment made by 
the Options Exchange. If options on the Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or 
the Entitlement (in each case where the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants) and/or the Exercise 
Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity 
Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange 
to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event, that in the

--- Page 100 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
100 
determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options 
Exchange if such options were so traded; or 
(iii) where the Issuer determines that no adjustment has been proposed by the Options Exchange and that 
no other action will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute 
discretion may, on giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices), 
(A) cancel all but not some only of the Warrants, each Warrant being cancelled by payment of an 
amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant taking into account the relevant Extraordinary 
Event (the “Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount”), less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the “Modified Calculated 
Extraordinary Event Amount”), all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary 
Event (the “Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date”), or 
(B) require the Calculation Agent to determine the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount on the 
Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date, and cancel each Warrant on the 
scheduled Expiration Date by payment of the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount. For 
avoidance of any doubt, the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount shall not accrue any interest 
from the date of its calculation to the Expiration Date. 
(iv) in the case of Equity Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of Shares, cancel the Warrants in part by 
giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10. If the Warrants are so 
cancelled in part, the portion (the “Cancelled Amount”) of each Warrant representing the affected 
Share(s) shall be cancelled and the Issuer will: 
(i) pay to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant held by him an amount equal to the fair 
market value of the Cancelled Amount, taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event, less 
the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(ii) require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in 
each case where the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants) and/or Exercise Price and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked 
Conditions and/or the Issue Terms to account for such cancellation in part. For the avoidance of 
doubt the remaining part of each Warrant after such cancellation and adjustment shall remain 
outstanding with full force and effect. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10; 
(v) in the case of Equity Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of Shares, on or after the relevant 
Extraordinary Event Effective Date, require the Calculation Agent to adjust the Basket of Shares to 
include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share selection set out below (each, a 
“Substitute Share”) for each Share (each, an “Affected Share”) of each Basket Company (each, an 
“Affected Basket Company”) which is affected by such Extraordinary Event and the Substitute Share 
will be deemed to be a “Share”, and the issuer of such shares a “Basket Company”, for the purposes 
of the Warrants, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of 
any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Warrants are Physical Delivery 
Warrants) and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General 
Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable 
under the Warrants was to be determined by reference to an initial price (the “Initial Price”) of the 
Affected Share, the relevant Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price=A × (B/C) 
where: 
“A” is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date;

--- Page 101 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
101 
“B” is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
“C” is the fair market value of the relevant Affected Share on the Substitution Date (which may, 
where available, be determined by reference to the official closing price of the Affected Share on 
the relevant Exchange and/or such other source(s) as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate). 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the “Substitution Date”) in its sole and 
absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be the 
relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting of 
the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy the following criteria, 
in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(i) where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and the relevant 
share is not already included in the Basket of Shares, the relevant share shall be an ordinary 
share of the entity or person (other than the Affected Basket Company) involved in the 
Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer, that is, or that as of the relevant 
Extraordinary Event Effective Date (i) is promptly scheduled to be, publicly quoted, traded 
or listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the relevant 
Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the European Union, in any member 
state of the European Union) and (ii) is not subject to any currency exchange controls, 
trading restrictions or other trading limitations; or 
(ii) where (i) above does not apply, including in the case of an Extraordinary Event other than a 
Merger Event or a Tender Offer: 
(1) the issuer of the share shall, to the extent possible, belong to the same economic sector 
as the Affected Basket Company and shall not already be included in the Basket of 
Shares; and 
(2) the issuer of the share shall, to the extent possible, have a comparable market 
capitalisation, international standing and exposure as the Affected Basket Company in 
respect of the Affected Share. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, if the Issuer determines that an adjustment in accordance 
with the above provisions is necessary it shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Extraordinary Event, giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, including, in the case of a Share 
Substitution, the identity of the Substitute Shares and the Substitution Date, provided that any failure to 
give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such Extraordinary Event or the 
proposed action. 
 
4. 
Correction of Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Warrants calculated by reference to the price of a Share, if the relevant price 
of the relevant Share published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any 
determination under the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant 
Exchange within the number of days equal to the Share Correction Period of the original publication, the price to 
be used shall be the price of the relevant Share as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three 
Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Warrants calculated by reference to the price 
of a Share will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to 
be paid.

--- Page 102 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
102 
5. 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action 
described in (i), (ii), (iii) or, in the case of Warrants linked to a Basket of Shares only, (iv) below: 
(i) require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each 
case with respect to Physical Delivery Warrants) and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or 
any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue 
Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(ii) cancel all but not only some of the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 10 (Notices). If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will pay an amount to each 
Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a 
Warrant taking into account the Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/ or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the “Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount”), all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 10 (Notices); or 
(iii) require the Calculation Agent to calculate the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event (the “Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount Determination Date”) and on the Expiration Date shall cancel each Warrant at an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount 
plus interest accrued on the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount on a daily basis from and 
including the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding the 
Expiration Date, each such daily accrual being at a rate equal to Issuer’s funding cost on or about the 
relevant day; or 
(iv) in the case of Warrants linked to a Basket of Shares, require Calculation Agent to adjust the Basket of 
Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share selection set out below 
(each a “Substitute Share”) for each Share (each an “Affected Share”) which is affected by the 
Additional Disruption Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be a “Share” and the issuer of 
such shares a “Basket Company” for the purposes of the Warrants, and the Calculation Agent will 
make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where 
the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants) and/or the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or 
any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, provided that 
in the event that any amount payable under the Warrants was to be determined by reference to the an 
initial price (the “Initial Price”) of the Affected Share, the relevant Initial Price of each Substitute 
Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price=A × (B/C) 
where: 
“A” is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date; 
“B” is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
“C” is the fair market value of the relevant Affected Share on the Substitution Date (which may, 
where available, be determined by reference to the official closing price of the Affected Share on 
the relevant Exchange and/or such other source(s) as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate). 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the “Substitution Date”) in its sole and 
absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be the 
relevant date of the Additional Disruption Event.

--- Page 103 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
103 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting of 
the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share which, in the 
sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(i) is not already included in the Basket of Shares; 
(ii) the Issuer of such share belongs to the same economic sector as the Basket Company in 
respect of the Affected Share; and 
(iii) the Issuer of such share has a comparable market capitalisation, international standing and 
exposure as the Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share. 
(b) Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer as soon as 
practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 10 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give, or non-
receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of the Additional Disruption Event or the proposed action. 
 
6. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) This Equity Linked Condition 6 is applicable only if: 
(i) Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment and/or 
delivery under the relevant Warrants which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment and/or 
delivery under the relevant Warrants which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Issue Terms is the 
Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day at any time 
during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation Time a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event 
would otherwise have occurred and a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or 
exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided that 
if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would 
occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the price of each Affected Share as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date. 
(c) If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Issue Terms is any time or 
period of time other than the Valuation Time during the regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange and 
if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one 
hour period that begins or ends at the time at which the price of the Share would otherwise have triggered 
the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event, a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure 
occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, 
provided that if, by operation of this provision no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination period, the Knock-in 
Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the price of each Affected Share as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or 
Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date. 
 
7. 
Automatic Early Expiration Event 
If “Automatic Early Expiration Event” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then, unless previously 
exercised or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date (ii) in respect of

--- Page 104 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
104 
an Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period if on any or all Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date(s), as 
specified in the Issue Terms, an Automatic Early Expiration Event occurs, then the Warrants shall cancel in 
whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Expiration Date immediately following such Automatic Early 
Expiration Valuation Date or Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period, as applicable and the Issuer shall 
settle each Warrant an amount in the relevant currency as specified in the Issue Terms equal to the relevant 
Automatic Early Expiration Amount. 
8. 
Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms) Change in Law, and 
(ii) any of Failure to Deliver (in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants to be cancelled by delivery), or 
(iii) any of Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, 
Stop-Loss Event and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, if specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes “control” means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of an entity. 
“AEE Value” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1 
(General Definitions). 
“Automatic Early Expiration Amount” means an amount calculated as set out in the Issue Terms. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Event” means the AEE Value is (A), 
(i) greater than; 
(ii) greater than or equal to; 
(iii) less than; or 
(iv) less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Expiration Trigger, (i), (ii), (iii) applying or (iv) or (B) within or outside the Automatic 
Early Expiration Range as specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Range” means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or number specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
these Equity Linked Conditions. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Settlement Date” means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms or if such 
date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Warrantholder shall be entitled to any further 
payment in respect of any such delay. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Trigger” means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in these Equity Linked Conditions. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding 
provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period” means each period specified as such in the Issue Terms; 
“Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Time” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms. 
“Averaging Date” means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Issue Terms or, if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) if “Omission” is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed not to be an 
Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement Price provided that, if through the 
operation of this provision no Averaging Dates would occur, then the provisions of the definition of 
“Valuation Date” will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final 
Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or

--- Page 105 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
105 
(b) if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then the provisions of the definition of 
“Valuation Date” will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on that 
Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of 
whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or 
is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(c) if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the Issue Terms then: 
(i) where the Warrants are Equity Linked Warrants relating to a single share, the Averaging Date shall be 
the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined in (iii) below). If the first succeeding Valid Date has not 
occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging 
Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether 
such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant level or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (a)(ii) 
of the definition of “Valuation Date” below; 
(ii) where the Warrants are Equity Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of Shares, the Averaging Date for 
each Share shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to every Share forming part of the Basket 
of Shares. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to every Share forming part of the Basket of 
Shares has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) such 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of every Share, and 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging Date 
in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of “Valuation Date” below; and 
(iii) for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, “Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not occur. 
“Basket Company” means each company specified as such in the Issue Terms and “Basket Companies” means 
all such companies. 
“Basket of Shares” means a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the Issue Terms in 
the Weightings or numbers of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the Issue Terms; 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or 
(ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant Share and/or (B) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations 
in relation to the Equity Linked Warrants (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
“Clearance System” means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the 
relevant Share. 
“Clearance System Business Days” means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to clear the 
transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(a) a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; 
(b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or

--- Page 106 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
106 
(c) where Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis) are 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms for (i) Equity Linked Warrants and (ii) Index Linked Warrants 
and/or ETF Linked Warrants, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as defined in the Index Linked Conditions 
and/or ETF Linked Conditions. 
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of relevant Exchange(s) or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and 
(ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution 
at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
“Exchange” means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Share in 
the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day (Single Share 
Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares or other assets, (a) Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) or 
(b) Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) or (c) Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as 
specified in the Issue Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Issue Terms, Exchange 
Business Day (All Shares Basis) shall apply. 
“Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)” means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading in respect of all Shares comprised 
in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)” means, in respect of a basket of assets, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each relevant Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of all Shares comprised in 
the basket of assets is open for trading during its regular trading session (notwithstanding any such relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time) which is also an Exchange Business 
Day under and as defined in the Index Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions. 
“Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)” means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share is open for trading during its 
respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
“Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant 
Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Disruption” means, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, the Shares on the relevant Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
“Extraordinary Event Effective Date” means, in respect of an Extraordinary Event, the date on which such 
Extraordinary Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
“Failure to Deliver” means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for such 
Shares. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk 
including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Warrants, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 107 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
107 
“Hedging Shares” means the number of Shares that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates deems necessary to hedge 
the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price 
risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Warrants, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that 
any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to borrow 
any Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in relation to such 
Share in the Issue Terms. 
“Insolvency Filing” means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has instituted against it by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it 
consents to a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, 
provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share 
Company or Basket Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
“Knock-in Barrier” means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions. 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Event” means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) greater than; 
(ii) greater than or equal to; 
(iii) less than; or 
(iv) less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or 
(y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms, 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Range” means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth of these Equity Linked Conditions  
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as 
such in the Issue Terms or in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the 
Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
“Knock-in Value” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
(General Definitions).

--- Page 108 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
108 
“Knock-out Barrier” means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Issue Terms 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Event” means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) greater than; 
(ii) greater than or equal to; 
(iii) less than; or 
(iv) less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or 
(y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms, 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Range” means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions. 
“Knock-out Value” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in a Payout Condition 
5.1 (General Definitions). 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified 
as such in the Issue Terms or in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the 
Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Share in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at 
a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in relation to Equity Linked Warrants and in respect of a Share, the 
occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event, begins or ends at 
the time when the level of the relevant Share triggers respectively the occurrence of the Knock-in Event or the 
Knock-out Event or (b) in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early 
Closure. 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of a Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
“Observation Date” means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Issue Terms, or if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding 
provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date. 
“Observation Period” means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Issue Terms. 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system on which option contracts 
or futures contracts relating to such Share are traded, or each exchange or quotation system specified as such for 
such Share in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute

--- Page 109 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
109 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Share has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where “All Exchanges” is specified as the 
Related Exchange in the Issue Terms, “Related Exchange” shall mean each exchange or quotation system where 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or 
options contracts relating to such Share. 
“Relevant Price” means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Averaging Date, Observation Date or Valuation 
Date, as the case may be in the case of a Share, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in 
the Issue Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Issue 
Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms, the relevant 
Averaging Date or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified 
in the Issue Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic 
mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the 
relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Issue Terms) 
and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Issue Terms) for the Share 
based, at the Calculation Agent’s discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle 
market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) 
engaged in the trading of the Share or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours subject as 
provided in “Valuation Time” below. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share 
Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) or (b) Scheduled 
Trading Day (Per Share Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the 
Issue Terms provided that if no such specification is made in the Fund Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Shares Basis) shall apply. 
“Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)” means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading in respect of all Shares comprised in 
the Basket of Shares for their respective regular trading sessions. 
“Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)” means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of all Shares comprised in the basket of assets is 
scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session which is also a Scheduled Trading Day for the 
purpose of the Index Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
“Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)” means in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and, Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
“Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)” means any day on which the relevant Exchange and the 
relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means, in respect of a Share, any original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
“Screen Page” means the page specified in the Issue Terms, or any successor page or service thereto. 
“Settlement Cycle” means, in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days following a 
trade in the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such 
Exchange.

--- Page 110 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
110 
“Settlement Price” means, subject as referred to in relation to any Averaging Date, Observation Date, 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day or 
Valuation Date, as the case may be: 
(a) in the case of Equity Linked Warrants relating to a single Share, (A) if Averaging is not specified in the 
Issue Terms, the Relevant Price for the relevant Settlement Price Date, or (B) if Averaging is specified in 
the Issue Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices of the Share on each Averaging Date, all as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b) in the case of Equity Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of Shares, (A) if Averaging is not specified in the 
Issue Terms, the Relevant Price for the relevant Settlement Price Date, or (B) if Averaging is specified in 
the Issue Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices for each Share in the Basket of Shares on each 
Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
“Settlement Price Date” means any Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day, 
Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
“Shares” and “Share” mean in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a Basket of Shares, each share and, in 
the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a single Share, the share, specified in the Issue Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Share Company” means, in the case of an issue of Warrants relating to a single Share, the company that has 
issued such Share. 
“Share Correction Period” means (i) the period specified in the Issue Terms, or (ii) if none is so specified, one 
Settlement Cycle. 
“Specified Maximum Days of Disruption” means five (5) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Stop-Loss Event” means, in respect of a Share, the price of any Share as quoted on the relevant Exchange for 
such Share at any time or the Scheduled Closing Time, as specified in the Issue Terms, on any Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Share on or after the Trade Date or, if later the Strike 
Date, is less than 5 per cent., or such percentage specified in the Issue Terms, of its RI Initial Value or, if no RI 
Initial Value and/or Strike date is stipulated in the Issue Terms, the price given as the benchmark price for such 
Share in the Issue Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Strike Date” means the Strike Date specified in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the 
definition of “Valuation Date” below, provided that: in the case of Equity Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of 
Shares, if the Strike Date for any share forming part of the Basket of Shares is specified to be the Trade Date 
(subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to any adjustments relating to the Strike Date that are set out in the Issue 
Terms) then: 
(i) if the Strike Date for any Share forming part of the Basket of Shares is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
Strike Date for such Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; unless 
(ii) in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then 
the Strike Date for such Share, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day in respect of such Share forming part of the Basket of Shares unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of such Share. 
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the 
relevant Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to such Share, and 
(ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of that Share as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating such price last 
in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each Share comprised in that Basket of 
Shares (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Share on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the price for the relevant Share as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with the above 
provisions.

--- Page 111 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
111 
“Strike Day” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. “Strike 
Period” means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms. 
“Trading Disruption” means, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Share or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
“Valuation Date” means, Strike Date, Expiration Date, Actual Exercise Date, Potential Exercise Date(s), 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date and Specified Exercise Date or such other date, as the case may be, 
specified in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) in the case of Equity Linked Warrants relating to a single Share, the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price in the manner set out in the Final Terms 
or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the Settlement Price in accordance with its good faith 
estimate of the Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on that the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day; or 
(b) in the case of Equity Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of Shares, the Valuation Date for each Share shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Shares forming 
part of the Basket of Shares unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted 
Day relating to any Share of the Basket of Shares. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for each Share of the Basket of Shares, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to any Share, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Settlement Price using, in relation to the relevant Affected Share, the level or 
value as applicable, determined in the manner set out in the Issue Terms, and, in the case of a Share, a price 
determined in the manner set out in the Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, using its good 
faith estimate of the value for the Affected Share as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; and 
“Valuation Time” means the Valuation Time specified in the Issue Terms or, if no Valuation Time is specified, 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, in relation to each Share to be valued provided that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading 
session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
“Weighting” means the (if any) weighting to be applied to each item of the Basket of Shares if, and as specified 
in the Issue Terms or if no weighting is so specified then no weighting shall apply to any such item.

--- Page 112 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
112 
                                                              ANNEX 4 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to ETF Linked Warrants shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for ETF Linked Warrants linked to  
one or more ETFs set out below (the “ETF Linked Conditions”), together with the terms and conditions as set 
out in each other Annex which is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the ETF Linked Conditions, the 
ETF Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the ETF Linked Conditions and 
the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
 
1. 
Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Warrant Agent and the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 10 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day, would have been an Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, an Averaging Date, a Knock-in 
Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may 
be. 
2. 
Potential ETF Events and Extraordinary ETF Events 
(a) 
Potential ETF Events 
(i) 
“Potential ETF Events” means any of the following: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation, or reclassification of relevant ETF Shares or a free distribution 
or dividend of any such ETF Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or 
similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant ETF Shares of (A) such 
ETF Shares or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or proceeds of liquidation of the ETF equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such ETF Shares; (C) share capital or other securities of another 
issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the ETF, as a result of a spin-off or 
other similar transaction; or (D) any of other type of securities, rights or warrants or other 
assets, in any case for payment (in cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing 
market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
a call by an ETF in respect of relevant ETF Shares that are not fully paid; and 
(E) 
a repurchase by the ETF or its subsidiaries of relevant ETF Shares whether out of profits or 
capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
or 
(F) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETF Shares. 
(ii) 
“Potential ETF Event Effective Date” means, in respect of a Potential ETF Event, the date on 
which such Potential ETF Event is announced by the relevant ETF, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(iii) 
Following the declaration by the ETF of the terms of any Potential ETF Event, the Calculation 
Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential ETF Event has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETF Shares and, if so, will 
(i) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (where the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants) and/or the Exercise Price and/or 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these ETF Linked 
Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no 
adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock 
loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant ETF Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment

--- Page 113 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
113 
by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential ETF Event made by an options 
exchange (“ETF Exchange Based Adjustment”) to options on the ETF Shares traded on that 
options exchange. 
(iv) 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall, 
other than where ETF Exchange Based Adjustment applies, notify the Issuer as soon as practicable 
and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 10 (Notices), stating the occurrence of the Potential ETF Event, giving details 
thereof and the adjustment to be taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give or non-
receipt of such notice will not affect the validity of such Potential ETF Event or Potential ETF 
Event Effective Date or the adjustment in relation thereto. 
(b) 
Extraordinary ETF Events 
“Extraordinary ETF Event” means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the occurrence at any 
time on or after the Issue Date of any of the following events and any applicable Additional Extraordinary 
ETF Event: 
(i) 
the ETF or any ETF Service Provider (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of any ETF Service 
Provider, ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, custodian, prime 
brokerage or any other relevant business (as applicable), (ii) is dissolved or has a resolution passed 
for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), (iii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit 
of its creditors; (iv) (1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any 
similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or 
(2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in sub-clause (iv)(1) above and either (x) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making 
of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, 
stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for 
all or substantially all its assets; (vi) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all 
its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, 
enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or 
(vii) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) 
above; 
(ii) 
the occurrence of any Merger Event or Tender Offer (unless Tender Offer is specified as not 
applicable in the Issue Terms), where: 
“Merger Event” means, in respect of any relevant ETF Shares, any (i) reclassification or change 
of such ETF Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such 
ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of an ETF with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such ETF is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such ETF Shares outstanding), (iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or 
person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares of the ETF that 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares (other than 
such ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the ETF or its subsidiaries with or into 
another entity in which the ETF is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding but

--- Page 114 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
114 
results in the outstanding ETF Shares (other than ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding ETF Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the date of the 
occurrence of the Extraordinary ETF Event is on or before (a) in the case of Cash Settled 
Warrants, the latest of the last occurring Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date or, 
where Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms, the final Averaging Date or (b) in the case of 
Physical Delivery Warrants, the relevant Settlement Date; and 
“Tender Offer” means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 30 per cent. and 
less than 100 per cent. (the “Percentage Range”) of the outstanding voting shares of the ETF, as 
the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant. 
(iii) 
(a) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the ETF, or any ETF 
Service Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably 
determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (b) the commencement or 
threat of any investigative, judicial, administrative, regulatory or other civil or criminal 
proceedings against the ETF, any ETF Service Provider or any key personnel of such entities, if 
such allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings could (in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent) have an adverse impact on a Hedge Provider’s rights or obligations in relation to hedging 
activities in respect of the Warrants or could materially affect the value of the ETF Shares; 
(iv) 
any ETF Service Provider or other agent or entity fulfilling such role, howsoever described in the 
ETF Documents as at the Issue Date, ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the ETF and is 
not immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(v) 
(i) any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions or investment process (howsoever 
described) of the ETF are modified from that set out in the ETF Documents except where such 
change is of a formal, minor or technical nature or (ii) a material modification of the type of assets 
in which the ETF invests (including but not limited to a material deviation from the investment 
objectives, investment restrictions or investment process (howsoever described) set out in the 
ETF Documents); 
(vi) 
a material modification of the ETF (including but not limited to a modification of the ETF 
Documents) or a material modification of the method of calculating the net asset value per ETF 
Share (if any), or any change in the period or timing of the calculation or the publication of the net 
asset value per ETF Share (if any) or the occurrence of any event which in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent has or may have an adverse impact on the ETF or investors in the ETF 
(including, without limitation, the suspension of the net asset value per ETF Share (if any)), in 
each case other than a modification or event which does not affect the ETF Shares or the ETF or 
any portfolio of assets to which the ETF Share relate (either alone or in common with other ETF 
Shares issued by the ETF); 
(vii) 
any ETF Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, with 
any information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the investment 
portfolio of the ETF; 
(viii) (i) the occurrence of any event affecting a ETF Share that, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the value 
of the relevant ETF Share; (ii) any failure of the ETF, or its authorised representative, to deliver, or 
cause to be delivered, (1) information that the ETF has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered 
to the Calculation Agent or Hedge Provider, or (2) information that has been previously delivered 
to any Hedge Provider or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the ETF’s, or its 
authorised representative’s, normal practice and that any Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to monitor such ETF’s compliance with any investment 
guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the relevant 
ETF Share;

--- Page 115 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
115 
(ix) 
a reduction of the ETF’s aggregate value or the reduction of the ETF’s aggregate net asset value 
under an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, 
a significant effect on the management conditions of the ETF and/or its operating expenses or 
would increase the proportion of ETF Shares held, or likely to be held, by the Issuer, Guarantor or 
Hedge Provider to such extent that the full redemption in one single order of the ETF Shares held 
by the Issuer, Guarantor or Hedge Provider is likely to be impaired; 
(x) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the ETF or the ETF Service Providers are or become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any 
present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, 
legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, (ii) a relevant 
authorisation or licence is revoked or is under review by a competent authority in respect of the 
ETF or the ETF Service Providers, (iii) the ETF is required by a competent authority to redeem 
any ETF Shares and/or (iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any Hedge Provider is required by a 
competent authority, the ETF or any other relevant entity to dispose of or compulsorily redeem 
any ETF Shares held in connection with any hedging arrangements relating to the Warrants; 
(xi) 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the ETF for any reason of a subscription or 
redemption order in respect of any ETF Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, any 
non-execution by the ETF pending completion of its fiscal audit), if such non-execution or partial 
execution could in the sole determination of any Hedge Provider have an adverse impact on any 
Hedge Provider’s rights or obligations in relation to its hedging activities in relation to the 
Warrants, (ii) the ETF otherwise suspends or refuses transfers of any of its ETF Shares as 
described in the ETF Documents, (iii) if applicable, the ETF ceases to be an undertaking for 
collective investments under the relevant jurisdiction’s legislation, (iv) the ETF otherwise 
suspends or refuses redemptions of any of its ETF Shares (including, without limitation, if the ETF 
applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar provisions permitting the ETF to delay or 
refuse redemption or transfer of ETF Shares) as described in the ETF Documents, 
(v) the ETF imposes in whole or in part any restriction (including, without limitation, any 
redemption in specie), charge or fee in respect of a redemption or subscription of its ETF Shares 
by the Issuer or any Hedge Provider or exercises its right to claw back the proceeds already paid 
on redeemed ETF Shares, if in any case it could in the sole determination of any Hedge Provider 
have an adverse impact on any Hedge Provider’s rights or obligations in relation to its hedging 
activities in relation to the Warrants, (vi) a mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the ETF 
Shares is imposed by the ETF on any one or more holders of ETF Shares at any time for any 
reason or (vii) the Issuer, any Hedge Provider, or any Affiliate thereof, is required by the ETF or 
ETF Service Provider to redeem any ETF Shares for any reason; 
(xii) 
all the ETF Shares or all or substantially all the assets of an ETF are nationalised, expropriated or 
are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof; 
(xiii) the currency or denomination of the ETF Share is amended from that set out in the ETF 
Documents as at the Trade Date; 
(xiv) one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the ETF ceases to 
act in such capacity, and the ETF or relevant ETF Service Provider fails to appoint a replacement 
having similar qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
(xv) 
following the issue by a ETF of a new class or series (howsoever described in the ETF 
Documents) of shares, the Calculation Agent, determines that such new class or series of shares 
has or may have an adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in relation to the 
Warrants; 
(xvi) there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations 
relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging 
arrangements entered into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Warrants (a “Tax Event”) and, 
subject as provided below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar 
month following the day the relevant Tax Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to 
mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by seeking to transfer such hedging

--- Page 116 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
116 
arrangements to any of its Affiliates, provided that the Issuer or the Hedge Provider shall not under 
any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense 
of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any date 
the Calculation Agent determines that there is no reasonable means of mitigating the Tax Event as 
provided above; 
(xvii) in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Warrants, as a result of any adoption of, 
or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after the Issue 
Date, or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, whether 
formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial 
body of any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a 
result of any other relevant event (each a “Relevant Event”) (i) it would become unlawful or 
impractical for the Issuer or the Hedge Provider to hold (including, without limitation, 
circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider or the Issuer to adversely modify any reserve, special 
deposit, or similar requirement or that would adversely affect the amount of regulatory capital that 
would have to be maintained in respect of any holding of ETF Shares or that would subject a 
holder of the ETF Shares or the Issuer to any loss), purchase or sell any ETF Shares of the ETF or 
for the Issuer or the Hedge Provider to maintain such hedging arrangements, (ii) the cost to the 
Issuer or the Hedge Provider of such hedging activities would be materially increased for any 
reason or (iii) the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss and, subject 
as provided below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar week 
following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the 
effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to any of its 
Affiliates, provided that the Issuer or the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be 
obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the 
period of one calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date the Calculation 
Agent determines that that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Relevant Event as 
provided above; 
(xviii) in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Warrants, if the cost to the Issuer or the 
Hedge Provider in relation to the Warrants and the related hedging activities would be materially 
increased or the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss relating to 
the Warrants and the related hedging activities; 
(xix) in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Warrants, the Hedge Provider is unable 
or it becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset or any futures or option contracts on the 
relevant Exchange it deems necessary to hedge the equity, commodity or other underlying ETF 
asset price risk or any other relevant price risk, including but not limited to the Issuer’s obligations 
under the Warrants, or (b) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction, asset or 
futures or option contract or any relevant hedge positions relating to an ETF Share of the ETF; 
(xx) 
at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur an 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, capital 
and/or funding costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the Warrants; 
(xxi) the Issuer becomes legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming its holding of ETF Shares; 
(xxii) the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the relevant ETF 
Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason 
and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where the Exchange is located in 
the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the 
NASDAQ National Market System (or their respective successors) or otherwise 
(ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, 
where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the European Union); 
(xxiii) (i) the occurrence of the reclassification of the ETF Shares; or 
(ii) (A) proposal for or (B) the occurrence of the acquisition of the ETF by, or the aggregation of 
the ETF into, another fund the mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks of which the Calculation

--- Page 117 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
117 
Agent determines to be different from the mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks of the ETF as 
compared to the Trade Date of the ETF Linked Warrants (or any proposal for the foregoing 
occurs); or 
(xxiv) (i) any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the ETF or the ETF 
Shares by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the ETF or the ETF 
Shares; 
(ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the ETF, any ETF Service 
Provider or the ETF Shares that the Calculation Agent determines has or is reasonably likely to 
have an adverse impact on the investors in the ETF or the holders of the ETF Shares or on the 
value of the ETF Shares, or 
(iii) the ETF or any ETF Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or 
litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving any activities 
relating to or resulting from the operation of the ETF. 
(c) 
Consequences of an Extraordinary ETF Event 
If an Extraordinary ETF Event occurs, including any Additional Extraordinary ETF Event, the Issuer in 
its sole and absolute discretion may take any of the actions (each an “Extraordinary ETF Event 
Action”) described in subparagraphs (i) to (iii) inclusive below. 
(i) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer determines that the action taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETF Event is to be 
“Adjustment” then it may: 
(A) require the Calculation Agent to determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the appropriate 
adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/ or the 
Entitlement (in the case where the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants) and/or the 
Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, 
these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms to account for the relevant 
the Extraordinary ETF Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The 
relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the ETF Shares or to the 
Warrants. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment 
by reference to the adjustment in respect of the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event made by 
any options exchange to options on the ETF Shares traded on that options exchange; or 
(B) following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the ETF Shares traded on 
such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the 
“Options Exchange”), require the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to 
any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the 
Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms 
of the General Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms, which 
adjustment will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the 
effective date of the corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange. If options on 
the ETF Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make 
such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in 
each case where the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants) and/or the Exercise Price 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these ETF 
Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by 
the Options Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event, that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the 
Options Exchange if such options were so traded. 
(ii) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETF Event is to 
be “Substitution”, the Calculation shall on or after the occurrence of any Extraordinary ETF

--- Page 118 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
118 
Event, substutitute each ETF Share (each an “Affected ETF Share”) of each ETF (each, an 
“Affected ETF”) which is affected by such Extraordinary ETF Event with an ETF Share selected 
by it in accordance with the criteria for ETF Share selection set out below (each a “Substitute 
ETF Share”) and the Substitute ETF Share will be deemed to be an “ETF Share” and the relevant 
issuer of such Substitute ETF Share, an “ETF” for the purposes of the Warrants, and the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants) and/or 
the Exercise Price and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, 
these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable 
under the Warrants was to be determined by reference to an initial price (the “Initial Price”) of the 
Affected ETF Share, the relevant Initial Price of each Substitute ETF Share will be determined by 
trhe Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price = A x (B/C) 
where: 
“A” is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute ETF Share on the relevant Exchange on 
the Substitution Date; 
“B” is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected ETF Share; and 
“C” is the fair market value of the relevant Affected ETF Share on the Subsitution Date (which 
may, where available, be determined by reference to the official closing price of the Affected Share 
on the relevant Exchange and/or such other source(s) as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate). 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the ETF Basket will be deemed to be effective as 
of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the “Substitution Date”) in its sole and absolute 
discretion and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be the relevant 
Extraordinary ETF Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute ETF Share will be equal to the Weighting of the relevant 
Affected ETF Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute ETF Share, the relevant share/unit/interest must satisfy the 
following criteria, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion: 
(A) 
where the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer (a) in the 
case of ETF Shares related to a single ETF, and (b) in the case of ETF Shares related to an 
ETF Basket, the relevant share/unit/interest shall be an ordinary share/unit/interest of the 
entity or person that in the case of a Merger Event is the continuing entity in respect of the 
Merger Event or in the case of a Tender Offer is the entity making the Tender Offer 
provided that (i) the relevant share/unit/interest is not already included in the ETF Basket 
and (ii) it is or as of the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event Effective Date is promptly 
scheduled to be (x) publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is 
within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union) and (y) not 
subject to any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations; 
or 
(B) 
(a) where the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and a 
share/unit/interest would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in paragraph (A) above, but 
such share/unit/interest is (in the case of an ETF Share related to an ETF Basket), already 
included in the ETF Basket, or (b) where the Extraordinary ETF Event is not a Merger 
Event or a Tender Offer, an alternative exchange traded instrument which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the relevant ETF, 
including but not limited to, a comparable listing, investment objectives, investment 
restrictions and investment processes underlying asset pools and whose related parties are 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 119 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
119 
(C) 
if no alternative traded instrument can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub- 
paragraph (B) above, use reasonable endeavours to substitute the relevant ETF with an 
index (or a fund tracking an index) selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion; and 
(D) 
following any such substitution (a “Substitution”), in its sole and absolute discretion 
amend such of the General Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Issue 
Terms as it determines to be appropriate to take account of such Substitution, including to 
ensure the weighted average price referred to in (i) above (and any consequent rise or fall in 
value of the affected ETF Share since the Issue Date) is reflected in the terms of the 
Substitution. 
(iii) 
Cancellation 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETF Event is to 
be “Cancellation”, upon the occurrence of any of the Extraordinary Fund Events set out in ETF 
Linked Condition 2 or any Additional Extraordinary Fund Event specified in the Final Terms 
occurs (a “Cancellation Event”) the Issuer (i) shall cancel all but not some only of the Warrants 
on the Cancellation Date by payment to each Warrantholder of the Cancellation Amount. For 
avoidance of any doubt, the Cancellation Amount shall not accrue any interest from the date of its 
calculation to the Cancellation Date. 
(iv) 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETF Event, if the Issuer determines that an adjustment in 
accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall give notice as soon as practicable (an 
“Extraordinary Event Notice”) to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 
(Notices) stating the occurrence of such Extraordinary ETF Event (the date on which an 
Extraordinary Event Notice is given, an “Extraordinary ETF Event Notification Date”), giving 
details thereof and the action to be taken in relation thereto, including, in the case of a Substitution, 
the identity of the Substitute ETF Shares and the Substitution Date and, in the case of a 
Cancellation, details of any Cancellation Date and Cancellation Amount (where applicable), 
provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any 
such Extraordinary ETF Event or the proposed action. 
 
3. 
Correction of ETF Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to the 
due date for any payment under the Warrants calculated by reference to the price of an ETF Share, if the relevant 
price of the relevant ETF Share published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to 
make any determination under the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the 
relevant Exchange within the number of days equal to the ETF Share Correction Period of the original 
publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant ETF Share as so corrected. Corrections 
published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the 
Warrants calculated by reference to the price of an ETF Share will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for 
the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
 
4. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
This ETF Linked Condition 4 is applicable only if: 
(i) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
Warrants which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under 
the Warrants which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) 
Provided that: 
(i) 
if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Issue Terms is 
the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day at 
any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation Time a Knock-in Event or 
a Knock-out Event would otherwise have occurred and a Trading Disruption, Exchange

--- Page 120 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
120 
Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event 
shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock- in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination 
Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period 
Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
price of each affected ETF Share as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time 
in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Issue Terms is 
any time/or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange other than the 
Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day at 
any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-
out Valuation Time a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event would otherwise have occurred and a 
Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then, the Knock-in 
Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation 
of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur 
in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the price of each affected ETF Share as at the Knock-in 
Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the 
definition of Valuation Date. 
 
5. 
Automatic Early Expiration 
If “Automatic Early Expiration” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then unless previously exercised 
or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period if on any or all Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date(s), as 
specified in the Issue Terms, an Automatic Early Expiration Event occurs, then each Warrant will, subject as 
provided in ETF Linked Condition 2(c), be automatically cancelled in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic 
Early Expiration Settlement Date immediately following such Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date or 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Expiration 
Amount. 
 
6. 
Definitions 
“Additional Extraordinary ETF Event” means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms) Change in 
Law, (ii) Failure to Deliver (in the case of Physically Delivered Warrants), or (iii) any of Hedging Disruption, 
Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss Event and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow, in each case if specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, control means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of an entity. 
“AEE Value” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1 
(General Definitions). 
“Automatic Early Expiration Amount” means, in respect of each Calculation Amount, the amount set out in 
the Issue Terms. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Settlement Date” means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if 
such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, provided that no additional amount 
shall be payable to Holders as a result of such delay. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Event” means the AER Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or

--- Page 121 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
121 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Expiration Trigger, 
(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the Automatic Early Expiration Range, as specified in the 
Issue Terms, 
“Automatic Early Expiration Trigger” means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in ETF Linked Condition 2(c)(i) above. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Range” means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as 
such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these ETF Linked Conditions. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date” means each date as specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the 
corresponding provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such 
provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period” means each period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Time” has the meaning given it in the Issue Terms. 
“Averaging Date” means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Issue Terms or, if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. 
If any such day is a Disrupted Day pursuant to the above, then: 
(a) 
If “Omission” is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed not to be an 
Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount, as applicable, 
provided that if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur, then the 
provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date; or 
(b) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, the provisions of the definition of 
Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on that 
Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date irrespective of whether, pursuant to 
such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an 
Averaging Date, or 
(c) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the Issue Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Warrants are ETF Linked Warrants relating to a single ETF, the Averaging Date shall be 
the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding Valid Date has not 
occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then 
(A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Valuation Date below; 
(ii) 
where the Warrants are ETF Linked Warrants relating to an ETF Basket, the Averaging Date for 
each ETF Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally 
designated Averaging Date (the “Scheduled Averaging Date”) and the Averaging Date for each 
ETF Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Valid Date 
(as defined below) in relation to such ETF Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to 
such ETF Share has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to 
the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for 
the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant 
Averaging Date, then (A) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging 
Date) in respect of such ETF Share, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the

--- Page 122 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
122 
relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of 
the definition of Valuation Date below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these ETF Linked Conditions, “Valid Date” means a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to 
occur. 
“Cancellation Amount” means amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant taking into account the 
relevant Extraordinary ETF Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as 
soon as practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event. 
“Cancellation Date” means (i) the date determined by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt shall be any 
date determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion) and specified in the notice given to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or 
(ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant ETF Share and/or (B) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the ETF Linked Warrants (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates). 
“Clearance System” means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the 
relevant securities. 
“Clearance System Business Days” means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event results in the Clearance System being unable to clear the transfer 
of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
“Coupon Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(a) 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; 
(b) 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(c) 
where Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis) are 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms for (i) ETF Linked Warrants, (ii) Index Linked Warrants and/ 
or (iii) Equity Linked Warrants, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as defined in the Index Linked 
Conditions and/or Equity Linked Conditions. 
“Early Closure” means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such 
Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
“ETF” means any fund specified as being an Exchange Traded Fund in the Issue Terms, or if not so specified, 
any fund which the Calculation Agent determines to be an exchange traded fund. 
“ETF Basket” means a Basket comprising the ETF Shares in one or more ETFs specified in the Issue Terms. 
“ETF Documents” means, with respect to any ETF Share, the offering documents in effect on the Trade Date 
specifiying among other things the terms and conditions relating to such ETF and for the avoidance of any doubt 
any other documents and agreements in respect of the ETF, as may be further described in any offering 
documents. 
“ETF Service Provider” means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly 
or indirectly, for such ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any investment

--- Page 123 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
123 
advisor or manager, fund adviser, fund administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, 
sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent and any other 
person as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“ETF Share(s)” means, in respect of an ETF, a share or unit in such ETF. 
“ETF Share Correction Period” means the period specified in the Issue Terms or if none is so specified, one 
Settlement Cycle. 
“Exchange” means, in relation to a ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
ETF Share in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in the ETF Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF Share on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
“Exchange Business Day” means either (i) in the case of a single ETF Share, Exchange Business Day (Single 
ETF Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of ETFs or other assets, (a) Exchange Business Day (All ETF 
Shares Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Share Basis) or (c) Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset 
Basis), in each case as specified in the Issue Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the Issue 
Terms, Exchange Business Day (All ETF Shares Basis) shall apply. 
“Exchange Business Day (All ETF Shares Basis)” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange 
and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s) 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)” means, in respect of an ETF Basket, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which each relevant Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of all ETFs comprised in the 
ETF Basket is open for trading during its regular trading session(s) (notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time) which is also an Exchange Business Day under 
and as defined in the Index Linked Conditions and/or Equity Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
“Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Share Basis)” means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such ETF Share are 
open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange 
or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Business Day (Single ETF Share Basis)” means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange 
closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing Time. 
“Exchange Disruption” means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, the ETF Share on the Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, 
futures or options contracts on or relating to the ETF Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
“Extraordinary ETF Event Effective Date” means, in respect of an Extraordinary ETF Event, the date on 
which such Extraordinary ETF Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion. 
“Failure to Deliver” means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for such 
Relevant Assets. 
“Hedge Provider” means the party (being, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation 
Agent, an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the 
Warrants or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a hypothetical investor, who shall be deemed 
to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or be deemed to hold such 
number of ETF Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an 
amount linked to the performance of, such number of ETF Shares as it (or in the case of a hypothetical investor, 
the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant 
Warrants.

--- Page 124 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
124 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the fund price risk or any other relevant price risk 
including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or 
transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Hedging Shares” means the number of ETF Shares that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates deems necessary to 
hedge the price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk 
(including, without limitation, fund price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/ or 
any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Increased Cost of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to borrow 
any ETF Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
“Initial Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of an ETF Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in relation to 
such ETF Share in the Issue Terms. 
“Insolvency Filing” means that an ETF institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any 
similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or 
petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the ETF shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
“Knock-in Barrier” means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in these ETF Linked 
Conditions. 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Event” means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or 
(y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 125 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
125 
“Knock-in Range” means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in these ETF Linked Conditions. 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as 
such in the Issue Terms or in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the 
Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
“Knock-in Value” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition5.1. 
“Knock-out Barrier” means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the ETF Linked Conditions. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Event” means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than, 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to, 
(iii) 
less than or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or 
(y) in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Range” means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in these ETF Linked Conditions. 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified 
as such in the Issue Terms or, in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the 
Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
“Knock-out Value” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in the Payout Condition 
5.1. 
“Loss of Stock Borrow” means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any ETF Share in an amount equal to the Hedging 
Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
“Market Disruption Event” means, in respect of an ETF Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption or (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at 
any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-
out Event, begins or ends at the time when the level of the relevant ETF Share triggers, respectively, the 
occurrence of the Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event or (b) in all other circumstances that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
“Maximum Stock Loan Rate” means, in respect of an ETF Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
“Number of NAV Publication Days” means (i) the number of calendar days specified in the Issue Terms, or 
(ii) if not specified in the Issue Terms, the maximum number of days after the due date for publication or

--- Page 126 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
126 
reporting of the net asset value per ETF Share after which the ETF Service Provider or any entity fulfilling such 
role, howsoever described in the ETF Documents, or any other party acting on behalf of the ETF, may remedy 
any failure to publish or report the net asset value per ETF Share in accordance with the relevant ETF Documents 
and before the Calculation Agent may determine that an Extraordinary ETF Event has occurred. 
“Observation Date” means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Issue Terms, or if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding 
provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date. 
“Observation Period” means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Issue Terms. 
“Related Exchange” means, in relation to an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for such ETF Share in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such ETF Share has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such ETF Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where All Exchanges is specified as the 
Related Exchange in the Issue Terms, Related Exchange shall mean each exchange or quotation system where 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such ETF Share. 
“Scheduled Closing Time” means, in respect of an Exchange on which an ETF Share is traded and/or listed, the 
scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means either (i) in the case of a single ETF and in relation to an ETF Share, 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of an ETF Basket, (a) Scheduled Trading 
Day (All ETF Shares Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Share Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading Day 
(Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the Issue Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made 
in the Issue Terms, Exchange Business Day (All ETF Shares Basis) shall apply. 
“Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Shares Basis)” means any day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
“Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)” means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of all ETFs comprised in the basket of assets is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session which is also a Scheduled Trading Day for the 
purpose of the Index Linked Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
“Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Share Basis)” means, in respect of an ETF Share, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such ETF Share are scheduled to be open for 
trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
“Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Share Basis)” means any day on which the relevant Exchange and the 
relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means any day which but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day would have been 
a Valuation Date. 
“Screen Page” means the page specified in the Issue Terms, or any successor page or service thereto. 
“Settlement Cycle” means, in respect of an ETF Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days following 
a trade in the ETF Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of 
such Exchange. 
“Settlement Price” means, subject as referred to in relation to any Observation Date, Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date, Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time or Knock- in 
Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Issue Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such 
ETF Share on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the Issue Terms, the Observation Date, the Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination

--- Page 127 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
127 
Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms, an Averaging Date (or if, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time 
or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Expiration Valuation 
Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or such Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, if so specified in the Issue Terms) cannot be so determined and the Valuation Date, Automatic Early 
Expiration Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the 
arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time or 
Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the Valuation Date, Automatic 
Early Expiration Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Issue Terms) and the closing fair market selling price 
(or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, 
as the case may be, on the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, Knock- in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Issue 
Terms) for the ETF Share based, at the Calculation Agent’s discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the 
foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by 
the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such ETF Share or on such other factors as the Calculation 
Agent shall decide). 
“Settlement Price Date” means any Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day, 
Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
“Specified Maximum Days of Disruption” means five (5) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Stop-Loss Event” means, in respect of an ETF Share, the price of any ETF Share as quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for such ETF Share at any time or the Scheduled Closing Time, as specified in the Issue Terms, on any 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such ETF Share on or after the Trade Date or, if 
later the Strike Date, is less than 5 per cent., or such percentage specified in the Issue Terms, of its Settlement 
Price or, if no Settlement Price is stipulated in the Issue Terms, the price given as the benchmark price for such 
ETF Share in the Issue Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Strike Date” means the Strike Date specified in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the 
definition of “Valuation Date” below, provided that: 
in the case of ETF Linked Warrants relating to a ETF Basket, if the Strike Date for any ETF Share forming part 
of the ETF Basket is specified to be the Trade Date (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to any adjustments 
relating to the Strike Date that are set out in the Issue Terms) then: 
(i) if the Strike Date for any ETF Share forming part of the ETF Basket is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
Strike Date for such ETF Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; unless (ii) in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date for such 
ETF Share, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such 
ETF Share forming part of the ETF Basket unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled Strike Date is a 
Disrupted Day in respect of such ETF Share. 
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the 
relevant ETF Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to such ETF Share, 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the ETF Share as of the Valuation Time on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the price 
of that ETF Share last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or 
quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each ETF Share 
comprised in that ETF Basket (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant ETF Share on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for 
the relevant ETF Share as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and 
otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
“Strike Day” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. “Strike 
Period” means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 128 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
128 
“Trading Disruption” means, in relation to an ETF Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading 
by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the 
ETF Share on the Exchange; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the ETF Share on any relevant 
Related Exchange. 
“Valuation Date” means the Strike Date, Expiration Date, Actual Exercise Date, Potential Exercise Date(s), 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date and Specified Exercise Date, as the case may be, specified in the 
Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, 
then: 
(a) 
in the case of ETF Linked Warrants relating to a single ETF Share, the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price in accordance with its good faith 
estimate of the Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on that the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of ETF Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of ETF Shares, the Valuation Date for each ETF 
Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the 
Valuation Date for each ETF Share affected (each an “Affected Item”) by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the 
Affected Item unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price using its good faith 
estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
“Valuation Time” in relation to an ETF Share means either (i) the close of trading on the Exchange or (ii) as 
otherwise specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Weighting”, in relation to an ETF Share, the weighting to be applied to it as specified in the Issue Terms or if 
no weighting is so specified then no such weighting shall apply.

--- Page 129 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS 
 
129 
                                                              ANNEX 5 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Fund Linked Warrants shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Fund Linked Warrants set out 
below (the “Fund Linked Conditions”), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex 
which is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of 
any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Fund Linked Conditions, the Fund Linked Conditions 
shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Fund Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, 
the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
 
1. 
Extraordinary Fund Events 
“Extraordinary Fund Event” means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the occurrence at any time 
on or after the Issue Date of any of the following events and any applicable Additional Extraordinary Fund 
Event: 
(a) all the Fund Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalized, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
(b) by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of 
or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (i) all the Fund Shares of that Fund are required to be 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the Fund Shares of that Fund 
become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them; 
(c) the Fund or any Fund Service Provider (i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, 
winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), 
(ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (1) institutes or 
has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, 
or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a 
person or entity not described in sub-clause (iii)(1) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation 
or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (iv) seeks or becomes subject to the 
appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other 
similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (v) has a secured party take possession of all or 
substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process 
levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vi) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has 
an effect analogous to any of the events specified in sub- clauses (i) to (v) above; 
(d) the commencement of any investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings 
against the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any key personnel of such entities, if such proceedings could 
(in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) have an adverse impact on a Hedge Provider’s rights or obligations 
in relation to hedging activities in respect of the Warrants; 
(e) any Fund Service Provider or other agent or entity fulfilling such role, howsoever described in the Fund 
Documents as at the Issue Date, ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund and is not immediately 
replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(f) (i) any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions or investment process (howsoever described) of 
the Fund are modified from that set out in the Fund Documents except where such change is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or (ii) a material modification of the type of assets in which the Fund invests 
(including but not limited to a material deviation from the investment objectives, investment restrictions or 
investment process (howsoever described) set out in the Fund Documents);

--- Page 130 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS 
 
130 
(g) a material modification of the Fund (including but not limited to a modification of the Fund Documents) or 
a material modification of the method of calculating the net asset value per Fund Share, or any change in the 
period or timing of the calculation or the publication of the net asset value per Fund Share or the occurrence 
of any event which in the determination of the Calculation Agent has or may have an adverse impact on the 
Fund or investors in the Fund (including, without limitation, the suspension of the net asset value per Fund 
Share), in each case other than a modification or event which does not affect the Fund Shares or the Fund or 
any portfolio of assets to which the Fund Share relate (either alone or in common with other Fund Shares 
issued by the Fund); 
(h) any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, with any 
information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the investment portfolio of the 
Fund; 
(i) (i) the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Share that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the value of the relevant 
Fund Share; (ii) any failure of the Fund, or its authorised representative, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, 
(1) information that the Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Calculation Agent or 
Hedge Provider, or (2) information that has been previously delivered to any Hedge Provider or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the Fund’s, or its authorised representative’s, normal 
practice and that any Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to 
monitor such Fund’s compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any 
other similar policies relating to the relevant Fund Share; 
(j) any of the Fund, the Fund Service Providers, howsoever described in the Fund Documents, or any other 
party acting on behalf of the Fund fails for any reason to calculate and publish the NAV per Fund Share 
within the Number of NAV Publication Days following any date scheduled for the determination of the 
valuation of the Fund Shares unless the cause of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and outside 
the control of the entity responsible for such publication; 
(k) (i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or the Fund Service Providers are or become unlawful, 
illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any present or future law, 
regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority 
or power, or in the interpretation thereof, (ii) a relevant authorisation or licence is revoked or is under 
review by a competent authority in respect of the Fund Service Providers, (iii) the Fund is required by a 
competent authority to redeem any Fund Shares and/or (iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any Hedge 
Provider is required by a competent authority, the Fund or any other relevant entity to dispose of or 
compulsorily redeem any Fund Shares held in connection with any hedging arrangements relating to the 
Warrants; 
(l) (i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription or redemption order 
in respect of any Fund Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, any non-execution by the Fund 
pending completion of its fiscal audit), if such non-execution or partial execution could in the sole 
determination of any Hedge Provider have an adverse impact on any Hedge Provider’s rights or obligations 
in relation to its hedging activities in relation to the Warrants, (ii) the Fund otherwise suspends or refuses 
transfers of any of its Fund Shares as described in the Fund Documents, (iii) if applicable, the Fund ceases 
to be an undertaking for collective investments under the relevant jurisdiction’s legislation, 
(iv) the Fund otherwise suspends or refuses redemptions of any of its Fund Shares (including, without 
limitation, if the Fund applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar provisions permitting the 
Fund to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of Fund Shares) as described in the Fund Documents, 
(v) the Fund imposes in whole or in part any restriction (including, without limitation, any redemption in 
specie), charge or fee in respect of a redemption or subscription of its Fund Shares by the Issuer or any 
Hedge Provider or exercises its right to claw back the proceeds already paid on redeemed Fund Shares, if in 
any case it could in the sole determination of any Hedge Provider have an adverse impact on any Hedge 
Provider’s rights or obligations in relation to its hedging activities in relation to the Warrants, (vi) a 
mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the Fund Shares is imposed by the Fund on any one or more 
holders of Fund Shares at any time for any reason or (vii) the Issuer, any Hedge Provider, or any Affiliate 
thereof, is required by the Fund or Fund Service Provider to redeem any Fund Shares for any reason; 
(m) the aggregate net asset value of the Fund falls below the level of the NAV Barrier;

--- Page 131 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS 
 
131 
(n) a NAV Trigger Event occurs; 
(o) any proposal to wind up the Fund or the Fund ceases to exist or there exists any litigation against the Fund 
or a Fund Service Provider which in the determination of the Calculation Agent could materially affect the 
value of the Fund Shares; 
(p) the currency or denomination of the Fund Share is amended from that set out in the Fund Documents so that 
the net asset value per Fund Share is no longer calculated in the same currency as at the Trade Date; 
(q) one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund ceases to act in such 
capacity, and the Fund or relevant Fund Service Provider fails to appoint a replacement having similar 
qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
(r) following the issue by a Fund of a new class or series (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) of 
shares, the Calculation Agent, determines that such new class or series of shares has or may have an adverse 
effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in relation to the Warrants; 
(s) where the Warrants are linked to a Fund Basket, a Basket Trigger Event; 
(t) there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations relating to 
taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging arrangements entered into by 
any Hedge Provider in respect of the Warrants, (a “Tax Event”) and, subject as provided below, the Issuer 
or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event 
became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by 
seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to any of its Affiliates, provided that the Issuer or the Hedge 
Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a 
loss or expense of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on 
any date the Calculation Agent determines that there is no reasonable means of mitigating the Tax Event as 
provided above; 
(u) in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Warrants, as a result of any adoption of, or any 
change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after the Issue Date, or 
issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or 
informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any law, 
order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other relevant 
event (each a “Relevant Event”) (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Issuer or the Hedge 
Provider to hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider or the Issuer to 
adversely modify any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would adversely affect the 
amount of regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any holding of Fund Shares or 
that would subject a holder of the Fund Shares or the Issuer to any loss), purchase or sell any Fund Shares of 
the Fund or for the Issuer or the Hedge Provider to maintain such hedging arrangements, (ii) the cost to the 
Issuer or the Hedge Provider of such hedging activities would be materially increased for any reason or (iii) 
the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss and, subject as provided below, the 
Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar week following the day the Relevant Event 
became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to 
transfer such hedging arrangements to any of its Affiliates, provided that the Issuer or the Hedge Provider 
shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or 
expense of any kind and the period of one calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date 
the Calculation Agent determines that that there is no means of mitigating the Relevant Event as provided 
above; or 
(v) in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Warrants, if the cost to the Issuer or the Hedge 
Provider in relation to the Warrants would be materially increased or the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider 
would be subject to a material loss. 
 
2. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred, including any Additional 
Extraordinary Fund Event specified in the Issue Terms, the Calculation shall notify the Issuer and the Issuer shall 
give notice (an “Extraordinary Event Notice”) to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 
(Notices) of the occurrence of such Extraordinary Fund Event (the date on which an

--- Page 132 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS 
 
132 
Extraordinary Fund Event is gives, an “Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date”), giving details of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event and the action to be taken in respect thereof. 
If an Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take any of the actions 
(each an “Extraordinary Fund Event Action”) described below:, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms 
either (a) adjustment (b) effect a Substitution (as defined below) if a Substitution Event has occurred or 
(c) subject as provided in Fund Linked Condition 3 (Cancellation Date Extension) below, if it is impossible or 
not reasonably practicable to effect a Substitution or a Cancellation Event has occurred, cancel the Warrants by 
payment of the Cancellation Amount on the Termination Date. 
 
(a) Adjustment 
If the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that the action to be taken in respect of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event is to be “Adjustment”, then the Calculation Agent may determine, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more Fund, Fund Share and/ 
or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms 
to take account of the Extraordinary Fund Event and determine the effective date of such adjustment. 
 
(b) Substitution 
A “Substitution Event” may be deemed to have occurred if the Calculation Agent determines that any of the 
Extraordinary Fund Events set out Fund Linked Condition 1 or any Additional Extraordinary Fund Event 
specified in the Issue Terms occurs. Following the occurrence of a Substitution Event in respect of any Fund 
Share, the Calculation Agent shall: 
(i) determine the weighted average price at which an investor can redeem the affected Fund Shares in the 
relevant Fund in such number as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion as soon as it is reasonably practicable after its determination of the Substitution Event; 
(ii) for a period of not longer than 14 calendar days after the date of its determination of the Substitution 
Event, use reasonable efforts to substitute the relevant Fund Shares with shares, units or other similar 
interests in an alternative fund which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, has similar 
characteristics to the relevant Fund, including but not limited to, comparable investment objectives, 
investment restrictions and investment processes and has service providers acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent; 
(iii) if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub-paragraph (ii) above, use 
reasonable efforts to substitute the relevant Fund with an index (or a fund tracking an index) selected 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(iv) following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii) above (a “Substitution”), in its 
sole and absolute discretion amend such of the General Conditions, these Fund Linked Conditions 
and/or the Issue Terms as it determines to be appropriate to take account of such Substitution, 
including to ensure the weighted average price referred to in (i) above (and any consequent rise or fall 
in value of the affected Fund Shares since the Issue Date) is reflected in the terms of the Substitution. 
(c) Cancelllation 
A “Cancellation Event” may be deemed to have occurred in respect to any Fund or Fund Share, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that any of the Extraordinary Fund Events set out in Fund Linked Condition 1 or 
any Additional Extraordinary Fund Event specified in the Issue Terms occurs. Upon the occurrence of a 
Canellation Event the Issuer (i) shall cancel all but not some only of the Warrants on the Cancellation Date by 
payment to each Warrantholder of the Cancellation Amount. 
 
3. 
Cancellation Date Extension 
In the case of Cash Settled Warrants, if on the Scheduled Settlement Date, Automatic Early Expiration Valuation 
Date or Cancellation Date, as the case may be, the Hedge Provider has not, (or is deemed to have not), after 
having placed one or more redemption orders in respect of its holding of Fund Shares in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Fund Documents, received redemption proceeds in full in respect of all Fund Shares (the 
“Redemption Proceeds”), the Calculation Agent may notify the Issuer and the Issuer shall notify the Holders as 
soon as practicable in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices) that the Settlement Date,

--- Page 133 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS 
 
133 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date or the Cancellation Date, as the case may be, has been postponed. As 
soon as practicable following receipt (or deemed receipt) by the Hedge Provider of the Redemption Proceeds the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give notice to the Holders in accordance 
with General Condition 10 (Notices) (such notice the “Delayed Payment Notice”) and cancel the Warrants on 
the date falling not more than five Business Days following the receipt of the Delayed Payment Notice (such 
date, the “Postponed Redemption Date”) by payment to each Warrantholder of the Settlement Amount, the 
Automatic Early Expiration Amount or the Cancellation Amount, as the case may be, provided that, if the Hedge 
Provider does not receive the Redemption Proceeds within the period ending on the date (the “Delayed Payment 
Cut-off Date”) specified in the Issue Terms or, if not so specified, the second anniversary of the scheduled 
Settlement Date, the Automatic Early Expiration Settlement Date or the Cancellation Date, as the case may be, 
the Postponed Settlement Date shall be the Delayed Cut-off Date and the Settlement Amount, the Automatic 
Early Expiration Amount or the Cancellation Amount will be calculated by reference to the redemption proceeds 
actually received by the Hedge Provider which may be zero. 
 
4. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) This Fund Linked Condition 4 is applicable only if: 
(i) Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
Warrants which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
Warrants which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
 
5. 
Automatic Early Expiration 
If “Automatic Early Expiration” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then unless previously cancelled, 
if (i) on any Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Expiration 
Valuation Period if on any or all Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Issue Terms, 
an Automatic Early Expiration Event occurs, then the Warrants will, subject as provided in Fund Linked 
Condition 3, be automatically cancelled in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Expiration Settlement 
Date immediately following such Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date or Automatic Early Expiration 
Valuation Period and the Issuer shall cancel each Warrant at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Expiration Amount. 
 
6. 
Definitions 
“Additional Extraordinary Fund Event” means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms) Change in 
Law,(ii) Failure to Deliver (in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants), and (iii) Hedging Disruption and 
Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, control means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of an entity. 
“AEE Value” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1 
(General Definitions). 
“Automatic Early Expiration Amount” means, in respect of each Calculation Amount, an amount calculated as 
set out in the Issue Terms. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Settlement Date” means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if 
such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Warrantholder shall be entitled to any 
further payment in respect of such delay. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Event” means the AEE Value is (A), 
(i) greater than; 
(ii) greater than or equal to;

--- Page 134 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS 
 
134 
(iii) less than; or 
(iv) less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Expiration Trigger, 
(i), (ii), (iii) applying or (iv) or (B) within or outside the Automatic Early Expiration Range, as specified in the 
Issue Terms, 
“Automatic Early Expiration Trigger” means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in Fund Linked Condition 2(a) above. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Range” means the range of prices, amounts, percentages, or numbers specified as 
such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these Fund Linked; 
“Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms and if 
such a date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately following Fund Business Day. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period” means each period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Time” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms 
“Averaging Date” means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Issue Terms or if any such date is not 
a Fund Valuation Date, the immediately following Fund Valuation Date, unless such immediately following day 
is, due to the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event not a Fund Valuation Date. 
If any such day is not a Fund Valuation Date (a “Fund Non-Valuation Date”), then: 
(a) If “Omission” is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed not to be an 
Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant NAV per Fund Share provided that if through 
the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur, then the Calculation Agent may, in its sole 
and absolute direction, take any of the Extraordinary Fund Event Actions; or 
(b) if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the Issue Terms then: 
(i) In the case of Fund Linked Warrants relating to a single Fund, the Averaging Date shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date that is not a Fund Non-Valuation Date (irrespective of whether such date is an 
Averaging Date), unless each of the number of consecutive Valid Dates equal to the Number of NAV 
Publication Days immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of such day being 
a Fund Non-Valuation Date, would have been the relevant Averaging Date. In that case, (i) the last 
such consecutive Valid Date shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is also an Averaging Date and (ii) the Calculation Agent in its sole an absolute discretion may 
take any Extraordinary Fund Event Actions. 
(ii) in the case of Fund Linked Warrants relating to a Fund Basket, the Averaging Date for each Fund 
Share not affected by the occurrence of a Fund Non-Valuation Date shall be the original Averaging 
Date (the “Scheduled Averaging Date”), and the Averaging Date for each Fund Share affected (each an 
“Affected Item”) by the occurrence of a Fund Non-Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Valid 
Date that is not a Fund Non-Valuation Date relating to the Affected Item (regardless of whether such 
Valid Date is an Averaging Date) unless each of the number of consecutive Valid Dates equal to the 
Number of NAV Publication Days immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Fund 
Non-Publication Date relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive date shall 
be deemed to be the Averaging Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is an 
Averaging Date, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall in its sole and absolute discretion may take any 
Extraordinary Fund Event Actions. 
(c) if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the Issue Terms then: 
(i) where the Warrants are Fund Linked Warrants relating to a single Fund, the Averaging Date shall be 
the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred 
for a number of consecutive Fund Business Days equal to the Number of NAV Publication Days 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of such date being a Fund Non- 
Valuation Date or another Averaging Date, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then, 
(A) that last such consecutive Fund Business Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such Fund Business Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the

--- Page 135 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS 
 
135 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute direction, take any of the Extraordinary Fund Event 
Actions; 
(ii) where the Warrants are Fund Linked Warrants relating to a Fund Basket, the Averaging Date for each 
Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Fund Non-Valuation Date shall be the originally 
designated Averaging Date (the “Scheduled Averaging Date”) and the Averaging Date for each Fund 
Share affected by the occurrence of a Fund Non-Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date 
(as defined below) in relation to such Fund Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred 
for a number of consecutive Fund Business Days equal to the Number of NAV Publication Days 
immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date that, but for the occurrence of such date being a 
Fund Non-Valuation Date or another Averaging Date, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, 
then (A) that last such consecutive Fund Business Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such Fund Business Day is already an Averaging Date), and 
(B) the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute direction, take any of the Extraordinary Fund Event 
Actions; and 
(iii) for the purposes of these Fund Linked Conditions, “Valid Date” means a Fund Valuation Date which is 
not a Fund Non-Valuation Date and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to 
occur. 
“Basket Trigger Event” means that a Substitution Event occurs in respect of one or more Funds comprising the 
Fund Basket which has or, in the event that a Substitution Event has occurred in respect of more than one Fund, 
together have, a Weighting in the Fund Basket equal to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level. 
“Basket Trigger Level” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms or if not so specified, 50 per cent. 
“Calculation Date” means each day(s) specified in the Issue Terms, or if not so specified, each day which is a 
Fund Business Day. 
“Cancellation Amount” means an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant taking into account the 
relevant Extraordinary Fund Event (the “Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount”), less the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the “Modified 
Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount”), all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Fund Event. 
“Cancellation Date” means the date determined by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt shall be any 
date determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion) and specified in the notice given to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or 
(ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant Fund Share and/or (B) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Fund Linked Warrants (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates). 
“Failure to Deliver” means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for such Fund 
Shares. 
“Final Calculation Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Fund 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
“Fund” means Fund(s), or sub-Fund(s) specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Fund Basket” means a Basket comprising the Fund Shares specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Fund Business Day” has the meaning specified in the Issue Terms, or, if not so specified, (i) in respect of a 
single Fund (Single Fund Share Basis), a date (a) that is a Fund Valuation Date and (b) on which the Hedging 
Provider has, or could have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per 
Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally published or reports that value)

--- Page 136 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS 
 
136 
in respect of such Fund Valuation Date; and (ii) in respect of a Fund Basket, either Fund Business Day (All Fund 
Shares Basis) or Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) as specified in the Issue Terms, provided that, if no 
such specification is made in the Issue Terms, Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) shall apply. 
“Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)” means with respect to a Fund Basket, a date (i) that is a Fund 
Valuation Date for all Fund Shares comprising the Fund Basket and (ii) on which the Hedging Provider has, or 
could have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share 
published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally published or reports that value) in respect of 
such Fund Valuation Date. 
“Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)” means with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is a Fund 
Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Share and (ii) on which the Hedging Provider has, or could have a 
subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider that generally published or reports that value) in respect of such Fund Valuation 
Date. 
“Fund Business Day (Single Fund Shares Basis)” means a date (i) that is a Fund Valuation Date and (ii) on 
which the Hedging Provider has, or could have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed 
at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally published or 
reports that value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
“Fund Documents” means, with respect to any Fund Share, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to such 
Fund Shares or as at the Issue Date, as amended from time to time. 
“Fund Service Provider” means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, 
directly or indirectly, for such Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any investment 
advisor or manager, fund adviser, fund administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, 
sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent and any other 
person specified as such in the Fund Documents. 
“Fund Share(s)” means an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a fund, pooled investment 
vehicle or any other interest specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
“Fund Valuation Date” means any date as of which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, the Fund (or the 
Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is but for the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund 
Event would have been scheduled to determine the NAV per Fund Share. 
“Hedge Provider” means the party (being, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation 
Agent, an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the 
Warrants or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a hypothetical investor, who shall be deemed 
to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or be deemed to hold such 
number of Fund Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an 
amount linked to the performance of, such number of Fund Shares as it (or in the case of a hypothetical investor, 
the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant 
Warrants. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the fund price risk or any other relevant price risk 
including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or 
transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk 
(including, without limitation, fund price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (ii) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased

--- Page 137 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS 
 
137 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/ 
or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Initial Calculation Day” means such day specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such day is not a Fund 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
“Initial Calculation Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such day is not a Fund 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
“Initial Calculation Period” means such period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
“Knock-in Barrier” means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in these Fund Linked 
Condition. 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or otherwise each 
Fund Business Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Event” means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) greater than; 
(ii) greater than or equal to; 
(iii) less than; or 
(iv) less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or 
(y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms, 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is 
not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
“Knock-in Range” means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in these Fund Linked 
Conditions. 
“Knock-in Value” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
“Knock-out Barrier” means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the Fund Linked Conditions. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or otherwise each 
Fund Business Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Event” means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) greater than, 
(ii) greater than or equal to, 
(iii) less than or 
(iv) less than or equal to 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or 
(y) in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 138 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS 
 
138 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
“Knock-out Range” means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in the Fund Linked Conditions. 
“Knock-out Value” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in the Payout Condition 
5.1. 
“NAV Barrier” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms. 
“NAV Trigger Event” means, in respect of any Fund Shares, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share has decreased by 
an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any time during the related NAV Trigger 
Period; or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such Fund or its 
assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it 
or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any other contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or 
any of its assets. 
“NAV Trigger Percentage” means the percentage specified in the Issue Terms or, if not so specified, 50 per cent. 
“NAV Trigger Period” means the period specified in the Issue Terms, or if not so specified the period from and 
including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation Date. 
“NAV per Fund Share” means, subject as referred to in Averaging Date, with respect to the relevant Fund Share 
and a Fund Valuation Date: 
(A) in respect of a single Fund, (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Issue Terms, (A) the net asset value per 
Fund Share of such Fund Shares as of the relevant Fund Valuation Date, or (B), if the Fund Service Provider 
of the Fund publishes or reports only the aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares, the net asset value 
per Fund Share relating to such number of Fund Shares as of the relevant Calculation Date as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on the basis of such aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares divided by the 
relevant number of Fund Shares issued and outstanding on the related Fund Valuation Date, each of (A) or 
(B) as reported by the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value on behalf of the 
Fund to its investors or a publishing service; or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Issue Terms, the 
arithmetic mean of the net asset values per Fund Share, (determined in accordance with either 
(A) or (B) of the foregoing sentence) of such Fund Shares on each Averaging Date; and 
(b) in respect of a Fund Basket, (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Issue Terms, (A) the net asset value per 
Fund Share for each Fund Share in the Fund Basket as of the relevant Fund Valuation Date, or (B), if the 
Fund Service Provider of the Fund in relation to a Fund in the Fund Basket publishes or reports only the 
aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares, the net asset value per Fund Share relating to such number of 
Fund Shares as of the relevant Calculation Date for such Fund as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
basis of such aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares for such Fund divided by the relevant number of 
Fund Shares issued by such Fund and outstanding on the related Fund Valuation Date, or (ii) if Averaging is 
specified in the Issue Terms, the arithmetic mean, for each Fund Share in the Fund Basket of the net asset 
values per Fund Share for each Fund in the Fund Basket (determined in accordance with either (A) or (B) 
of the foregoing sentence) relating to such Fund Shares on each Averaging Date. 
“Number of NAV Publication Days” means (i) the number of calendar days specified in the Issue Terms, or 
(ii) if not specified in the Issue Terms, the maximum number of days after the due date for publication or 
reporting of the NAV per Fund Share after which the Fund Service Provider or any entity fulfilling such role, 
howsoever described in the Fund Documents, or any other party acting on behalf of the Fund, may remedy any 
failure to publish or report the NAV per Fund Share in accordance with the relevant Fund Documents and before 
the Calculation Agent may determine that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred.

--- Page 139 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS 
 
139 
“Observation Date” means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Issue Terms, or if any such date 
is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately following Fund Business Day. 
“Observation Period” means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Issue Terms. 
“Weighting” in relation to a Fund Share, the weighting to be applied to it as specified in the Issue Terms or if 
no weighting is so specified then no such weighting shall apply.

--- Page 140 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED WARRANTS 
 
140 
                                                                    ANNEX 6 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED WARRANTS 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Inflation Linked Warrants 
shall comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants   
set out below (the “Inflation Linked Conditions”), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each 
other Annex which is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In 
the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Inflation Linked Conditions, the Inflation 
Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Inflation Linked Conditions and 
the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
 
1. 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Index has occurred, then 
the Relevant Level with respect to any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation of any payment 
or delivery under the Warrants and/or any other determination to be made in respect of the Warrants (the 
“Substitute Inflation Index Level”) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to Inflation Linked 
Condition 1(b) (Substitute Inflation Index Level) below), as follows: 
(a) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level determined under the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; or 
(b) if (a) Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, or (b) the Calculation Agent is not able 
to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under (i) above for any reason, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the following formula: 
Substitute: Inflation Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level) 
Where: 
“Base Level” means the level of the Index (excluding any “flash” estimates) published or announced by the 
Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which the Substitute 
Inflation Index Level is being determined. 
“Latest Level” means the latest level of the Index (excluding any “flash” estimates) published or announced by 
the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being 
determined. 
“Reference Level” means the level of the Index (excluding any “flash” estimates) published or announced by the 
Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month referred to in “Latest Level” 
above. 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices) of 
any Substitute Inflation Index Level calculated pursuant to this Inflation Linked Condition 1 (Delay in 
Publication). 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant Cut-Off Date specified in the 
Issue Terms, then, subject as provided in Inflation Linked Condition 3 (Adjustments), such Relevant Level will 
not be used in any calculations. The Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Inflation 
Linked Condition 1 (Delay in Publication) will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
 
2. 
Successor Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Index has not been published by the Index Sponsor for 
two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or 
announce the Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index then the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
successor index (a “Successor Index”) (in lieu of any previously applicable Index) for the purposes of the 
Warrants as follows: 
(a) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
“Successor Index” by reference to the corresponding successor index determined under the terms and 
conditions of the Related Bond;

--- Page 141 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED WARRANTS 
 
141 
(b) if (x) Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the Issue Terms or (y) a Related Bond Redemption 
Event is specified as applying in the Issue Terms and has occurred and Fallback Bond is not specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms, the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer publish or announce the 
Index but that it will be superseded by a replacement index specified by the Index Sponsor, and the 
Calculation Agent determines that such replacement Index is calculated using the same or a substantially 
similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Index, such 
replacement index shall be deemed the Successor Index for the purposes of the Warrants from the date that 
such replacement Index comes into effect; 
(c) if no Successor Index has been determined under paragraphs (i) or (ii) above the Calculation Agent shall ask 
five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Index should be. If at least four 
responses are received, and of those responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same 
index, such index will be deemed the Successor Index. If three responses are received, and two or more 
leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the Successor Index. If fewer 
than three responses are received by the Cut-Off Date or no Successor Index is determined pursuant to this 
provision, the Calculation Agent will apply the provisions of paragraph (iv) below; 
(d) if no Successor Index has been determined pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) above, by the next 
occurring Cut-Off Date, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate 
alternative index as of such Cut-Off Date for such affected Determination Date, and such index will be 
deemed a Successor Index for the purposes of the Warrants; or 
(e) if the Calculation Agent cannot determine an appropriate alternative index pursuant to sub-paragraphs (i) to 
(iv) above, there will be deemed to be no Successor Index and an Index Cancellation will be deemed to have 
occurred. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor Index shall be 
deemed to replace the Index for the purposes of the Warrants. Notice of the determination of a Successor Index, 
the effective date of the Successor Index or the occurrence of an Index Cancellation will be given to 
Warrantholders by the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices). 
 
3. 
Adjustments 
(a) Successor Index 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with Inflation Linked Condition 2 (Successor Index), the 
Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to any amount payable 
under the Warrants and/or any other relevant term of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary to account for this. The Issuer shall give notice to the Warrantholders of any such adjustment in 
accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices). 
(b) Substitute Inflation Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Inflation Index Level in accordance with Inflation Linked 
Condition 1 (Delay in Publication), the Issuer may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) 
to (x) the Substitute Inflation Index Level determined in accordance with Index Linked Condition 1 (Delay 
in Publication) and/or (y) any amount payable under the Warrants and/or any other relevant term of the 
Warrants, in each case, as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Warrantholders of any such adjustment in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices). 
(c) Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(i) The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (excluding any “flash” or other estimates) 
by the Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and, subject to Inflation 
Linked Condition 3(iii)(b) and (c) below, later revisions to the level for such Reference Month will not 
be used in any calculations, save that in respect of the EUR-All Items-Revised Consumer Price Index, 
the ESP National- Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) and the ESP-Harmonised-Revised Consumer 
Price Index HCPI, revisions to the Relevant Level which are published or announced up to and 
including the day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant Determination Date will be valid and 
the revised Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month will be deemed to be the final and 
conclusive Relevant Level for such Reference Month. The Issuer

--- Page 142 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED WARRANTS 
 
142 
shall give notice to the Warrantholders of any valid revision in accordance with General Condition 10 
(Notices). 
(ii) If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to a Determination Date in respect of which a 
Relevant Level will be used in any calculation or determination in respect of such Determination Date, 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has corrected the Relevant Level to correct a 
manifest error, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment to any amount payable under the 
Warrants and/or any other relevant term of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate as 
a result of such correction and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of that 
correction. The Issuer shall give notice to the Warrantholders of any such adjustment and/or amount in 
accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices). 
(iii) If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of a 
Determination Date in respect of which a Substitute Inflation Index Level was determined, the 
Calculation Agent may either (A) determine that such Relevant Level shall not be used in any 
calculation or determination under the Warrants and that the Substitute Inflation Index Level shall be 
deemed to be the definitive Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month, or (B) request the Issuer 
to make any adjustment to any amount payable under the Warrants and/or any other relevant term of 
the Warrants as it deems appropriate as a result of the announcement or publication of the Relevant 
Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of such publication or 
announcement. The Issuer shall give notice to the Warrantholders of any determination in respect of 
(A) or (B), together with any adjustment or amount in respect thereof, in accordance with General 
Condition 10 (Notices). 
(d) Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Specified Currency (whether relating 
to its convertibility into other currencies or otherwise) which the Calculation Agent determines necessitates 
an adjustment or adjustments to any amount payable under the Warrants (including the Cash Settlement 
Amount and the Exercise Price), and/or any other relevant term of the Warrants (including the date on 
which any amount is payable by the Issuer), the Issuer may make such adjustment or adjustments to such 
amount (including the Cash Settlement Amount and the Exercise Price) and/or any other relevant term of 
the Warrants as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. The Calculation Agent shall give notice to the 
Warrantholders of any such adjustment in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices). 
(e) Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the Index as so 
rebased (the “Rebased Index”) will be used for purposes of determining the Relevant Level from the date 
of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent may make (A) if Related Bond is specified 
as applicable in the Issue Terms, any adjustments as are made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 
Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same 
rate of inflation as before the rebasing, and/or (B) if Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to 
the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the 
Index before it was rebased and in each case the Issuer may make any adjustment(s) to any amount payable 
under the Warrants and/or any other term of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent may deem necessary. If 
the Calculation Agent determines that neither (A) nor (B) above would produce a commercially reasonable 
result, the Calculation Agent may cancel each Warrant on a date notified by the Issuer to Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices) at its fair market value as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as at the date of cancellation taking into account the rebasing, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any 
adjustment, cancellation of the Warrants or determination pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to 
Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices). 
(f) Index Modification 
(i) If on or prior to the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Index Modification has occurred the Calculation Agent may (A) if Related Bond is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, make any adjustments to any Relevant Level and/or any 
other relevant term of the Warrants (including, without limitation, any amount payable under the 
Warrants), consistent with any adjustments made to the Related Bond as the Calculation Agent deems

--- Page 143 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED WARRANTS 
 
143 
necessary, or (B) if Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the Issue Terms or a Related Bond 
Redemption Event has occurred make only those adjustments to the Index, any Relevant Level and/or 
any other term of the Warrants (including, without limitation, any amount payable under the Warrants), 
as the Calculation Agent deems necessary for the modified Index to continue as the Index and to 
account for the economic effect of the Index Modification. 
(ii) If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred at any time after the Cut-
Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the Calculation Agent may determine either to ignore 
such Index Modification for the purposes of any calculation or determination made by the Calculation 
Agent with respect to such Determination Date, in which case the relevant Index Modification will be 
deemed to have occurred with respect to the immediately succeeding Determination Date such that the 
provisions of sub-paragraph (a) above will apply, or, notwithstanding that the Index Modification has 
occurred following the Cut-Off Date, to make any adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems fit in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) above. 
(g) Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may make 
any adjustments to any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of the Warrants (including, without 
limitation, any amount payable under the Warrants to account therefor, or may cancel each Warrant on the 
date notified by the Issuer to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices) at its fair 
market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of cancellation taking into account the 
relevant Additional Disruption Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding or 
amending any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any cancellation of the Warrants shall be 
given to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices). 
(h) Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has occurred, the Issuer may make any 
adjustments to any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of the Warrants (including, without 
limitation, any amount payable under the Warrants to account therefor or may cancel each Warrant on the 
date notified by the Issuer to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices) at its fair 
market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of cancellation taking into account the 
Index Cancellation, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding or amending any related 
underlying hedging arrangements plus, if applicable and already paid, the Exercise Price. Notice of any 
cancellation of the Warrants pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 10 (Notices). 
 
4. 
Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms) Change in Law, and 
(ii) any of Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging if specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any entity (the “First Entity”), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, control means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of an entity. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (A) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or 
(A) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it has become illegal for the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the 
Index for purposes of the Warrants. 
“Cut-Off Date” means, in respect of a Determination Date, five Business Days prior to such Determination 
Date, unless otherwise stated in the Issue Terms. 
“Delayed Index Level Event” means, in respect of any Determination Date, that the Index Sponsor fails to 
publish or announce the level of the Index (the “Relevant Level”) in respect of any Reference Month which is 
relevant to the calculation of any payment or delivery under the Warrants and/or any other determination in 
respect of the Warrants, in each case by the related Cut-Off Date.

--- Page 144 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED WARRANTS 
 
144 
“Determination Date” means in respect of an Index and/or Index Level(s) or values(s) as the case may be, each 
date specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
“Fallback Bond” means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the country 
to whose level of inflation the Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated 
by reference to the Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the same day as the Settlement Date, (b) the 
next longest maturity after the Settlement Date if there is no such bond maturing on the Settlement Date, or (c) 
the next shortest maturity before the Settlement Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the 
Calculation Agent. If the Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the 
Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not 
any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount 
which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the 
Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue 
Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be 
selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds in its discretion. If the Fallback Bond redeems the 
Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in 
issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged). 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Warrants, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price 
risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Warrants, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that 
any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Index” means the index or indices specified in the Issue Terms or any Successor Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to Inflation Linked Condition 2 (Successor Index) and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
“Index Cancellation” means a level for the Index has not been published or announced for two consecutive 
months and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer 
continue to publish or announce the Index and no Successor Index exists. 
“Index Modification” means the Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Index or in any other way materially 
modifies the Index. 
“Index Sponsor” means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the 
relevant Index which as of the Issue Date of the Warrants is the Index Sponsor specified in the Issue Terms in 
relation to the relevant Index. 
“Rebased Index” has the meaning given to it under Inflation Linked Condition 3 (Adjustments) above. 
“Reference Month” means the calendar month for which the level of the Index was reported, regardless of when 
this information is published or announced. If the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is a period 
other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant Level was reported. 
“Related Bond” means the bond (if any) specified as such in the Issue Terms. If the Related Bond specified in 
the Issue Terms is “Fallback Bond”, then for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use 
the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the Issue Terms as the Related Bond and “Fallback Bond: Not 
applicable” is specified in the Issue Terms there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related 
Bond in the Issue Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the relevant Determination Date, unless

--- Page 145 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED WARRANTS 
 
145 
“Fallback Bond: Not applicable” is specified in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback 
Bond for any Related Bond determination. 
“Related Bond Redemption Event” means, if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, at any time prior to the 
Settlement Date, (a) the Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased or cancelled, (b) the Related Bond becomes 
repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason, or (c) the issuer of the Related Bond announces 
that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or cancelled prior to its stated date of maturity. 
“Relevant Level” has the meaning given to it in the definition of Delayed Index Level Event. 
“Strike Date” means each date specified as a Strike Date in the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with these Inflation Linked Conditions. 
“Strike Day” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. “Strike 
Period” means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms. “Successor 
Index” has the meaning given to it in under Inflation Linked Condition 2. 
“Substitute Inflation Index Level” has the meaning given in Inflation Linked Condition 1

--- Page 146 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) LINKED WARRANTS 
 
146 
                                                                    ANNEX 7 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE 
LINKED WARRANTS 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX)  
Rate Linked Warrants shall comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrants set out below (the “Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Warrant Conditions”), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified 
as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the General Conditions and the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions, the Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
 
1. 
Non-EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 apply, unless EM Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the Issue Terms. 
(a) Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Issue Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base 
Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be a “Disruption Event”: 
(i) Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) General Inconvertibility; 
(v) General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) Nationalisation or; 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i)-(vii) above 
(inclusive). 
(b) Consequences of a Disruption Event 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Averaging Date Settlement Price Date Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date 
would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant Price Source) as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply the applicable Disruption Fallback in determining the 
consequences of the Disruption Event. 
“Disruption Fallback” means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for determining 
the Settlement Price when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is an Averaging Date or a 
Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the Price Source). The Calculation Agent shall take the relevant actions 
specified in either (i) or (ii) below. 
(i) if an Averaging Date or a Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent will 
determine that the relevant Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (in the case of the Strike Date or 
Valuation Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging Date or Observation Date) unless each of 
the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the originally scheduled Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, 
as the case may be, is a Disrupted Day in which case the Calculation Agent may determine that the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date or Settlement Price 
Date, as the case may be (irrespective, in the case of an Averaging Date or Observation Date, of 
whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date or Observation 
Date, as the case may be) and may determine the Settlement Price by using commercially reasonable 
efforts to determine a Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive

--- Page 147 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) LINKED WARRANTS 
 
147 
Scheduled Trading Day taking into consideration all available information that in good faith it deems 
relevant; or 
(ii) if an Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Valuation Date on 
giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10, the Issuer shall cancel all 
but not some only of the Warrants, each Warrant being cancelled by payment of an amount equal to the 
fair market value of such Warrant, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. Payment shall be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with General Condition 10. 
 
2. 
EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition (b) apply where EM Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the Issue Terms. 
(a) EM Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Issue Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base 
Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be an “EM Disruption Event”: 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) Nationalisation; 
(viii) Price Materiality; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (viii) above 
(inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Warrant Agent and the Warrantholders in accordance 
with General Condition 10 (Notices) of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, an 
Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day 
or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
(b) Consequences of an EM Disruption Event 
Upon an EM Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may be (or, if different, the day 
on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant EM FX Price 
Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining the 
consequences of the EM Disruption Event: (a) EM Calculation Agent Determination where the applicable 
EM Disruption Event is other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the applicable EM 
Disruption Fallback where the applicable EM Disruption Event is a Price Source Disruption or Price 
Materiality. 
(c) Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a Settlement Price Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is an Unscheduled Holiday 
in respect of a Subject Currency, then such date shall be the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day after the occurrence of the Unscheduled Holiday, subject as provided above, and provided that if such 
Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as 
the case may be, has not occurred on or before the EM Maximum Days of

--- Page 148 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) LINKED WARRANTS 
 
148 
Postponement then the next Scheduled Trading Day after such period that would have been a Scheduled 
Trading Day but for the Unscheduled Holiday shall be deemed to be the relevant date for valuation and the 
Settlement Price shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on such day in its sole discretion acting in 
good faith having taken into account relevant market practice and by reference to such additional source(s) 
as it deems appropriate. 
(d) Cumulative Events 
If “Cumulative Events” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms in respect of a Specified Currency then, 
in no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar days during which a Settlement Price Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is deferred due to either (i) 
an Unscheduled Holiday or (ii) an EM Valuation Postponement (or a combination of both (i) and (ii)) 
exceed the EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement in the aggregate. If a Settlement Price Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, is 
postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement 
and at the end of such period (i) an Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day 
immediately following such period (the “Final Day”), then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the 
Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as 
the case may be, and (ii) if a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the Final Day, 
then Valuation Postponement shall not apply and the Settlement Price shall be determined in accordance 
with the next applicable EM Disruption Fallback. 
(e) Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Condition 2, then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any assets shall fall on the later 
of (a) the date for such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Issue Terms and 
(b) the day falling the EM Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified in the Issue Terms (or, if 
none are so specified, two Business Days) after the last occurring Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
 
3. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) This Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 3 is applicable only: 
(i) If “Knock-in Event” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
Warrant which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence 
of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) If “Knock-out Event” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under 
the Warrant which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out Event, shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Issue Terms is the 
Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time and if a Disruption Event or an EM Disruption 
Event would otherwise have occurred on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day, then, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
(c) If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Issue Terms is any time or 
period of time other than the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time during the regular 
trading hours for the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies and if on any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one-hour period that begins 
or ends at the time at which a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event would otherwise have occurred, a 
Disruption Event or an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists, then, unless otherwise specified in the Issue 
Terms, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred.

--- Page 149 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) LINKED WARRANTS 
 
149 
 
4. 
Automatic Early Expiration Event 
If “Automatic Early Expiration” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then unless previously exercised 
or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period, if on any or all Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date(s), as 
specified in the Issue Terms, an Automatic Early Expiration Event occurs, then the Warrants shall be cancelled in 
whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Expiration Settlement Date immediately following such 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date or Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period, as applicable, and 
the Issuer shall settle each Warrant at an amount in the relevant currency as specified in the Issue Terms equal to 
the relevant Automatic Early Expiration Amount. 
 
5. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may cancel the 
Warrants by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with General Condition 10 (Notices). If the 
Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will pay an amount to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant held by 
him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Warrant taking into account the Additional Disruption 
Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements 
plus, if already paid, the Exercise Price, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
General Condition 10 (Notices). 
 
6. 
Definitions 
“Additional Disruption Event” means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms) Change in Law, and 
(ii) any of Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the Issue Terms. 
“AEE Value” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1 
(General Definitions). 
“Automatic Early Expiration Amount” means an amount calculated as set out in the Issue Terms. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Settlement Date” means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms or if such 
date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Warrantholder shall be entitled to any further 
payment in respect of such delay. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Event” means the AEE Value is (A), 
(i) greater than; 
(ii) greater than or equal to; 
(iii) less than; or 
(iv) less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Expiration Trigger, (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the Automatic 
Early Expiration Range as specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Range” means the range of values, percentages, levels, prices or similar 
specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Trigger” means the price level, amount, percentage or value specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Warrant Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as 
applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day; or (b) where EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the 
Issue Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of 
an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant 
Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day

--- Page 150 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) LINKED WARRANTS 
 
150 
determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, 
then the Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date shall be delayed in accordance with the corresponding 
provisions of the definition of Valuation Date which shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such 
provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date. 
“Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period” means each period specified as such in the Issue Terms; 
“Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Time” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms. 
“Averaging Date” means the dates specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if any such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the 
relevant Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant Condition 1(b) shall apply; or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant Condition 2(c) above, 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this sub-
paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant 
Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
“Base Currency” means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
“Change in Law” means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (A) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or 
(B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing 
authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is unable to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Warrants or it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in 
respect of the Warrants. 
“Dual Exchange Rate” means that any of the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, splits 
into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
“Disrupted Day” means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Disruption Event or EM Disruption Event has occurred. 
“EM” means emerging markets.  
“EM Disruption Fallback” means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for determining 
the Settlement Price when an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is an Averaging Date, 
Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day (or, if different, the day 
on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the EM FX Price 
Source) being, in respect of a Subject Currency, any of EM Calculation Agent Determination, EM First Fallback 
Reference Price, EM Second Fallback Reference Price and EM Valuation Postponement, as so specified in the 
Issue Terms for such Subject Currency. Where more than one EM Disruption Fallback is so specified then such 
EM Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order in which they are specified in the Issue Terms until the 
Settlement Price can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that Specified Currency for such 
Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day. 
Where: 
“EM Calculation Agent Determination” means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price 
taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. 
“EM First Fallback Reference Price” means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price by 
reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for which purpose, references in the definition of 
Settlement Price to “EM FX Price Source”, “EM Valuation Time” and “EM Number of Settlement Days” shall 
be construed, respectively, to be to “First Fallback EM FX Price Source”, “First Fallback Valuation Time” and 
“First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days” (in each case, where such terms shall have the meanings given 
to them in the Issue Terms). 
“EM Second Fallback Reference Price” means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price 
by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, for which purpose, references in the

--- Page 151 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) LINKED WARRANTS 
 
151 
definition of Settlement Price to “EM FX Price Source”, “EM Valuation Time” and “EM Number of Settlement 
Days” shall be construed, respectively, to be to “Second Fallback EM FX Price Source”, “Second Fallback 
Valuation Time” and “Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days” (in each case, where such terms shall 
have the meanings given to them in the Issue Terms). 
“EM Valuation Postponement” means that the Settlement Price shall be determined on the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day unless the Calculation Agent determines that 
no such Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day has occurred on or before the day falling the EM 
Maximum Days of Postponement following the originally designated Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Knock-In 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may be. In such event, the Settlement Price 
shall be determined on the next Scheduled Trading Day after the EM Maximum Days of Postponement 
(notwithstanding the fact that day may be a Disrupted Day) in accordance with the next applicable EM 
Disruption Fallback. 
“EM FX Price Source” means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the price source(s) specified as such in the 
Issue Terms (or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
“EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement” means the number of days specified as such in the Issue 
Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
“EM Maximum Days of Postponement” means the number of days specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if 
no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
“EM Number of Settlement Days” means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the number of days on which 
commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have been open) for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in the or each Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the Issue Terms (each, an “EM Settlement 
Day”). Where no such number or zero is so specified, then such rate shall be for settlement on the same day. 
“EM Price Materiality Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if no such 
percentage is specified, 3 per cent. 
“EM Primary Rate” means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such Subject 
Currency in the Issue Terms. 
“EM Secondary Rate” means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such Subject 
Currency in the Issue Terms. 
“EM Valuation Time” means, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the time at which the EM FX Price 
Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated. 
“EMTA Template Terms” means the EMTA Template Terms for Non-Deliverable Currency Option Transactions 
for the relevant FX rate, as published by the Trade Association for the Emerging Markets (EMTA) and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date.  
“Exchange Rate Divergence” means: 
(i) if the FX rate specified in the Issue Terms is USD/ARS, that, in the reasonable opinion of not less than 5 
unaffiliated EMTA Members notified to EMTA (or its successor) by no later than 4 p.m., Buenos Aires time 
on the Valuation Date, the Price Source has failed, for a period of not less than three consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days (for any reason, including due to a split in the currency exchange rate or other event) to reflect 
the current prevailing Argentine Peso bid and offer rates for a standard size Argentine Peso/U.S. Dollar 
financial transaction for same-day settlement in the Buenos Aires marketplace on the Valuation Date; and 
(ii) if the FX rate specified in the Issue Terms is USD/BRL, that, in the reasonable and independent judgement, 
as notified to EMTA in accordance with the EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence Procedures, of not less 
than 7 unaffiliated EMTA members that are recognised market makers active in the BRL/U.S. Dollar 
foreign exchange market (no less than 4 of which shall be active participants in the onshore BRL/USD spot 
market), the Price Source (following a split of the exchange rates in Brazil or otherwise) no longer reflects 
the then-prevailing Brazilian Reais / U.S. Dollar spot rate for standard-size wholesale financial transactions 
involving the exchange of Brazilian Reais for U.S. Dollars delivered outside of Brazil, and 
if the FX rate specified in the Issue Terms is a rate other than USD/ARS or USD/BRL but, it is specified in the 
relevant EMTA Template Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Issue Date and in respect of

--- Page 152 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) LINKED WARRANTS 
 
152 
such FX rate, that Price Source Disruption shall include Exchange Rate Divergence, then Exchange Rate 
Divergence shall have the meaning given in the relevant EMTA Template Terms with respect to such FX rate. 
“General Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to convert a 
Subject Currency into the Base Currency in a Subject Currency Jurisdiction through customary legal channels. 
“General Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to deliver 
(A) the Base Currency from accounts inside a Subject Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside a Subject 
Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the Subject Currency between accounts inside a Subject Currency Jurisdiction or to 
a party that is a non-resident of a Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
“Governmental Authority” means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or (ii) any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank), in each 
case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
“Hedging Disruption” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Warrants,, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Illiquidity Disruption” means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base Currency, Subject 
Currency and/or Subject Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm 
quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations under 
the Warrants (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day (or, if different, the day on which rates for such Averaging 
Date Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would, in the 
ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant Price Source or EM FX Price Source ). 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Warrants, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Knock-in Barrier” means the FX Knock-in Barrier or the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as 
such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Condition 2 as the case may be. 
“Knock-in Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
“Knock-in Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-in Event” means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) greater than; 
(ii) greater than or equal to; 
(iii) less than; or 
(iv) less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or 
(y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period as specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 153 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) LINKED WARRANTS 
 
153 
“Knock-in Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-in Range” means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-EM Valuation and Disruption 
Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and 
Disruption Provisions). 
“Knock-in Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as 
such in the Issue Terms or in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the 
Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time. 
“Knock-in Value” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
(General Definitions). 
“Knock-out Barrier” means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Rate 
Linked Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2. 
“Knock-out Determination Day” means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-Out Determination Period. 
“Knock-out Determination Period” means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
“Knock-out Event” means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) greater than; 
(ii) greater than or equal to; 
(iii) less than; or 
(iv) less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range, (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or 
(y) in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period as specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Knock-out Level” means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Rate 
Linked Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2. 
“Knock-out Period Beginning Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Period Ending Date” means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Knock-out Range” means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-EM Valuation and Disruption 
Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and 
Disruption Provisions) 
“Knock-out Valuation Time” means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified 
as such in the Issue Terms or in the event that the Issue Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the 
Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time.

--- Page 154 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) LINKED WARRANTS 
 
154 
“Knock-out Value” has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
(General Definitions). 
“Material Change in Circumstance” means the occurrence of any event (other than those events specified as 
Disruption Events or, as the case may be, EM Disruption Events) in the Subject Currency Jurisdiction beyond the 
control of the parties to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Warrants which makes it impossible 
(A) for a party to fulfill its obligations under the hedging arrangement or (B) generally to fulfill obligations 
similar to such party’s obligations under that hedging arrangement. 
“Nationalisation” means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by any 
Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Warrants of all or 
substantially all of its assets in the Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
“Observation Date” means the dates specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if any such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the 
relevant Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is the Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant Condition 1(b) shall apply; or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant Condition 2(c) above, 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this sub-
paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant 
Condition 2(b) shall apply. “Price Materiality” means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
EM Primary Rate differs from any EM Secondary Rate by at least the EM Price Materiality Percentage or if there 
are insufficient responses on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day 
or Knock-Out Determination Day to any survey used to calculate any such rate, then the EM Price Materiality 
Percentage will be deemed to be met. 
“Price Source” means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or reporting the rate or 
rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Price Source Disruption” means, that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the FX rate 
is calculated and, where the FX rate is specified in the Issue Terms as: 
(i) USD/ARS; 
(ii) USD/BRL; or 
(iii) any other FX rate in respect of which the Calculation Agent determines that as of the Issue Date, the 
relevant EMTA Template Terms for such rate (if any) specifies that Price Source Disruption includes 
Exchange Rate Divergence, 
then Price Source Disruption shall include Exchange Rate Divergence. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the relevant page specified as such in the Issue Terms or any successor to such 
page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
“Scheduled Trading Day” means: 
(a) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as not applicable in respect of a Subject 
Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a Disruption Event 
would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market 
practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal financial centre of each of the Base Currency and 
the Subject Currency or Subject Currencies. In the case of euro, for these purposes, the principal financial 
centre shall be deemed to mean each of Frankfurt and Brussels; and 
(b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject 
Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event 
would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market 
practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction specified in 
the Issue Terms Provided That where the Subject Currency is BRL, then notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
the Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out

--- Page 155 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) LINKED WARRANTS 
 
155 
Determination Day falls on a date that, as the Trade Date, is not a scheduled day on which commercial 
banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have been open) for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in New York City (an “NYC Business Day”), then no adjustment to such date shall be made on 
account of the fact that such date is not an NYC Business Day. 
“Settlement Price” means, subject as referred to in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant Condition 1 
or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant Condition 2 above, as the case may be: 
(a) in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant relating to a basket of Subject Currencies and in 
respect of a Subject Currency: 
(i) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of such 
Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the spot rate of exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page 
at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) 
if Averaging is not specified in the Issue Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-In 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in the Issue 
Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base Currency 
(expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such Subject Currency for which one unit of the 
Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on 
behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates 
(expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation 
Time, as applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination 
Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may be, of two or more leading dealers (as selected 
by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent), 
multiplied by the relevant Weighting; or 
(ii) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of such 
Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the rate of exchange appearing on the EM FX Price Source at the 
EM Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on 
(a) if Averaging is not specified in the Issue Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in the Issue 
Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency per one unit of the Base 
Currency for settlement on the EM Number of Settlement Days, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; 
and 
(b) in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant relating to a single Subject Currency: 
(i) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of such 
Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, an amount equal to the spot rate of exchange appearing on the 
Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, 
as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the Issue Terms, the relevant Settlement Price 
Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in 
the Issue Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base Currency 
(expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base 
Currency can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, 
to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates (expressed as 
aforesaid) at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as 
applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or 
Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may be, of two or more leading dealers (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent); or 
(ii) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of such 
Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the rate of exchange appearing on the EM FX Price Source at the 
EM Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on 
(a) if Averaging is not specified in the Issue Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-In 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in the Final

--- Page 156 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) LINKED WARRANTS 
 
156 
Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency per one unit of the Base Currency for 
settlement on the EM Number of Settlement Days. 
“Settlement Price Date” means any Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day, 
Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date, Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date, as the case may be. 
“Specified Maximum Days of Disruption” means the number of days specified in the Issue Terms, or if not so 
specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
“Strike Date” means the Strike Date specified in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
(a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant 
Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Linked Warrant Condition 1(b) (Consequences of a Disruption Event) or, or (b) where EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the 
Issue Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of 
an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant 
Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Warrant Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
“Strike Day” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. “Strike 
Period” means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms. 
“Subject Currency” means the currency (ies) specified as such in the Issue Terms (together, “Subject 
Currencies”). 
“Subject Currency Jurisdiction” means each country for which the relevant Subject Currency is the lawful 
currency. 
“Unscheduled Holiday” means a day that is not a Scheduled Trading Day and the market was not aware of such 
fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) until a time 
later than 9:00 a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the Subject Currency two Scheduled Trading 
Days prior to the relevant scheduled Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or 
Knock-Out Determination Day. 
“Valid Date” means, in respect of an Averaging Date or an Observation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date or Observation Date or Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, 
respectively, does not occur. 
“Valuation Date” means Strike Date, Expiration Date, Actual Exercise Date, Potential Exercise Date(s), 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date and Specified Exercise Date or such other date, as the case may be, 
specified in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant Condition 1(b) shall apply; or 
(b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant 
Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject 
Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Warrant Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day 
determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant Condition 2(b) shall apply.of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Warrant Condition 2 shall apply. 
“Valuation Time” means, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the time at which the Price Source 
publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated. 
“Weighting”, means in relation to a Subject Currency, the weighting (if any) to be applied to it if, and as 
specified in the Issue Terms or if no such weighting is so specified then no such weighting shall apply.

--- Page 157 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
157 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms for Non-Exempt Warrants which will be completed for each Tranche of 
Warrants issued under the Programme.3 
 
 [Date] 
BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS, B.V. 
 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under 
Dutch law with its seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but its tax residency in Spain) 
 
(as "Issuer") 
 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 213800L2COK1WB5Q3Z55 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Number of Tranche][Title of Warrants] (the “Warrants”) under the €1,000,000,000 
 
Programme for the Issue of Warrants  
guaranteed by 
 
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain) 
 
(as "Guarantor") 
 
[The Warrants are not intended to be offered, distributed or otherwise made available to any investor classified as 
retail investor in the jurisdiction where the Warrants are intended to be offered or otherwise made available] 
 
[The Warrants are not intended to be offered, distributed or sold to any investor in the European Economic Area or 
the United Kingdom, and no person may offer, sell or otherwise make available any Warrants which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by these Final Terms to any investor in the 
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom.]4 
 
[These Warrants are not intended for, and are not to be offered to, the public in any jurisdiction of the European 
Economic Area or in the United Kingdom. Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Warrants may 
only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to [either of] [Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)] [or] [section 85 of 
the FSMA] or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to [either of] [Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation] [or] 
[Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)], in each case, in relation to such offer.] 5 
 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Warrants may only do so: 
 
(a) in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 6.3 of Part B below, provided such person is of 
a kind specified in that paragraph and that the offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph6; or 
 
(b) otherwise, in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to [either of] [Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)] [or] [section 85 of 
the FSMA] or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to [either of] [Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation] [or] 
[Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)], in each case, in relation to such offer.] 
 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Warrants in any 
other circumstances. 
                                                     
3  
Delete when completing the Final Terms. 
4 
Insert where the Warrants are going to be sold only outside the EEA and the UK. 
5  
Insert where no public offer (in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation) is intended in EEA or in the UK. 
6 
Insert where public offer (in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation) is intended in EEA .

--- Page 158 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
158 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO [EEA][ AND ][UK] RETAIL INVESTORS – [Consistent with the foregoing 
paragraph,]7 the Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to [any investor in [the European Economic Area (the “EEA”)][ or in ][the 
United Kingdom (the “UK”)], including for such purposes,]8 any retail investor in [the European Economic Area 
(“the EEA”)][the EEA][ or in ][the United Kingdom (the “UK”)][the UK]. Consequently no key information 
document required by [Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”)][ or ][[Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014, as amended]9 [the PRIIPs Regulation] as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”)] for offering or selling the 
Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in [the EEA][ or in ][the UK] has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in [the EEA][ or 
in ][the UK] may be unlawful under the [PRIIPS Regulation][ and ][UK PRIIPS Regulation]. For the purposes of 
this provision, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a “retail client” as defined in [point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]10 [ and ][point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
[Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”)][ and ][the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97][, in each case], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in[, respectively,][ point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II][ and ][ point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”)]; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation")][ and ][Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA].] 
[The Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA other than in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") and in each case in accordance with the additional requirements (if any) of 
the national competent authority in the Member State of EEA (the "Relevant State"). Pursuant to the PRIIPs 
Regulation, any Relevant State may require the ex-ante notification of the key information document (the "KID") to 
the competent authority for PRIIPs marketed in that Relevant State (a "Notification State"). The Warrants should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in any such Notification State unless all 
relevant requirements in such Notification State have been first complied with. Where the Notification State requires 
a KID to be provided in a particular language, to the extent that BBVA has not already prepared a KID in such 
language, the Warrants should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in any such 
Notification State unless a KID has been prepared by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. in the relevant 
language. Responsibility for compliance with any ex-ante notification and any ongoing regulatory obligation in 
respect of such KID in such Notification State shall lie solely with the person offering, selling or otherwise making 
the Warrants available in the Notification State. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.]11 
 
[[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE] [AND][UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE] TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the][each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) the [MIFID II and the UK MIFIR] target 
market for the Warrants is eligible counterparties as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][ 
and ][as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")][,][ and] professional clients[ as 
defined in MIFID II][ and ][as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA")][ and retail clients ][as defined in MIFID II][ and ][as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA [each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")] ; and [(ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Warrants are appropriate]]/ [ii] the following channels for distribution of the Warrants are appropriate: 
[investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non advised sales ][and pure execution services] [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
                                                     
7 
Insert where the Warrants are going to be sold only outside the EEA and outside the UK. 
8 
Include wording in brackets if Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to any investors in the EEA and/or in the UK i.e. where the Warrants are going 
to be sold only outside the EEA and/or outside the UK . 
9  
To be included if EU restriction not switched on. 
10  
To be included if TM legends switched off, as MiFID not then defined anywhere. 
11 
Insert as necessary, where the product is a PRIIP for sale in the EEA for which a KID will be prepared.

--- Page 159 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
159 
channels for distribution of the Warrants to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio 
management][,/ and][ non advised sales ][and pure execution services] [, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under [MiFID II][and][COBS], as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to [(a)] [MiFID IIis 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject 
to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable] [and] [(b)] [the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer‘s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]12. 
 
PART A- CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions of the Warrants 
(and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 July 
2021[and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus [for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Warrants described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Warrants is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [A summary of the Warrants is annexed to 
these Final Terms]13. The Base Prospectus [has][together with these Final Terms have] been published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin ( https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).] 
 
[Investors should note that if a supplement to or an updated version of the Base Prospectus is published at any time 
during the Offer Period (as defined below), such supplement or updated Base Prospectus as the case may be, will be 
published and made available in accordance with the arrangements applied to the original publication of these Final 
Terms. Any investors who have indicated acceptances of the Offer (as defined below) prior to the date of approval 
of such supplement or updated version of the Base Prospectus, as the case may be (the "Approval Date"), have the 
right within two working days of the Approval Date to withdraw their acceptances.]14 
 
[The Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or under any state securities laws, and the Warrants may not be offered, sold, transferred, 
pledged, delivered, exercised, directly or indirectly, at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, or by, any U.S. person. Furthermore, the Warrants do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, 
contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the U.S. Commodity Exchange 
Act, as amended (the “CEA”), and trading in the Warrants has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) pursuant to the CEA, and no U.S. person may at any time trade or maintain a 
position in the Warrants. For a description of the restrictions on offers and sales of the Warrants, see “Subscription 
and Sale” in the Base Prospectus 
 
As used herein, "U.S. person" includes any "U.S. person" or person that is not a "non-United States person" as 
either such term may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations adopted under the CEA.]15 
 
[The Warrants documented in these Final Terms may be considered structured products in Switzerland pursuant to 
Article 70 the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA"); they are not collective investment schemes 
within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 2006 ("CISA"). 
Accordingly, they are not subject to the supervision of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority, FINMA 
and potential investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the CISA. Investors bear 
the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor. [The Warrants documented in these Final Terms are not being 
offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -
                                                     
12 
Delete where Warrants are sold wholly outside EEA and UK. 
13 
Delete in case of an issuer of Warrants withna minimum issue price per Warrant equal to or greater than EUR 100,0000  
(or its quivalente in any other currency) 
14  
Include in respect of issues of Warrants for which the offer period spans a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the Base 
Prospectus. 
15  
Include for Restricted Warrants or Warrants that have been determined to be permanently prohibited from being offered, sold, resold, 
transferred, pledged or delivered in the United States or to a U.S. person.

--- Page 160 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
160 
kunden) ("Retail Clients") pursuant to Article 4 para. 2 FinSA. Neither these Final Terms nor any offering materials 
relating to the Warrants may be available to Retail Clients in or from Switzerland. The offering of the Warrants 
directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland is only made by way of private placement by addressing the 
Warrants solely at investors classified as professional clients (professionelle Kunden) or institutional clients 
(institutionelle Kunden) ("Professional or Institutional Clients") as defined in the FinSA. .]16 [[The Programme 
has been registered with a Swiss reviewing body (Prüfstelle) within the meaning of Article 52 FinSA (a "Swiss 
Reviewing Body") and the Warrants documented in these Final Terms may be offered, sold or advertised, directly 
or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) ("Retail Clients") pursuant 
to Article 4 para. 2 FinSA in a way that triggers a prospectus requirement under the FinSA. Such offer of the 
Warrants to Retail Clients may only be made after the registration of the Programme with a Swiss Reviewing Body 
according to the rules of the FinSA. The Programme and these Final Terms are available on [specify website] or may 
be requested as hard copies on request of the investor at [specify address]17]18]19  
 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing 
the Final Terms. Where the context so permits, Terms in these Final Terms may be attributed a numerical or letter 
suffix value when included hereon. Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted as "j", "k", "m", "q", "n", "t" or "i" 
and the term may be completed on the basis of the number or numbers represented by j, k, m, q, n, t or i, as chosen 
at the time of an issue of Warrants. When applicable and in order to improve the reading and intelligibility of the 
formula(e) in the Final Terms, the applicable suffixes may be included, completed and explained and may be 
presented as a table, if necessary, in the Final Terms. Where the Final Terms specify that a table may be inserted, 
such table will set out amounts, entities, dates, items, rates, value levels, triggers, figures and other information 
which completes the definitions that appear in the relevant subparagraphs of the Final Terms, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants and the applicable Annex(es) to the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants.20 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. (NIF: N0035575J) 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
Banco 
Bilbao 
Vizcaya 
Argentaria, 
S.A.  
(NIF: A48265169) 
(iii) 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch] [Banco Bilbao 
Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.] [specify][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Registrar: 
[Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A.] [Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A.] [specify][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Transfer Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A.] [Banco Bilbao 
VizcayaArgentaria, S.A.] [specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Banco 
Bilbao 
Vizcaya 
Argentaria,S.A.][Dealer][other][Address] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Aggregate Number of Warrants of the 
Series: 
[specify] 
                                                     
16  
Include where no offer intended to Retail Clients in or from Switzerland. Please note that it would also be possible to benefit from such a 
private placement exemption if (a) the offer is made to less than 500 Retail Clients, (b) if the issue price per Warrant is at least CHF 100'000, 
(c) if the Warrants may only be purchased by investors investing at least CHF 100'000 or (d) if the offer does not exceed the cap of CHF 
8'000'000 (over a 12 months period). In the event that the issuer would benefit from such other exemption, please adjust the wording 
accordingly. 
17  
Upon request, the Programme and the Final Terms should be made available as hard copies.  
18  
Include where offer is not exempted from the Swiss prospectus requirements under the FinSA.  
19  
Delete where no offer into Switzerland is intended. 
20  
Remove guidance notes in italics when preparing Final Terms.

--- Page 161 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
161 
(iv) 
Aggregate Number of Warrants of the 
Tranche 
[specify] 
(v) 
Date on which the Warrants will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Warrants will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with 
[identify 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[the 
Issue 
Date][exchange of the Temporary Global Warrant for 
interests in the Permanent Global Warrant, as referred to in 
paragraph 33 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not applicable] 
 
[(vi) 
Notional Amount per Warrant: 
[specify]] 
[(vii) 
Aggregate Notional Amount of the 
Series: 
[specify]] 
[(viii) 
Aggregate Notional Amount of the 
Tranche 
[specify]] 
3. 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Annex 1: Payout Conditions] 
 
[Annex 2: Index Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 3: Equity Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 4: ETF Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 5: Fund Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 6: Inflation Linked Conditions] 
[Annex 7: Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions] 
 
(More than one Annex may apply) 
4. 
Specified Currency: 
[specify] [(the “SER Subject Currency”) for the purpose 
of theIssue Price and calculations] [and payments][other 
than those to which the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions are specified to apply] shall be made in [specify] 
(the “Settlement Currency”)] 
[In respect of which payments to which the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions and the SER Intermediate 
Currency Requirements are specified to apply, the “SER 
Intermediate Currency” is [specify]] 
5. 
Issue Date: 
[specify] 
6. 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
7. 
Issue Price: 
[[specify] per Warrant] [being [specify] per cent. of the 
Notional Amount per Warrants] 
 
[converted into the Settlement Currency at the Initial SER 
being [specify amount] in respect of the Aggregate Number 
of Warrants where “Initial SER” means [specify]] 
8. 
 Minimum Transfer Number: 
[[specify] Warrants][Not applicable] 
9. 
Calculation Amount 
[[specify] per Warrant] [Not applicable] 
10. 
[Cash][Physical Delivery] Settlement Date: 
specify][the date falling [specify][Business Days][days] 
after [the Exercise Date][specify]] or if that is not a 
Business 
Day 
the 
immediately 
[succeeding][preceding]Business Day [unless it would

--- Page 162 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
162 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event it 
will be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day][the later of the Cash Settlement Date and the 
Physical Delivery Settlement Date, as the case may be][and 
subject to Automatic Early Expiration] [or, if applicable, 
such later date for payment determined under the 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Payout 
Condition 6] 
11. 
Type of Warrants: 
(a) The Warrants are [Index Linked Warrants][Equity 
Linked Warrants][ETF Linked Warrants][Fund Linked 
Warrants][Inflation 
Linked 
Warrants][FX 
Linked 
Warrants][Combination Warrants] 
 
(b) The Warrants are American][European][Bermudan] 
Style Warrants. 
12. 
Reference Item(s): 
See 
paragraph 
[specify] 
[Index][Basket 
of 
Indices][Share][Basket 
of 
Shares][Indice][Fund][Fund 
Basket][Subject 
Currency][Subject 
Currencies]  
(Repeat if necessary) 
13. 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable][in 
respect 
of][all 
payments][only those payments to which these Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions are specified to apply]] 
[(See paragraph[s] [specify] below)] 
If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
SER Intermediate Currency 
Requirements: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable[in 
respect 
of][all 
payments][payments of [interest][principal]only][only those 
payments to which these Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions 
and 
these 
SER 
Intermediate 
Currency 
Requirements are specified to apply]] 
(ii) 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
Second Settlement Exchange Rate means [specify] 
SER Intermediate Currency means [specify] 
(iii) 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [SER Scheduled Trading Days prior to the 
[scheduled] 
 
[specify each date]] 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply to different 
payment dates, specify in respect of each applicable 
payment date) 
(iv) 
Provisions applicable to determining the 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Exchange 
Rate in Payout Condition 6: 
SER Price Source: [in respect of the Settlement Exchange 
Rate:][specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
SER Valuation Time: [in respect of the Settlement 
Exchange Rate:] [specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
SER Scheduled Trading Day Centre(s) : [in respect of the 
Settlement Exchange Rate:] [specify] [as per Payout 
Condition 6.3] 
(v) 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption]

--- Page 163 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
163 
[Price Materiality, where: 
SER Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] per 
cent. 
SER Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined as 
set out in the definition of Settlement Exchange 
Rate] 
SER Secondary Rate: [specify][SER First Fallback 
Reference 
Price 
[and]][SER 
Second 
Fallback 
Reference Price]] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] [Dual Exchange Rate] [General 
Inconvertibility][General Non-Transferability] [Material 
Change in Circumstance] [Nationalisation] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.1] 
[Not applicable] 
(vi) 
SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities: 
 
[specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
(vii) 
SER Disruption Fallbacks (for Price 
Source Disruption and Price Materiality 
only): 
 
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the following 
order:  
[Valuation Postponement] 
SER 
Number 
of 
Postponements 
Settlement 
Days: 
[[Two][specify]][Business Days][SER Settlement Days] 
[specify]  
 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement: [specify]  
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
SER First Fallback Price Source: [specify]  
SER First Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
SER First Fallback Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]]  
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
SER Second Fallback Price Source: [specify] SER 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]]  
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
(specify fallbacks required and arrange order in which 
to be applied) 
[as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
(viii) 
SER Cumulative Events 
[Not applicable][Applicable and Maximum Cumulative 
Days of 
Postponement means [specify]] [as per Payout Condition 
6.1] 
(ix) 
SER Number of Settlement Days: 
 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [in respect of the Settlement Exchange 
Rate:] [specify] [and in respect of the Intermediate 
Exchange Rate [specify]]]

--- Page 164 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
164 
 
SER Number of Settlement Days: 
 
[as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
(x) 
SER 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
 
[As per Payout Condition 6.3] [Not applicable] [The 
following SER Additional Disruption Events apply to 
the Warrants:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(insert where Change in Law does not apply) 
14. 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not applicable][Applicable: Knock-in Value is [(i)][greater 
than][greater than or equal to][less than][less than or equal 
to] [the Knock-in [Barrier] [within][outside] the Knock-in 
Range] 
 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in respect of the 
Warrants is subject to a condition precedent that a Knock-
in Event has occurred. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.1] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Barrier 
[specify value or, percentage] 
(iii) 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, level, or prices] to and [including][excluding] 
[specify range of values, percentages, level, or prices] [Not 
applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period][Not applicable] 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission] [Postponement] [Modified 
Postponement] will apply. 
 
 
(v) 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-in 
Period Beginning 
Date 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled 
Trading Day Convention: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a Knock-
in Determination Day][Not applicable] 
15. 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out Value is 
[(i)] [greater than][greater than or equal to][less 
than][less than or equal to] the Knock-out [Barrier] 
[within[outside] 
the 
Knock-out 
Range] 
 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in respect of 
the Warrants is subject to a condition precedent that a 
Knock-out Event has occurred. If not applicable, delete

--- Page 165 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
165 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-out Value 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.1] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Barrier 
[specify value or percentage] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc.] to and [including] 
[excluding] [specify range of values, percentages, level, or 
prices etc.] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[[From and including][From and excluding][To and 
including][To but excluding][specify]] 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period][Not applicable] 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply. 
(v) 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Ending 
Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a Knock 
out Determination Day][Not applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EXERCISE 
 
16. 
Automatic Exercise: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(N.B. Automatic Exercise may only apply to Cash Settled 
Warrants and does not apply for warrants in definitive 
form) 
(N.B. Automatic Exercise will only take place if there would 
be a positive cash settlement amount payable to the holder 
on exercise) 
17. 
Potential Exercise Dates: 
[The potential exercise dates of the Warrants [is][are] set 
out below.][Not applicable] [See table in paragraph 25 
below]  
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Bermudan Style 
Warrants). 
18. 
Specified Exercise Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to European Style 
Warrants) 
19. 
Exercise Period: 
[The exercise period in respect of the Warrants [is set 
out below, [inclusive of the dates specified]][the period 
from and [including][excluding] [specify], up to and 
[including][excluding] [specify]][each an “Exercise 
Date”)] [Not applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to certain American Style

--- Page 166 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
166 
Warrants and Bermudan Style Warrants) 
20. 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[The minimum number of Warrants that may be 
exercised (including automatic exercise) on any day by 
any Warrantholder is [specify]] [and Warrants may 
only be exercised (including automatic exercise) in 
integral multiples of [specify] Warrants in excess 
thereof][Not applicable] 
21. 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[The maximum number of Warrants that may be 
exercised on any 
day by any Warrantholder or group of Warrantholders 
(whether or not acting in concert) is [specify ]][Not 
applicable]. 
(N.B. not applicable for European Style Warrants) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SETTLEMENT 
 
22. 
Settlement: 
[The Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and 
provisions of General Condition 3(d) apply][and/or] 
[The Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants and the 
provisions of General Condition 3(e) apply][as the 
circumstances may require] 
23. 
[Cash] Settlement Amount: 
[Calculation 
Amount* 
Final 
Payout] 
[specify 
percentage] [per Calculation Amount] 
24. 
Final Payout: 
(In respect of the following, extract, insert and 
complete required formula and definitions from the 
relevant Payout Condition as necessary) 
[Final Payout (i)—European Call]  
[Final Payout (ii)—European Put] 
[Final Payout (iii)—European Call Spread]  
[Final Payout (iv)—European Put Spread]  
[Final Payout (v)—Call Knock-in] 
[Final Payout (vi)—Put Knock-In]  
[Final Payout (vii)—Bonus Call]  
[Final Payout (viii)—Bonus Put] 
[Final Payout (ix)—Strike Podium n Conditions]  
[Final Payout (x)—Range] 
[Final Payout (xi)—Reverse Range]  
[Final Payout (xii)—Twin Win] 
[Final Payout (xiii)—Twin Win Spread]  
[Final Payout (xiv)]—Twin Win Bonus] 
[Final Payout (xv)—Bonus Flex] 
[Final Payout (xvi)—Twin Win Podium]  
[Final Payout (xvii)—Digital] 
[Final Payout (xviii)—Replace]  
[Final Payout (xix)—Himalaya]

--- Page 167 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
167 
[Final Payout (xx)] 
[Final Payout (xxi)—Strike Podium n Barriers] 
[Final Payout (xxii)—Knock-in] 
[Final Payout (xxiii)—Barrier and Knock-in Standard]  
[Final Payout (xxiv)—Booster] 
[Final Payout (xxv)—Booster with Cap]  
[Final Payout (xxvi)—Autocall] 
[Final Payout (xxvii)—Booster Autocall] 
[Option FX: applicable]  
(specify applicable for each formula where FX applies) 
25. 
Automatic Early Expiration: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(i) 
Automatic Early Expiration Event: 
 
[In respect of [any][all] Automatic Early Expiration 
Valuation Date[s] [from (i)=[specify] to (i)=[specify]] [for 
[each][the] [relevant][any][all] Automatic Early Expiration 
Valuation Period[s] [from ([i])=[specify] to ([i])=[specify]] 
[,the] AEE Value is: [greater than][greater than or equal 
to][less than][less than or equal to] the Automatic Early 
Expiration [Trigger][within][outside] the Automatic Early 
Expiration Range] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
AEE Value: 
([insert relevant value definition and where applicable 
relevant definitions from Payout Condition 5.1 and 5.2]) 
(iii) 
Automatic Early Expiration Amount: 
The Automatic Early Expiration Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
(If applicable specify one of the following)  
[Automatic Early Expiration Amount (i)]  
[Automatic Early Expiration Amount (ii)]  
[Automatic Early Expiration Amount (iii)] 
[Option FX: applicable] (specify applicable for each 
formula where FX applies) 
(iv) 
Automatic Early Expiration Trigger: 
[[specify] 
[per 
cent.]][Not 
applicable] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
(v) 
Automatic Early Expiration Range 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, levels, or prices] to and [including][excluding] 
[specify range of values, percentages, levels, or prices] [Not 
applicable] [See table [above][below] 
(vi) 
AEE Percentage: 
[[specify] 
[per 
cent.]][Not 
applicable] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] 
(vii) 
Automatic Early Expiration Settlement 
Date: 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Condition 6 of the Payout conditions]] [See table 
[above][below] [Insert table][The date falling [specify] 
Business Days following the Automatic Early Expiration 
Date in respect of which an Automatic Early Expiration 
Event has occurred]

--- Page 168 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
168 
(viii) 
[(i)] 
Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] Each [specify] [Scheduled Trading Day] falling 
within the [relevant] Automatic Early Expiration Valuation 
Period] [See table [above][below][Each Scheduled Trading 
Day from and including [specify] to and including the 
[specify]  
(ix) 
[(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation Period(s):] 
[[from (i)=[specify] to [specify] [Each][The] period from 
[and 
including][but 
excluding][specify], 
to 
[and 
including][but 
excluding][specify] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]]  
(x) 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation 
Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing][Any time [on the relevant 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date][during the 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period]. 
(xi) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Warrants.] [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above] [See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply] 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
will be equal 
to: [specify]] 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specific Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to five) 
26. 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(i) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria,S.A.][Dealer] 
[specify] of [specify address] 
(v) 
Assessed Value Payment Amount: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Exercise Price: 
[The Exercise Price(s) per Warrant (which may be subject 
toadjustment in accordance with the relevant Annex is] 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(N.B. This should take into account any relevant Weighting 
and, in the case of an Index Linked Warrants, must be 
expressed as a monetary value) 
(viii) 
Exercise Price Payment Date(s): 
 
[[specify] [and [specify]][Not applicable] 
PRODUCT SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
 
27. 
Index Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 169 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
169 
(i) 
[Index][Basket of Indices]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k) [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k]][specify])] will apply:] [not applicable] [See table 
below] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant, 
details of where investors can obtain information about the 
Index]](Repeat as necessary) 
[Composite][Non Composite] 
[Weighting: 
[Not 
applicable][[specify] 
[Each 
such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Index Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Exchange and Index Sponsor: 
(a) the relevant Exchange[s] [is][are] [specify][There are no 
relevant Exchange][specify]; and 
(b) the relevant Index Sponsor is [specify]]  
[See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify][All Exchanges] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify] [Nota applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
[Insert table] 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Warrants] [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify]] [See paragraph [specify] 
above] [See table [above][below] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply] 
(vii) 
[Valuation Date][Valuation Period]: 
[specify] [Not applicable] [See table [above] [below]] 
(viii) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] [Scheduled Closing Time] [Any time [on the 
relevant Valuation Date] [during the Observation Period.]] 
[[specify], being the time specified on the relevant 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, 
for the calculation of the Settlement Level] (If no time 
specified, the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing 
Time) 
(ix) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above] [below] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day][Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply.] 
(x) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All 
Indices 
Basis)] 
[(Per 
Index 
Basis)] 
[(Single Index Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(xi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All 
Indices 
Basis)][(Per 
Index 
Basis)] 
[(Single Index Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
(xii) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As set out in the Index Linked Conditions][specify]

--- Page 170 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
170 
(xiii) 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
[specify][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated to 
apply, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to five) 
(xiv) 
Index Adjustment Event: 
[As set out in the Index Linked Conditions][specify] 
(xv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Index Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Warrants: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow] [Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Changes in Law: Not applicable] 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation 
to 
each 
relevant 
Share] 
is 
[specify] 
(only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify] (only applicable 
if Increased Cost is Stock Borrow is applicable)][Not 
applicable]] 
28. 
Equity Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Share(s)][Basket of Shares] 
[Share Company] [Basket Company]: 
 
The following Reference Item(s) (k) [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above] [below]] [Insert table]] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description]] 
(Repeat as necessary)] 
[Weighting: 
[Not 
applicable][specify] 
[Each 
such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Equity Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
Exchange: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(vii) 
Depositary Receipt provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [For Reference Item 
K=[specify][and k=[specify] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
a) 
Details of share: 
[specify name and ISIN code of the share to which the 
relevant Depository Receipts relate]

--- Page 171 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
171 
b) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
c) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below] [Insert 
table] 
(ix) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Warrants] [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify]] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
DayOmission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply] 
(x) 
[Valuation Date] [Valuation Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] [or 
such later date as is provided in the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions set out in condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] 
(xi) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant Valuation Date][during the Observation Period.] 
[[specify], being the time specified on the relevant 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, 
for the calculation of the Settlement Price.] 
(N.B. if no time is specified, the Valuation Time will be the 
Scheduled Closing Time). 
(xii) 
[Observation Date(s)] [Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[In 
the 
event 
that 
an 
Observation 
Date 
is 
a 
DisruptedDate[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
(xiii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(AllSharesBasis)][(Per 
ShareBasis)] 
[(Single ShareBasis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(xiv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(AllSharesBasis)][(PerShareBasis)] 
[(SingleShareBasis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(xv) 
Share Correction Period: 
[As set out in Equity Linked Condition 8][specify] 
(xvi) 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[specify][scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(lf no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated to 
apply, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to five) 
(xvii) 
Market Disruption Event: 
[As set out in the Equity Linked Condition 8][Not 
applicable] 
(xviii) Extraordinary Events: 
[Not Applicable] 
[As per the Equity Linked Conditions] 
[Inaddition to De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, 
Tender Offer unless Tender Offer (specified below as not 
applicable) 
and 
Nationalisation, 
the 
following 
Extraordinary Events apply to the [Warrants]:  
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Listing Change] [Listing Suspension] [Illiquidity]

--- Page 172 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
172 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
(xix) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
 
[Not applicable][As per the Equity Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Warrants:]  
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Hedging 
Disruption] 
[Insolvency 
Filing]  
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased 
Cost 
of 
Stock 
Borrow]  
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
[Stop Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] [Change 
in Law: Not applicable] 
[Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity: Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants—Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is 
applicable to certain Share Linked Warrants.) 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify].(Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in relation 
to each relevant Share] is [specify].(Only applicable if 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
29. 
ETF Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
[ETF(s)][ETF Basket]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 
to[[k][specify])] 
will 
apply:] 
[Not 
applicable]  
[See table [above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph [specify])](Repeat as necessary) 
[Weighting: [Not Applicable] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the ETF Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
ETF Share Currency: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
ISIN of ETF Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Warrants]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a [Disrupted Day], 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will

--- Page 173 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
173 
apply] 
(ix) 
[Valuation 
Date][Valuation 
Period]: 
[specify] [Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] [or 
such later date as is provided in the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions set out in condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Valuation 
Date][during the Valuation Period]] [[specify], being the 
time 
specified 
on 
the 
relevant 
[Valuation 
Date] 
[Observation Date] or an Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, for the calculation of the 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time will be 
the close of trading on the Exchange) 
(xi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][ModifiedPostponement] 
will 
apply.] 
(xii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[[(All 
ETF 
Shares 
Basis)][[(Per 
ETF 
Shares 
Basis)]][(SingleETF Share Basis)]][(Cross Asset Basis)]] 
(xiii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[[(All ETF Share Basis)]][[(Per ETF Share Basis)]][(Single 
ETF Share Basis)]][(Cross Asset Basis)]] 
(xiv) 
ETF Share Correction Period 
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 3][specify] 
(xv) 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[specify][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable](lf no 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated to apply, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
five) 
(xvi) 
Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 2(b)] [specify] 
(xvii) 
Additional Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the ETF Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary ETF Events apply to 
the Warrants: 
(Specify each of the following which applies)  
[Hedging Disruption][Increased Cost of Hedging][Change 
in Law: Not applicable] [Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
 
30. 
Fund Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable[Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of

--- Page 174 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
174 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Fund(s)]/[Fund Basket(s)]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](Repeat as necessary) 
[The NAV per Fund Share will be published on [specify]] 
(The Fund must be a UCITS Fund or an investment fund 
authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland or the Competent 
Authority of another EU Member State deemed equivalent 
by Euronext Dublin) 
[Weighting: [[Not Applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the [Fund Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
[Fund Shares]: 
[specify][a unit of the relevant Fund] [See table 
[above][below]] 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Warrants]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Fund Non-
Valuation 
Date, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
(iv) 
[ObservationDate(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Fund-Non 
Valuation 
Date 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
(v) 
[Valuation Date][Valuation Period] 
[specify][Not applicable] [see table [above][below]] [or 
such later date as is provided in the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions set out in condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] 
(vi) 
Fund Business Day: 
[specify][(All Fund Share Basis)][(Per Fund Share 
Basis)][(Single Fund Share Basis)]] [As per the Fund 
Linked Conditions] 
(vii) 
Initial Calculation Dates: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
a) 
Initial Calculation Day: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
b) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
c) 
Initial Calculation Period: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(x) 
Extraordinary Fund Events: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 1] [specify] 
a) 
NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
b) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
c) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
d) 
Number of NAV  
Publication Days: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable]

--- Page 175 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
175 
e) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6]  
[Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Additional Extraordinary Fund Events: 
 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Fund 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Extraordinary 
Fund Events apply to the Warrants: 
(Specify each of the following which applies)  
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [Change in Law: Not 
applicable] 
(xii) 
Delayed Payment Cut-Off Date: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 3][specify] 
31. 
Inflation Linked Warrants: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices 
etc] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc] [Not applicable]  
(i) 
Index/Indices: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
(ii) 
Screen page/Exchange/ CODE: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per the Inflation Linked Conditions][specify] 
(v) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fallback Bond][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[As set out in Inflation Linked Condition [specify]] 
(viii) 
Reference Month 
[specify[Not applicable]] 
(ix) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable] 
(x) 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(xi) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Not applicable][As per the Inflation Linked 
Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Warrants: (Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
32. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] 
(ii) 
Subject Currency/Currencies: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: 
[insert]] [and 
EM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions apply to such 
Subject Currency] 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike 
Days 
in 
the 
period 
if 
applicable][See 
table 
[above][below][Insert table] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Warrants] 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify]] [See paragraph

--- Page 176 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
176 
[specify] above] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply] 
(v) 
[Valuation Date] [Valuation Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [or such later date as is 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
set out in condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(vi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table above] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
(vii) 
Provisions applicable where EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions do not 
apply to a Specified Currency: 
 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]][Not applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
a) 
Relevant Screen Page 
[specify][Not applicable] 
b) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Warrant Condition 6] 
d) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Not applicable] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where Non-
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different Disruption 
Events (or components thereof) also apply thereto). 
e) 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[specify] [Scheduled Trading Days] [Not applicable] 
(lf no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated to 
apply, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to five) 
(viii) 
Provisions applicable where EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a Basket]]][Not 
applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
a) 
Provisions applicable to 
determining the Settlement 
Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant Condition 
6 [and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where 
more than one Subject Currency]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify]

--- Page 177 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
177 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: [specify] 
b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] [Dual Exchange Rate] [General 
Inconvertibility][General 
Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] [Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] per cent. 
EM Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined asset 
out in the definition of Settlement Price] 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First Fallback 
Reference Price [and]][EM Second Fallback Reference 
Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Events (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
c) 
EM Disruption Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify]  
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]]  
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify]  
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]]  
[EM Valuation Postponement](Specify in respect of 
each Subject Currency where EM Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than one such 
Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply thereto) 
d) 
EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[specify] (Specify in respect of each Subject Currency 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to 
more than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
e) 
EM Cumulative Events: 
[Not applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum Cumulative 
Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply thereto) 
f) 
EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [specify]] 
g) 
EM Number of Postponement 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][EM Settlement Days]

--- Page 178 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
178 
Settlement Days: 
[specify] 
(ix) 
Additional Disruption Events 
[Not applicable] [As per the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked 
Conditions] [The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Warrants:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging] [Trade 
Date means [specify]] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(insert where Change in Law applies) 
33. 
Combination Warrants: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(Applicable in relation to Warrants linked to a combination 
of types of Reference Items) 
(If applicable, complete relevant prompts from Paragraphs 
[TBD] to [TBD] above) 
34. 
Payment Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE WARRANTS 
35. 
 Forms of Warrants: 
[Bearer Warrants][specify]: 
[Temporary Global Warrant exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Warrant which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Warrants on [specify] days’ notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Warrant.] 
[Temporary Global Warrant exchangeable for Definitive 
Warrants on [specify] days’ notice.] 
[Permanent Global Warrant exchangeable for Definitive 
Warrants on [specify] days’ notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Warrant.] 
[Registered Warrants: 
Global Warrant Certificate exchangeable for Individual 
Warrant Certificates on [specify] days’ notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances described in the Global Warrant 
Certificate.] 
36. 
Spanish Tax Treatment 
[The Warrant is considered to be an “option” for Spanish 
tax purposes and Condition 7(b) applies][[The Warrant is 
considered to be a “financial asset” for Spanish tax 
purposes and Condition 7(c) applies] 
37. 
(i) Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [give details] 
(ii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not applicable][specify] (Note that this paragraph relates 
to the place of payment. All relevant Financial Centre(s) 
(including the location at the relevant agent(s)) should be 
included other that Target). 
38. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute “packaged”

--- Page 179 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
179 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Warrants may constitute “packaged” products and no 
KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified)] 
39. 
Prohinition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If the Warrans clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Warrants do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be prepared 
in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Warrants may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
40. 
Sales outside EEA & UK only: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
 
[The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms and declare 
that the information contained in these Final Terms is, to the best of their knowledge, in accordance with the facts and 
contains no omission likely to affect its import. [Insert relevant third party information] has been extracted from 
[specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
 
 
By: _______________________________ 
By: _______________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 180 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
180 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Warrants to be listed on [the 
official 
list 
of] 
[[Euronext 
Dublin][Nasdaq 
First 
North][Sweden][Finland] [and] [admitted to trading on][the 
regulated market of] [Euronext Dublin] [Nasdaq First 
North] [Sweden][Finland] with effect from [the Issue Date] 
[specify]] [Not Applicable] 
(insert 
specific 
language 
required 
by 
Stock 
Exchange/Listing Authority) 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Warrants are already admitted to trading) 
2. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue][Offer] 
(Description of any interest, including conflicting interest that is material to the issue/offer, detailing the 
persons involved and the nature of the interest. This may be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement:) 
(i) 
Save for any fee paid to the Dealer (if applicable, such fee shall be as set out in paragraph 3 below) 
and/or any fee or other inducement paid to the distributor (if any), so far as the Issuer is aware no person 
involved in the offer of the Warrants has an interest material to the offer. For specific and detailed 
information on the nature and quantity of the fee or inducement paid to the distributor (if any) the investor 
should contact the distributor. 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
(ii) 
Dealer commission [specify]//[Not applicable] 
 
3. 
[Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses 
(i) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[specify] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
(ii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[specify] 
(Include breakdown of expenses into each principal 
intended “use”, presented in order of priority of such 
“uses”) 
4. 
[Performance of Index/Share/ETF/Fund/ Formula, Explanation of Effect on Value of Investment and 
Associated Risks and Other Information concerning the Underlying 
(Include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the shares, index/formula/ 
commodity/rates/exchange traded fund/fund/foreign exchange rate/other variable can be obtained by electronic 
means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge and a clear and comprehensive explanation of how 
the value of the investment is affected by the underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident. 
Where the underlying is an index need to include details of where the information about the index can be 
obtained)] 
(Where the underlying is a security need to include the name of the issuer of the security and the ISIN or 
equivalent identification number. Where the underlying is a basket of underlying, need to include the relevant 
weightings of each underlying in the basket. N.B. refer to the relevant sections in paragraph 28 or 29 in the

--- Page 181 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
181 
Final Terms where this information is disclosed) 
[For a description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events that affect the underlying and any 
adjustment rules in relation to events concerning the underlying (if applicable) please see Annex [specify] in the 
Issuer’s Base Prospectus]. 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and where it 
can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information] 
5. 
Operational Information 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
CUSIP: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Valoren Code 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(v) 
Other Code(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
a) 
[Valoren Code: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
b) 
[CFI:21 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
c) 
[FISN18 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V, Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme approved by 
the Issuer and the Principal Warrant 
Agent and the relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not applicable][give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against][free of] payment 
(viii) 
Additional Warrant Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable][give name] 
6. 
Distribution 
 
6.1 
Method of distribution: 
 
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated] 
(if non-syndicated delete paragraph 6.2 and 6.3)] 
6.2 
(i)If syndicated, names [and addresses] of 
Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments: ] 
[Not applicable][give names [and addresses] of each entity 
acting as underwriter [and its respective underwriting 
commitments]] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a “best efforts” 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
(ii) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[Not applicable][specify] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name [and 
address] of relevant Dealer: 
[Not applicable][give name [and address]] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[The Warrants are only for offer and sale outside the 
United States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons 
in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act and 
                                                     
21 Only to be included if required by the relevant stock exchange for reference data reporting purposes.

--- Page 182 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
182 
may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, delivered, 
exercised, directly or indirectly, at any time within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, or by, 
any U.S. person. Each initial purchaser of the Warrants and 
each subsequent purchaser or transferee of the Warrants 
shall be deemed to have agreed with the issuer or the seller 
of such Securities that (i) it will not at any time offer, sell, 
resell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Securities so 
purchased in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any U.S. person or to others for offer, sale, 
resale or delivery, directly or indirectly, in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any 
U.S. person and (ii) it is not purchasing any Securities for 
the account or benefit of any U.S. person.] 
Reg. S Compliance Category [2]; [TEFRA D][TEFRA 
C][TEFRA not applicable] 
6.3 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions:: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (if not applicable, delete the 
remaining placeholders of this paragraph 7.6 and also 
paragraph 8 below). 
 
[specify relevant Member State(s) where the Issuer intends 
tomake Non-exempt Offers (where the Base Prospectus 
lists the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, select from that 
list), which must therefore be jurisdictions where the Base 
Prospectus and any supplements have been passported (in 
addition to the jurisdiction where approved and published)] 
6.4 
Offer Period: 
[specify date] until [specify date or a formula such as “the 
Issue Date” or “the date which falls [specify] Business 
Days thereafter”] 
6.5 
Financial intermediaries granted specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the Conditions in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)] (N.B. Consider any 
local regulatory requirements necessary to be fulfilled so 
as to be able to make a non- exempt offer in relevant 
jurisdictions. No such offer should be made in any relevant 
jurisdiction until those requirements have been met. Non-
exempt offers may only be made into jurisdictions in which 
the Base Prospectus (and any supplement) has been 
notified / passported.) 
7. 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer22 
 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) [The 
Warrants will be offered to the public in each Public Offer Jurisdictions in accordance with the arrangements 
listed below.] 
7.1 
Offer Price: 
[Not applicable][See 8.11 below][give details] 
7.2 
[Conditions to which the offer is subject:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
[Offers of the Warrants are conditional on their issue 
and are subject to such conditions as are set out in the 
[Distribution Agreement], As between Dealers and 
their customers (including Authorised Offerors) or 
between Authorised Offerors and their customers 
offers of the Warrants are further subject to such 
conditions as may be agreed between them and/or as is 
specified in any arrangements in place between 
them] 
                                                     
22 Delete in respect of Warrants with an issue price per Warrant of at least €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency).

--- Page 183 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
183 
7.3 
Offer Period: 
[Not applicable][give details]] 
7.4 
[Description of the application process]: 
[Not applicable][give details]] 
7.5 
[Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of application]: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
7.6 
[Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants]: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
7.7 
[Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Warrants:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
(NB: Under normal circumstances, on the Issue Date, 
allocated Warrants will he made available to the 
Dealer(s)/Authorised Offerors in such account as may be 
held by them directly or indirectly at Euroclear or 
Clearstream. Luxembourg.) 
7.8 
[Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public:] 
[Not applicable][give details] (If applicable (i) specify dale 
on which the final size of the issue will be made public and 
(ii) insert specific details in respect of the method of 
publication (including, where relevant, details of any 
advertisements to be published).) 
7.9 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercise:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
7.10 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercise:] 
[Not applicable] [The Issuer had offered and will sell the 
Warrants to the Dealer(s) (and no one else) at the Issue 
Price of [specify] [less a total commission of [specify]]. 
The Dealer(s) and Authorised Offerors will offer and sell 
the Warrants to their customers in accordance with the 
arrangements in place between each such Dealer and its 
customers (including the Authorised Offers) or each such 
Authorised Offeror and its customers by reference to the 
Issue Price and the market conditions prevailing at the 
time] 
7.11 
[Process for notification to applications of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether 
dealing 
may 
begin 
before 
notification is made:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
[Prospective Warrantholders will be notified by the 
relevant Dealer(s) and Authorised Offeror in accordance 
with the arrangements in place between such Dealer(s) or 
Authorised Offeror and its customers. Any dealing in the 
Warrants, which take place will be at the risk of the 
prospective Warrantholders] 
7.12 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
 
7.13 
[Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place.] 
[The Authorised Offerors are identified in 9.5 above and 
identifiable from the Base Prospectus/[None]/[give 
details])]

--- Page 184 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
184 
8. 
[Benchmark Regulation 
[[Include if applicable: Amounts payable under the Warrants may be calculated by reference to [Specify 
benchmark]. [Specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name] [repeat as necessary]. [As at the 
date of these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not appear] [repeat as necessary] in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [Benchmark] [does]/[do] not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR, such that [Administrator] [is]/[are] not currently required to 
obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).] / [Not Applicable]23] 
9. 
[Index/Other Disclaimer24 
[The Warrants are not sponsored, recommended, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index or the Index 
Sponsor. The Index Sponsor does not make any representations, whether express or implied, regarding the 
results to be obtained from using their Index or the level at which an Index may stand at any particular time 
or any particular date or otherwise, nor its suitability. Further, the Index Sponsor will not have any liability 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) for any inaccuracy in the data on which the Index is based, for any 
mistakes, errors, or omissions in the calculation and/or dissemination of the Index, or for the manner in 
which it is applied in the Warrants or the offering thereof. The Issuer shall not have any liability for any act 
of failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation adjustment or maintenance of the 
Index. None of the Issuer or its affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor 
or any control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation 
Agent will obtain information concerning the Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it 
will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking 
(express or implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the Calculation 
Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning the Index.] 
(Insert unless the relevant Index has a bespoke disclaimer, in which case, substitute for such bespoke 
disclaimer) 
[[The Issuer is only offering to and selling to the Dealer(s) pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of 
the [Programme Agreement]. All sales to persons other than the Dealer(s) will be made by the Dealer(s) or 
persons to whom they sell, and/or otherwise make arrangements with, including the Financial Intermediaries. 
The Issuer shall not be liable for any offers, sales or purchase of Warrants by the Dealer(s) or Financial 
Intermediaries in accordance with the arrangements in place between any such Dealer or any such Financial 
Intermediary and its customers.] 
[[Each [of] the Dealer(s) has acknowledged and agreed, and any Financial Intermediary will be required by 
the Dealer(s) to acknowledge and agree, that for the purpose of offer(s) of the Warrants, the Issuer has 
passported the Base Prospectus in each of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions and will not passport the Base 
Prospectus into any other European Economic Area Member State; accordingly, the Warrants may only be 
publicly offered in Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions or offered to Qualified Investors (as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) in any other European Economic Area Member States and that all offers of Warrants 
by it will be made only in accordance with the selling restrictions set forth in the Prospectus and the 
provisions of these Final Terms and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.]25]. 
[Financial intermediaries seeking to rely on the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms to resell or place 
Warrants as permitted by article 3.2 of the 2010 PD Amending Directive must obtain prior written consent 
from the Issuer and the Guarantor; nothing herein is to be understood as a waiver of such requirement for 
prior written consent.]26 
                                                     
23  
If Benchmark Regulation is not applicable, delete this section 
24  
Delete this section 9 if not required 
25  
Delete unless for a public offer 
26  
Delete in respect of Warrants with an issue price per Warrant of at least €100,000  
(or equivalent in another currency)

--- Page 185 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
185 
 
[SUMMARY OF WARRANTS] 
[Insert completed summary for the Warrants, unless the issue price per warrant is equal to or greater than €100,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency)]

--- Page 186 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
186 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement for Exempt Warrants which will be completed for each Tranche of 
Warrants issued under the Programme.27 
 
 NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR THE 
ISSUE OF THE WARRANTS DESCRIBED BELOW 
 
[Date] 
BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS, B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under 
Dutch law with its seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but its tax residency in Spain) 
(as "Issuer") 
 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 213800L2COK1WB5Q3Z55 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Number of Tranche][Title of Warrants] (the “Warrants”) under the €1,000,000,000 
Programme for the Issue of Warrants  
guaranteed by 
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain) 
(as "Guarantor") 
 
[The Warrants are not intended to be offered, distributed or otherwise made available to any investor classified as 
retail investor in the jurisdiction where the Warrants are intended to be offered or otherwise made available.] 
 
[The Warrants are not intended to be offered, distributed or sold to any investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA") or the United Kingdom (the "UK"), and no person may offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Listing Particulars as completed by these 
Pricing Supplement to any investor in the EEA or in the UK.]28 
[These Warrants are not intended for, and are not to be offered to, the public in any jurisdiction of the European 
Economic Area or in the United Kingdom. Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Warrants may 
only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to [either of] [Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)] [or] [section 85 of 
the FSMA] or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to [either of] [Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation] [or] 
[Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)], in each case, in relation to such offer.]29 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO [EEA][ AND ][UK] RETAIL INVESTORS – [Consistent with the foregoing 
paragraph,]30 the Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to [any investor in [the European Economic Area (the “EEA”)][ or in ][the 
United Kingdom (the “UK”)], including for such purposes,]31 any retail investor in [the European Economic Area 
(“the EEA”)][the EEA][ or in ][the United Kingdom (the “UK”)][the UK]. Consequently no key information 
document required by [Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”)][ or ][[Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014, as amended]32 [the PRIIPs Regulation] as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”)] for offering or selling the 
Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in [the EEA][ or in ][the UK] has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in [the EEA][ or 
in ][the UK] may be unlawful under the [PRIIPS Regulation][ and ][UK PRIIPS Regulation]. For the purposes of 
                                                     
27  
Delete when completing the Pricing Supplement. 
28 
Insert where the Warrants are going to be sold only outside the EEA and the UK. 
29 
Insert where no public offer (in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation) is intended in EEA or in the UK. 
(NB: where Warrants are sold wholly outside EEA and UK delete this paragraph). 
30 
Insert where the Warrants are going to be sold only outside the EEA and outside the UK. 
31 
Include wording in brackets if Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to any investors in the EEA and/or in the UK i.e. where the Warrants are going 
to be sold only outside the EEA and/or outside the UK . 
32  
To be included if EU restriction not switched on.

--- Page 187 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
187 
this provision, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a “retail client” as defined in [point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]33 [ and ][point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
[Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”)][ and ][the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97][, in each case], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in[, respectively,][ point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II][ and ][ point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”)]; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation")][ and ][Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA].] 
 [The Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA other than in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") and in each case in accordance with the additional requirements (if any) of 
the national competent authority in the Member State of EEA (the "Relevant State"). Pursuant to the PRIIPs 
Regulation, any Relevant State may require the ex-ante notification of the key information document (the "KID") to 
the competent authority for PRIIPs marketed in that Relevant State (a "Notification State"). The Warrants should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in any such Notification State unless all 
relevant requirements in such Notification State have been first complied with. Where the Notification State requires 
a KID to be provided in a particular language, to the extent that BBVA has not already prepared a KID in such 
language, the Warrants should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in any such 
Notification State unless a KID has been prepared by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. in the relevant 
language. Responsibility for compliance with any ex-ante notification and any ongoing regulatory obligation in 
respect of such KID in such Notification State shall lie solely with the person offering, selling or otherwise making 
the Warrants available in the Notification State. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.]34 
[[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE] [AND][UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE] TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the][each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) the [MIFID II and the UK MIFIR] target 
market for the Warrants is eligible counterparties as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][ 
and ][as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")][,][ and] professional clients[ as 
defined in MIFID II][ and ][as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA")][ and retail clients ][as defined in MIFID II][ and ][as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA [each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")] ; and [(ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Warrants are appropriate]]/ [ii] the following channels for distribution of the Warrants are appropriate: 
[investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non advised sales ][and pure execution services] [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Warrants to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio 
management][,/ and][ non advised sales ][and pure execution services] [, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under [MiFID II][and][COBS], as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to [(a)] [MiFID IIis 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject 
to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable] [and] [(b)] [the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer‘s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]]35. 
PART A- CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions of the Warrants 
(and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated 1 July 
                                                     
33  
To be included if TM legends switched off, as MiFID not then defined anywhere. 
34 
Insert as necessary, where the product is a PRIIP for sale in the EEA for which a KID will be prepared. 
35 
Delete where Warrants are sold wholly outside EEA and UK.

--- Page 188 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
188 
2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] and [date]] which [together] constitute a Base Listing Particulars (the 
"Base Listing Particulars ").][This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Warrants and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the 
Warrants is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing 
Particulars. Copies of the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented] have been published on the website of the 
Guarantor (www.bbva.com) and the exchange where the Warrants are admitted to listing and trading.] 
  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions of the Warrants 
(and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated 
[original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Listing 
Particulars.]  
 
 [The Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or under any state securities laws, and the Warrants may not be offered, sold, transferred, 
pledged, delivered, exercised, directly or indirectly, at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, or by, any U.S. person. Furthermore, the Warrants do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, 
contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the U.S. Commodity Exchange 
Act, as amended (the “CEA”), and trading in the Warrants has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) pursuant to the CEA, and no U.S. person may at any time trade or maintain a 
position in the Warrants. For a description of the restrictions on offers and sales of the Warrants, see “Subscription 
and Sale” in the Base Prospectus 
 
As used herein, "U.S. person" includes any "U.S. person" or person that is not a "non-United States person" as 
either such term may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations adopted under the CEA.]36 
 
[The Warrants issued pursuant to this Pricing Supplement may be considered structured products in Switzerland 
pursuant to Article 70 the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA"); they are not collective 
investment schemes within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 
2006 ("CISA"). Accordingly, they are not subject to the supervision of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority, FINMA and potential investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the 
CISA. Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor. [The Warrants documented in this Pricing 
Supplement are not being offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland to retail 
clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) ("Retail Clients") pursuant to Article 4 para. 2 FinSA. Neither this Pricing 
Supplement nor any offering materials relating to the Warrants may be available to Retail Clients in or from 
Switzerland. The offering of the Warrants directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland is only made by way of 
private placement by addressing the Warrants solely at investors classified as professional clients (professionelle 
Kunden) or institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) ("Professional or Institutional Clients") as defined in the 
FinSA.]3738  
 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should remain as 
set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing 
the Pricing Supplement. Where the context so permits, Terms in this Pricing Supplement may be attributed a 
numerical or letter suffix value when included hereon. Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted as "j", "k", "m", 
"q", "n", "t" or "i" and the term may be completed on the basis of the number or numbers represented by j, k, m, q, 
n, t or i, as chosen at the time of an issue of Warrants. When applicable and in order to improve the reading and 
intelligibility of the formula(e) in the Pricing Supplement Terms, the applicable suffixes may be included, completed 
and explained and may be presented as a table, if necessary, in the Pricing Supplement. Where the Pricing 
Supplement specify that a table may be inserted, such table will set out amounts, entities, dates, items, rates, value 
levels, triggers, figures and other information which completes the definitions that appear in the relevant 
subparagraphs of the Pricing Supplement, the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants and the applicable Annex(es) 
                                                     
3136  
Include for Restricted Warrants or Warrants that have been determined to be permanently prohibited from being offered, sold, resold, 
transferred, pledged or delivered in the United States or to a U.S. person.  
3237  
Please note that it would also be possible to benefit from such a private placement exemption if (a) the offer is made to less than 500 Retail 
Clients, (b) if the issue price per Warrants is at least CHF 100'000, (c) if the Warrants may only be purchased by investors investing at least 
CHF 100'000 or (d) if the offer does not exceed the cap of CHF 8,000,000 (over a 12 months period). In the event that the issuer would 
benefit from such other exemption, please adjust the wording accordingly. For Exempt Warrants, it would not be possible to recognise the 
Programme under the rules of the FinSA and, therefore, such Warrants could not be offered in Switzerland in a way that triggers a prospectus 
requirement under the FinSA. 
3338  
Delete where no offer into Switzerland is intended.

--- Page 189 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
189 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Warrant39 
 
1. 
(i)           Issuer: 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. (NIF: N0035575J) 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (NIF: A48265169) 
(iii) 
Principal Warrant Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch] [Banco Bilbao 
Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.] [specify][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Registrar: 
[Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A.] [Banco Bilbao 
Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.] [specify][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Transfer Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A.] [Banco Bilbao 
Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.] [specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Banco 
Bilbao 
Vizcaya 
Argentaria, 
S.A.][Dealer][other][Address] 
2. 
(i)          Series Number: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[specify] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Warrants become fungible) 
(iii) 
Aggregate Number of Warrants  
of the Series: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
 Aggregate Number of Warrants of the 
Tranche: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Date on which the Warrants will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Warrants will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with 
[identify 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[the 
Issue 
Date][exchange of the Temporary Global Warrant for 
interests in the Permanent Global Warrant, as referred to in 
paragraph 33 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
[Notional Amount per Warrant: 
[specify]] 
(vii) 
Aggregate Notional Amount of the 
Series: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
Aggregate Notional Amount of the 
Tranche: 
[specify] 
3. 
Applicable Annex(es): 
Annex 1: Payout Conditions]  
[Annex 2: Index Linked Conditions]  
[Annex 3: Equity Linked Conditions] [Annex 4: ETF 
Linked Conditions]  
[Annex 5: Fund Linked Conditions] 
[Annex 6: Inflation Linked Conditions] 
[Annex 7: Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions]  
(More than one Annex may apply) 
4. 
Specified Currency: 
[specify] [(the “SER Subject Currency”) for the purpose 
of the Issue Price and calculations] [and payments][other 
                                                     
3439 
Remove guidance notes in italics when preparing Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 190 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
190 
than those to which the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions are specified to apply] shall be made in [specify] 
(the “Settlement Currency”)] 
[In respect of which payments to which the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions and the SER Intermediate 
Currency Requirements are specified to apply, the “SER 
Intermediate Currency” is [specify]] 
5. 
Issue Date: 
[specify] 
6. 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
7. 
Issue Price: 
[[specify] per Warrant] [being [specify] per cent. of the 
Notional Amount per Warrants] 
[converted into the Settlement Currency at the Initial SER 
being [specify amount] in respect of the Aggregate Number 
of Warrants where “Initial SER” means [specify]] 
8. 
Minimum Transfer Number: 
[[specify] Warrants][Not applicable] 
(If the Issuer Price per Warrant is less than €100.000 the 
Warrant must have a Minimum Transfer Number of 
Warrants with an aggregate Issue Price of €100.000 (or 
equivalent) in order to benefit from the wholesale 
exemption set out in Article 4(d) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in that Member State.) 
9. 
Calculation Amount 
[[specify] per Warrant] [Not applicable] 
10. 
[Cash][Physical Delivery] Settlement Date: 
[specify][the date falling [specify][Business Days][days] 
after [the Exercise Date][specify]] or if that is not a 
Business 
Day 
the 
immediately 
[succeeding][preceding]Business Day [unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event it 
will be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day][the later of the Cash Settlement Date and 
the Physical Delivery Settlement Date, as the case may 
be][and subject to Automatic Early Expiration] [or, if 
applicable, such later date for payment determined under 
the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Payout 
Condition 6] 
(Repeat as necessary where Cash Settlement and 
Physical Settlement both apply) 
11. 
Type of Warrants: 
(a) The Warrants are [Index Linked Warrants][Equity 
Linked 
Warrants][ETF 
Linked 
Warrants][Fund 
Linked 
Warrants][Inflation 
Linked 
Warrants][FX 
Linked 
Warrants][Combination Warrants] 
(b) The Warrants are American][European][Bermudan] 
Style Warrants. 
12. 
Reference Item(s): 
See 
paragraph 
[specify] 
[Index][Basket 
of 
Indices][Share][Basket of Shares][Indice][Fund][Fund 
Basket][Subject 
Currency][Subject 
Currencies] 
(Repeat if necessary) 
13. 
 Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable][in 
respect 
of][all 
payments][only those payments to which these 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified to

--- Page 191 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
191 
apply]] 
[(See paragraph[s] [specify] below)] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
SER 
Intermediate 
Currency 
Requirements: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable[in 
respect 
of][all 
payments][only those payments to which these 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions and these SER 
Intermediate Currency Requirements are specified to 
apply]] 
[Second Settlement Exchange Rate means [specify]] 
[SER Intermediate Currency means [specify]] 
(ii) 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
[specify rate] 
(if a rate is specified then delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph). 
(iii) 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [SER Scheduled Trading Days prior to the 
[scheduled] [specify each date]] 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply to 
different payment dates, specify in respect of each 
applicable payment date) 
(iv) 
Provisions applicable to determining the 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement 
Exchange Rate in Payout Condition 6: 
SER Price Source: [in respect of the Settlement 
Exchange Rate:][specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
SER Valuation Time: [in respect of the Settlement 
Exchange Rate:] [specify] [as per Payout Condition 
6.3]SER Scheduled Trading Day Centre(s) : [in respect 
of the Settlement Exchange Rate:] [specify] [as per 
Payout Condition 6.3] 
(v) 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
SER Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] per 
cent. 
SER Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined 
as set out in the definition of Settlement Exchange 
Rate] 
SER Secondary Rate: [specify][SER First Fallback 
Reference Price [and]][SER Second Fallback 
Reference Price]] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] [Dual Exchange Rate][General 
Inconvertibility][General 
Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] [Nationalisation] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.1] 
[Not applicable] 
(vi) 
SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities: 
[specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
 
(vii) 
SER Disruption Fallbacks (for Price 
Source Disruption and Price Materiality 
only): 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the following 
order:  
[Valuation Postponement]

--- Page 192 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
192 
SER 
Number 
of 
Postponements 
Settlement 
Days: 
[[Two][specify]][Business Days][SER Settlement Days] 
[specify]  
 
[SER Maximum Days of Postponement: [specify]  
 
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
SER First Fallback Price Source: [specify]  
SER First Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
SER First Fallback Number of Settlement Days:     
[specify]]  
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
SER Second Fallback Price Source: [specify] SER 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]]  
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
(specify fallbacks required and arrange order in which 
to be applied) 
[as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
(viii) 
SER Cumulative Events: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable 
and 
Maximum 
Cumulative Days of 
Postponement means [specify]] [as per Payout 
Condition 6.1] 
(ix) 
SER Number of Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement 
Day Centre(s) means [in respect of the Settlement 
Exchange Rate:] [specify] [and in respect of the 
Intermediate Exchange Rate [specify]]] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
(x) 
SER Additional Disruption Event: 
[As per Payout Condition 6.3] [Not applicable] [The 
following SER Additional Disruption Events apply to 
the Warrants:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(insert where Change in Law does not apply) 
14. 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not applicable][Applicable: Knock-in Value is 
[(i)][greater than][greater than or equal to][less 
than][less than or equal to] [the Knock-in [Barrier] 
[within][outside] the Knock-in Range] 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in respect of 
the Warrants is subject to a condition precedent that a 
Knock-in Event has occurred. If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-in Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.1] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Barrier 
[specify value or, percentage]

--- Page 193 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
193 
(iii) 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values,percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, level, or prices] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period][Not applicable] 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission] [Postponement] [Modified 
Postponement] will apply. 
(v) 
Knock-in Determination Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-in 
Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled 
Trading Day Convention: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a Knock-
in Determination Day][Not applicable] 
15. 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out Value is [(i)] 
[greater than][greater than or equal to][less than][less than 
or equal to] the Knock-out [Barrier] [within[outside] the 
Knock-out Range] 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in respect of the 
Warrants is subject to a condition precedent that a Knock-
out Event has occurred. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.1] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Barrier: 
[specify value or percentage] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of 
values,percentages, level, or prices etc.] to and [including] 
[excluding] [specify range of values, percentages, level, or 
prices etc.] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[[From and including][From and excluding][To and 
including][To but excluding][specify]] 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period][Not applicable] 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply. 
 
(v) 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not applicable]

--- Page 194 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
194 
(viii) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled 
Trading Day Convention: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled 
Closing 
Time] 
[Any time on a Knock out Determination Day][Not 
applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EXERCISE 
 
16. 
Automatic Exercise: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(N.B. Automatic Exercise may only apply to Cash Settled 
Warrants and does not apply for warrants in definitive 
form) 
(N.B. Automatic Exercise will only take place if there 
would be a positive cash settlement amount payable to the 
holder on exercise) 
17. 
Potential Exercise Dates: 
[The potential exercise dates of the Warrants [is][are] set 
out below.][Not applicable] [See table in paragraph 25 
below]  
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Bermudan Style 
Warrants). 
18. 
Specified Exercise Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to European Style 
Warrants) 
19. 
Exercise Period: 
[The exercise period in respect of the Warrants [is set out 
below, [inclusive of the dates specified]][the period from 
and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify], 
up 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify]][each 
an 
“Exercise 
Date”)] [Not applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to certain American Style 
Warrants and Bermudan Style Warrants) 
20. 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[The minimum number of Warrants that may be 
exercised(including automatic exercise) on any day by any 
Warrantholder is [specify]] [and Warrants may only be 
exercised (including automatic exercise) in integral 
multiples of [specify] Warrants in excess thereof][Not 
applicable] 
21. 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[The maximum number of Warrants that may be exercised 
on any day by any Warrantholder or group of 
Warrantholders (whether or not acting in concert) is 
[specify ]][Not applicable]. 
(N.B. not applicable for European Style Warrants) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SETTLEMENT 
 
22. 
Settlement: 
[The Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and provisions of 
General Condition 3(d) apply][and/or] [The Warrants are 
Physical Delivery Warrants and the provisions of General 
Condition 3(e) apply][as the circumstances may require] 
23. 
[Cash] Settlement Amount: 
[Calculation Amount* Final Payout] [specify percentage]

--- Page 195 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
195 
[per Calculation Amount] 
24. 
Final Payout: 
(In respect of the following, extract, insert and complete 
required formula and definitions from the relevant Payout 
Condition as necessary) 
[Final Payout (i)—European Call]  
[Final Payout (ii)—European Put] 
[Final Payout (iii)—European Call Spread]  
[Final Payout (iv)—European Put Spread]  
[Final Payout (v)—Call Knock-in] 
[Final Payout (vi)—Put Knock-In]  
[Final Payout (vii)—Bonus Call]  
[Final Payout (viii)—Bonus Put] 
[Final Payout (ix)—Strike Podium n Conditions]  
[Final Payout (x)—Range] 
[Final Payout (xi)—Reverse Range]  
[Final Payout (xii)—Twin Win] 
[Final Payout (xiii)—Twin Win Spread]  
[Final Payout (xiv)]—Twin Win Bonus]  
[Final Payout (xv)—Bonus Flex] 
[Final Payout (xvi)—Twin Win Podium]  
[Final Payout (xvii)—Digital] 
[Final Payout (xviii)—Replace]  
[Final Payout (xix)—Himalaya]  
[Final Payout (xx)] 
[Final Payout (xxi)—Strike Podium n Barriers]  
[Final Payout (xxii)—Knock-in] 
[Final Payout (xxiii)—Barrier and Knock-in Standard]  
[Final Payout (xxiv)—Booster] 
[Final Payout (xxv)—Booster with Cap]  
[Final Payout (xxvi)—Autocall] 
[Final Payout (xxvii)—Booster Autocall] 
[Final Payout (xxviii) – Call Knock-Out] 
[Final Payout (xxix – Put Knock-Out] 
[Option FX: applicable]  
(specify applicable for each formula where FX applies) 
25. 
Automatic Early Expiration: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(i) 
Automatic Early Expiration Event: 
[In respect of [any][all] Automatic Early Expiration 
Valuation Date[s] [from (i)=[specify] to (i)=[specify]] [for 
[each][the] [relevant][any][all] Automatic Early Expiration 
Valuation Period[s] [from ([i])=[specify] to ([i])=[specify]] 
[,the] AEE Value is: [greater than][greater than or equal

--- Page 196 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
196 
to][less than][less than or equal to] the Automatic Early 
Expiration [Trigger][within][outside] the Automatic Early 
Expiration Range] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
AEE Value: 
([insert relevant value definition and where applicable 
relevant definitions from Payout Condition 5.1 and 5.2]) 
(iii) 
Automatic Early Expiration Amount: 
The Automatic Early Expiration Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Amount (i)] [Automatic Early Expiration Amount (ii)] 
[Automatic Early Expiration Amount (iii)] 
(If applicable specify one of the following) 
 
(iv) 
Automatic Early Expiration Trigger: 
[Option FX: applicable] 
 (specify 
applicable 
for 
each 
formula 
where 
FX 
applies)[[specify] [per cent.]][Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
(v) 
Automatic Early Expiration Range 
[Automatic 
Early 
Expiration] 
From 
and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, 
levels, 
or 
prices] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, levels, or prices] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below] 
(vi) 
AEE Percentage: 
[[specify] 
[per 
cent.]][Not 
applicable] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] 
(vii) 
Automatic Early Expiration Settlement 
Date: 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Condition 6 of the Payout conditions]] [See table 
[above][below] [Insert table][The date falling [specify] 
Business Days following the Automatic Early Expiration 
Date in respect of which an Automatic Early Expiration 
Event has occurred] 
 
(viii) 
[(i)] 
Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] Each [specify] [Scheduled Trading Day] falling 
within the [relevant] Automatic Early Expiration Valuation 
Period] [See table [above][below][Each Scheduled Trading 
Day from and including [specify] to and including the 
[specify] 
 
(ix) 
[(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation Period(s):] 
[[from (i)=[specify] to [specify] [Each][The] period from 
[and 
including][but 
excluding][specify], 
to 
[and 
including][but 
excluding][specify] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] 
(x) 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation 
Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing][Any time [on the relevant 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date][during the 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period]. 
(xi) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Warrants.] [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above] [See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply][Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be

--- Page 197 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
197 
equal to: [specify]] 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specific Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to five) 
 
26. 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Entitlement Amount: 
[The Entitlement Amount per Calculation Amount] as 
specified below.] 
(Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
definitions from Payout Conditions) 
[Entitlement Amount (i)] [Entitlement Amount (ii)] 
(ii) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[specify] 
(v) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.][Dealer][specify] 
of [specify address] 
(vi) 
Assessed Value Payment Amount: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Exercise Price: 
[The Exercise Price(s) per Warrant (which may be subject 
toadjustment in accordance with the relevant Annex is] 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(N.B. This should take into account any relevant Weighting 
and, in the case of an Index Linked Warrants, must be 
expressed as a monetary value) 
(ix) 
Exercise Price Payment Date(s): 
[[specify] [and [specify]][Not applicable] 
 
PRODUCT SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
 
27. 
Index Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Index][Basket of Indices]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k) [(from [k] = 1 
to[[k]][specify])] will apply:] [not applicable] [See table 
below] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant, 
details of where investors can obtain information about the 
Index]](Repeat as necessary) 
[Composite][Non Composite] 
[Weighting: 
[Not 
applicable][[specify] 
[Each 
such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Index Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Exchange and Index Sponsor: 
(a) the relevant Exchange[s] [is][are] [specify][There are no 
relevant Exchange][specify]; and 
(b) the relevant Index Sponsor is [specify]]  
[See table [above][below]]

--- Page 198 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
198 
(iii) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify][All Exchanges] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify] [Nota applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
[Insert table] 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Warrants] [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify]] [See paragraph [specify] 
above] [See table [above][below] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply] 
(vii) 
[Valuation Date][Valuation Period]: 
[specify] [Not applicable] [See table [above] [below]] 
(viii) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] [Scheduled Closing Time] [Any time [on the 
relevant Valuation Date] [during the Observation Period.]] 
[[specify], being the time specified on the relevant 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, 
for the calculation of the Settlement Level] (If no time 
specified, the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled 
Closing Time) 
(ix) 
[ObservationDate(s)][ObservationPeriod]
:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above] [below] 
[In 
the 
event 
that 
an 
Observation 
Date 
is 
a 
DisruptedDay][Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
(x) 
Exchange Business Day 
[(AllIndicesBasis)][(PerIndexBasis)] 
[(SingleIndexBasis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(xi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(AllIndicesBasis)][(PerIndexBasis)] 
[(Single IndexBasis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
(xii) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As set out in the Index Linked Conditions][specify] 
(xiii) 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[specify][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(If no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated 
to apply, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to five) 
(xiv) 
Index Adjustment Event: 
[As set out in the Index Linked Conditions][specify] 
(xv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Index 
Linked 
Conditions][Thefollowing 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events apply to the Warrants: (Specify each of the 
following which applies) 
[Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] [Loss of Stock 
Borrow][Changes in Law: Not applicable] 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant Share] is [specify](only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify] (only

--- Page 199 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
199 
applicable if Increased Cost is Stock Borrow is 
applicable)][Not applicable]] 
28. 
Equity Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Share(s)][Basket 
of 
Shares][Share 
Company] [Basket Company]: 
The following Reference Item(s) (k) [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above] [below]] [Insert table]] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description]](Repeat 
as 
necessary)] 
[Weighting: [Not applicable][specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Equity Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
Exchange: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify] [All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Depositary Receipt provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [For Reference Item 
K=[specify][and k=[specify] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
a) 
Details of share: 
[specify name and ISIN code of the share to which the 
relevantDepository Receipts relate] 
b) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
c) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike 
Days 
in 
the 
period 
if 
applicable][See 
table 
[above][below] [Insert table] 
(ix) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Warrants] 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify]] [See paragraph 
[specify] above][See table [above][below] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
DayOmission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
(x) 
[Valuation Date] [Valuation Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] [or 
such later date as is provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in condition 6 of 
the Payout Conditions 
(xi) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevantValuation 
Date][during 
the 
Observation 
Period.] [[specify], being the time specified on the 
relevant Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, for the calculation of the Settlement 
Price.] (N.B. if no time is specified, the Valuation Time 
will be the Scheduled Closing Time).

--- Page 200 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
200 
(xii) 
[Observation 
Date(s)] 
[Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Date[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
(xiii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(AllSharesBasis)][(PerShareBasis)] 
[(Single ShareBasis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(xiv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(AllSharesBasis)][(PerShareBasis)] 
[(Single ShareBasis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(xv) 
Share Correction Period: 
[As set out in Equity Linked Condition 8][specify] 
(xvi) 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[specify][scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(lf no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated to apply, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
will be equal to five) 
(xvii) 
Market Disruption Event: 
[As set out in the Equity Linked Condition 8][Not 
applicable] 
(xviii) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[Not 
Applicable][As 
per 
the 
Equity 
Linked 
Conditions][Inaddition to De-Listing, Insolvency, 
Merger Event, Tender Offer unless Tender Offer 
(specified below as not applicable) and Nationalisation, 
the following Extraordinary Events apply to the 
[Warrants]: (Specify each of the following which 
applies) 
[Listing Change] [Listing Suspension] [Illiquidity] 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
(xix) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Equity 
Linked 
Conditions][Thefollowing 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events apply to the Warrants:] (Specify each of the 
following which applies) 
[Hedging Disruption] [Insolvency Filing] [Increased 
Cost of Hedging][Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
[Stop Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity: Not applicable] 
(Only applicable in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants—Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is 
applicable to certain Share Linked Warrants.) 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant Share] is [specify].(Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify].(Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)

--- Page 201 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
201 
29. 
ETF Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable[Not applicable](If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[ETF(s)][ETF Basket]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For[k]=1][specify][insert 
description] 
[(see paragraph [specify])](Repeat as necessary) 
[Weighting: [Not Applicable] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the ETF Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
ETF Share Currency: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
ISIN of ETF Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Screen Page 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Warrants]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a [Disrupted Day], 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
 
(ix) 
[Valuation 
Date][Valuation 
Period]: 
[specify] [Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] [or 
such later date as is provided in the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions set out in condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] 
 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Valuation Date][during the Valuation Period]] [[specify], 
being the time specified on the relevant [Valuation Date] 
[Observation Date] or an Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, for the calculation of the 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time will be 
the close of trading on the Exchange) 
 
(xi) 
[ObservationDate(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(xii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[[(All 
ETF 
Shares 
Basis)][[(Per 
ETF 
Shares 
Basis)]][(SingleETF Share Basis)]][(Cross Asset Basis)]]

--- Page 202 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
202 
(xiii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[[(All ETF Share Basis)]][[(Per ETF Share Basis)]][(Single 
ETF Share Basis)]][(Cross Asset Basis)]] 
(xiv) 
ETF Share Correction Period: 
[specify][As set out in ETF Linked Condition 3] 
(xv) 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[specify][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable]  
(lf no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated to 
apply, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to five) 
 
(xvi) 
Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 2(b)] [specify] 
(xvii) 
Additional Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the ETF Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary ETF Events apply to 
the Warrants: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies)  
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] [Change in Law: Not 
applicable] [Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] [Insolvency 
Filing] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] 
  
(Only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
 
30. 
Fund Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable[Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Fund(s)]/[Fund Basket(s)]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](Repeat as necessary)[The NAV per Fund Share 
will be published on [specify]] (The Fund must be a UCITS 
Fund or an investment fund authorised by the Central Bank 
of Ireland or the Competent Authority of another EU 
Member State deemed equivalent by Euronext Dublin) 
 
[Weighting: [[Not Applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [Fund Linked Conditions]]

--- Page 203 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
203 
(ii) 
[Fund Shares]: 
[specify][a unit of the relevant Fund] [See table 
[above][below]] 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Warrants]. 
[The 
Averaging 
Dates 
are 
[specify].] 
[Seeparagraph[specify]above][Seetable [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Fund 
NonValuationDate,Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
(iv) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
Date,[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] 
will apply] 
(v) 
[Valuation Date][Valuation Period] 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Fund-Non 
Valuation 
Date 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
[specify][Not applicable] [see table [above][below]] [or 
such later date as is provided in the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions set out in condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] 
(vi) 
Fund Business Day: 
[specify][(All Fund Share Basis)][(Per Fund Share 
Basis)][(SingleFund Share Basis)]] [As per the Fund 
Linked Conditions] 
(vii) 
Initial Calculation Dates: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
a) 
Initial Calculation Day: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
b) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
c) 
Initial Calculation Period: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(x) 
Extraordinary Fund Events: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 1] [specify] 
(a) NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(c) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(d) 
Number of NAV Publication Days: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(e) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable]

--- Page 204 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
204 
(xi) 
Additional Extraordinary Fund Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Fund Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary Fund Events apply to 
the Warrants: 
(xii) 
Delayed Payment Cut-Off Date: 
(Specify each of the following which applies)  
[Hedging Disruption][Increased Cost of Hedging] [Change 
in Law: Not applicable][As set out in Fund Linked 
Condition 3][specify] 
31. 
Inflation Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(lf not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index/Indices: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
(ii) 
Screen page/Exchange/ CODE: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per the Inflation Linked Conditions][specify] 
(v) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fallback Bond][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[As set out in Inflation Linked Condition [specify]] 
(viii) 
Reference Month 
[specify[Not applicable]] 
(ix) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] 
(x) 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(xi) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Inflation 
Linked 
Conditions][Thefollowing Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Warrants: (Specify each of the following 
which applies) 
[Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
32. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] 
(ii) 
Subject Currency/Currencies: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] 
[andEM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions apply to such 
Subject Currency]

--- Page 205 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
205 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below][Insert 
table] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Warrants] [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify]] [See paragraph [specify] 
above] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
DayOmission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply] 
(v) 
[Valuation Date] [Valuation Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [or such later date as is provided 
in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in 
condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(vi) 
[ObservationDate(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table above] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply.] 
(vii) 
Provisions applicable where EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions do not 
apply to a Specified Currency 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a Basket]][Not 
applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Relevant Screen Page 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
[specify] [Scheduled Trading Days] [Not applicable] 
(lf no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated to 
apply, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to five) 
(b) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Warrant Condition 6] 
(d) 
Disruption Events 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Not applicable] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
Non-EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions 
apply to more than one such Subject Currency and 
different Disruption Events (or components thereof) 
also apply thereto) 
(e) 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[specify] [Scheduled Trading Days] [Not applicable] 
(lf no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated to 
apply, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal

--- Page 206 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
206 
to five) 
(viii) 
Provisions applicable where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to 
which these 
provisions 
apply 
where 
there 
is 
a 
Basket]]][Not applicable] 
(a) Provisions applicable to determining the 
Settlement Price: 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Warrant Condition 6 
[and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where more 
than one Subject Currency]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] EM Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: [specify] 
 
(b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] [Dual Exchange Rate] [General 
Inconvertibility] 
[General 
Non-Transferability] 
[Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstance] [Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where:EM Price Materiality Percentage: 
[specify][3] per cent.EM Primary Rate: [specify][The rate 
determined as set out in the definition of Settlement Price] 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First Fallback 
Reference Price [and]][EM Second Fallback Reference 
Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Events (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(c) 
EM Disruption Fallbacks: 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: 
[specify] First Fallback EM Valuation 
Time: [specify]First Fallback EM 
Number 
of 
Settlement 
Days: 
[specify]]  
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
Second Fallback EM FX Price 
Source: [specify] Second Fallback 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination]

--- Page 207 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
207 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also 
apply thereto) 
(d) 
EM Maximum Days of Postponement: 
[specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(e) 
EM Cumulative Events: 
[Not applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(f) 
EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g) 
EM Number of Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][EM Settlement Days] 
[specify] 
(ix) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable] [As per the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Conditions] [The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Warrants:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging] [Trade 
Date means [specify]] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(insert where Change in Law does not apply) 
33. 
Combination Warrants: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(Applicable in relation to Warrants linked to a combination 
of types of Reference Items) 
(If applicable, complete relevant prompts from Paragraphs 
[TBD] to [TBD] above) 
34. 
Payment Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE WARRANTS 
35. 
Forms of Warrants: 
[Bearer Warrants][specify]: 
[Temporary Global Warrant exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Warrant which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Warrants on [specify] days’ notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Warrant.] 
[Temporary Global Warrant exchangeable for Definitive

--- Page 208 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
208 
Warrants on [specify] days’ notice.] 
[Permanent Global Warrant exchangeable for Definitive 
Warrants on [specify] days’ notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Warrant.] 
[Registered Warrants: 
Global Warrant Certificate exchangeable for Individual 
Warrant Certificates on [specify] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances described in the Global 
Warrant Certificate.] 
36. 
Spanish Tax Treatment 
[The Warrant is considered to be an “option” for Spanish 
taxpurposes and Condition 7(b) applies][[The Warrant is 
considered to be a “financial asset” for Spanish tax 
purposes and Condition 7(c) applies] 
37. 
(i) Financial Centre(s): 
(ii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [give details] 
[Not applicable][specify] (Note that this paragraph relates 
to the place of payment. All relevant Financial Centre(s) 
(including the location at the relevant agent(s)) should be 
included other that Target). 
38. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Warrants may constitute “packaged” products and no 
KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified)] 
 
39. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Warrants do constitute “packaged” products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Warrants 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products 
and 
no 
key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
40. 
Sales outside EEA & UK only: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
41. 
[Additional Selling Restrictions]40 
[The Warrants are not intended to be offered, distributed or 
otherwise made available to any investor classified as retail 
investor in the jurisdiction where the Warrants are intended 
to be offered or otherwise made available][give details] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
 
By:  
______________________________ 
By:  
______________________________ 
                                                     
40 Delete if there a no Additional Selling Restrictions

--- Page 209 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
209 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 210 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
210 
PART B—OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to trading 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Not applicable] 
[Application has been made for the Warrants to be 
admitted to trading on the [Vienna MTF of the Vienna 
Stock 
Exchange][] 
[Nasdaq 
FirstNorth][Sweden][Finland][specify][and][admitted 
to trading on][Nasdaq First North][Finland][Sweden] 
[specify]] [Not Applicable] [specify other] [which is 
not a regulated market][with effect from [specify]] 
(insert 
specific 
language 
required 
by 
Stock 
Exchange/Listing Authority) 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Warrants are already admitted to trading) 
 
2. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
(Description of any interest, including conflicting interest that is material to the issue/offer, detailing the 
persons involved and the nature of the interest. This may be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement:) 
(i) 
Save for any fee paid to the Dealer (if applicable, such fee shall as be set out in below) [and/or any 
fee or other inducement paid to the distributor (if any), so far as the Issuer is aware no person involved in the 
offer of the Warrants has an interest material to the offer. For specific and detailed information on the nature 
and quantity of the fee or inducement paid to the distributor (if any) the investor should contact the 
distributor.] 
(ii) 
Dealer commission [specify]//[Not applicable] 
 
3. 
[Estimated Net Proceeds  
 
[Estimated net proceeds: 
[specify] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
4. 
Operational Information 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
CUSIP: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Valoren Code 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(v) 
Other Code(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(c) 
[Valoren Code: 
[specify] [Not applicable]  
(d) 
[CFI:41 
[specify][Not applicable] 
                                                     
41  
Only to be included if required by the relevant stock exchange for reference data reporting purposes.

--- Page 211 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
211 
(e) 
[FISN: 42 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V, Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme approved by the 
Issuer and the Principal Warrant Agent and 
the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not applicable][give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against][free of] payment 
(viii) 
Additional Warrant Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable][give name] 
 
 
5. 
Distribution 
 
5.1 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated] 
 
 
(if non-syndicated delete paragraph 5.2 and 5.3)] 
5.2 
If syndicated, names [and addresses] of Managers 
[and underwriting commitments: ] 
[Not applicable][give names [and addresses] of each 
entity acting as underwriter [and its respective 
underwriting commitments]] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a “best 
efforts” basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
5.3 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[Not applicable][specify] 
5.4 
If non-syndicated, name [and address] of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not applicable][give name [and address]U.S. Selling 
Restrictions: 
[The Warrants are only for offer and 
sale outside the United 
States in offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act and 
may not be offered, sold, transferred, pledged, 
delivered, exercised, directly or indirectly, at any time 
within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, or by, any U.S. person. 
Each initial purchaser of the Warrants and each 
subsequent purchaser or transferee of the Warrants 
shall be deemed to have agreed with the issuer or the 
seller of such Securities that (i) it will not at any time 
offer, sell, resell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such 
Securities so purchased in the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person or to 
others for offer, sale, resale or delivery, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, any 
U.S. person and (ii) it is not purchasing any Securities 
for the account or benefit of any U.S. person.]Reg. S 
Compliance 
Category 
[2]; 
[TEFRA 
D][TEFRA 
C][TEFRA not applicable] 
 
 
                                                     
42  
Only to be included if required by the relevant stock exchange for reference data reporting purposes.

--- Page 212 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
212 
6. 
[Index/Other Disclaimer43 
 
[The Warrants are not sponsored, recommended, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index or the Index 
Sponsor. The Index Sponsor does not make any representations, whether express or implied, regarding the 
results to be obtained from using their Index or the level at which an Index may stand at any particular time 
or any particular date or otherwise, nor its suitability. Further, the Index Sponsor will not have any liability 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) for any inaccuracy in the data on which the Index is based, for any 
mistakes, errors, or omissions in the calculation and/or dissemination of the Index, or for the manner in 
which it is applied in the Warrants or the offering thereof. The Issuer shall not have any liability for any act 
of failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation adjustment or maintenance of the 
Index. None of the Issuer or its affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor 
or any control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation 
Agent will obtain information concerning the Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it 
will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking 
(express or implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the Calculation 
Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning the Index.] 
(Insert unless the relevant Index has a bespoke disclaimer, in which case, substitute for such bespoke 
disclaimer) 
[[The Issuer is only offering to and selling to the Dealer(s) pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of 
the [Programme Agreement]. All sales to persons other than the Dealer(s) will be made by the Dealer(s) or 
persons to whom they sell, and/or otherwise make arrangements with, including the Financial Intermediaries. 
The Issuer shall not be liable for any offers, sales or purchase of Warrants by the Dealer(s) or Financial 
Intermediaries in accordance with the arrangements in place between any such Dealer or any such Financial 
Intermediary and its customers.] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                     
43  
Delete this section 9 if not required

--- Page 213 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
213 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue will constitute profits of the Issuer and will be used for hedging purposes and/or 
investments extended to, or made in, other companies and entities belonging to the group (for this purposes, as 
defined in Section 3:2 of the Dutch Financial Market Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) (“FMSA”).

--- Page 214 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
 
214 
FORM OF WARRANTS 
Warrants will be issued in bearer form (“Bearer Warrants”) and in registered form (“Registered Warrants”). 
Bearer Warrants may be in either definitive form or global form. Warrants in definitive bearer form will be 
serially numbered. Registered Warrants may be either in individual certificate form or in global form. 
 
Bearer Warrants 
Unless otherwise specified in the Conditions or the Issue Terms, each issue of Bearer Warrants will initially be in 
the form of a temporary global warrant in bearer form (a “Temporary Global Warrant”) or of a permanent 
global warrant in bearer form (a “Permanent Global Warrant” and, together with a Temporary Global Warrant, 
the “Global Warrants”). Each Temporary Global Warrant will be deposited on or around the issue date of such 
Warrants (or any Tranche thereof) with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Upon deposit of each Temporary Global Warrant, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or, as applicable, any 
other relevant clearing system, will credit each subscriber with a number of Warrants equal to the number for 
which it has subscribed and paid. 
The interests of the beneficial owner or owners in a Temporary Global Warrant will be exchangeable, in whole or 
in part, for interests in the Permanent Global Warrant, to be held by such depositary or common depositary from 
the date (the “Exchange Date”) that is 40 days after the date on which the Issuer receives the proceeds of the 
sale of the relevant Warrants (or the relevant Tranche thereof) (the “Closing Date”) only upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. However, that exchange will be made only upon receipt of Ownership 
Certificates (as defined below). 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Warrant is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Warrant, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of the first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the 
bearer) of such Permanent Global Warrant, duly authenticated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global Warrant or 
(in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the aggregate number of Warrants represented by the 
Permanent Global Warrant the Permanent Global Warrant in accordance with its terms against: 
(a) presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Warrant at the specified 
office of the Principal Warrant Agent; and 
(b) receipt by the Principal Warrant Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The aggregate number of Warrants represented by the Permanent Global Warrant shall be equal to the aggregate 
number of Warrants specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the aggregate number of Warrants represented by the Permanent Global Warrant exceed the 
aggregate number of Warrants represented by the Temporary Global Warrant. 
The Permanent Global Warrant will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for warrants in definitive bearer 
form (each, a “Definitive Warrant”), which will be serially numbered, if Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Warrant is to be exchanged for Definitive Warrants, the Issuer shall procure the 
prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Warrants, duly authenticated, in an aggregate 
number of Warrants equal to the aggregate number of Warrants represented by the Permanent Global Warrant to 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Warrant against the surrender of the Permanent Global at the specified office 
of the Principal Warrant Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. The depositary or 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, as applicable, any other relevant clearing 
system will instruct the Principal Warrant Agent regarding the aggregate number of Definitive Warrants that 
must be authenticated and delivered to each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, as applicable, any 
other relevant clearing system. Definitive Warrants may not be delivered in the United States.

--- Page 215 ---
FORM OF WARRANTS 
 
215 
Legend Concerning United States Persons 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, Global Warrants and Definitive Warrants will bear a legend, in 
English, to the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.” 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Warrant will generally 
not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or exercise of such Warrant and any gain (which 
might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or exercise will be treated as 
ordinary income. 
 
Limitations on Issue of, Payments on, and Delivery of Bearer Warrants 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, Bearer Warrants will not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, as defined below, except as 
otherwise permitted by United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules). 
Any Dealer participating in the offerings of Bearer Warrants, directly or indirectly, must agree that (i) it will not, 
in connection with the original issue of any Bearer Warrants or during the restricted period with respect to such 
Bearer Warrants (as defined in United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(7)) (the 
“Restricted Period”), offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Bearer Warrants in the United States or its 
possessions or to United States persons, other than as permitted by the applicable Treasury Regulations described 
above; and (ii) it will not at any time offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Bearer Warrants in the 
United States or its possessions or to United States persons, other than as permitted by the applicable Treasury 
Regulations above. For these purposes, it is presumed that United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) will apply to the Bearer Warrants. 
In addition, any Dealer must have procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are 
directly engaged in selling Bearer Warrants is aware of the above restrictions on the offering, sale or delivery of 
Bearer Warrants. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, Bearer Warrants, other than Bearer Warrants that satisfy the 
requirements of United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3)(iii), will not be delivered in 
definitive form, and no payment will be made thereon, unless the Issuer has received a signed certificate in 
writing, or an electronic certificate described in United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3)(ii), (an “Ownership Certificate”) stating that on the date of the Ownership Certificate that 
Bearer Warrant: 
(1) is owned by a person that is not a United States person; 
(2) is owned by a United States person that is described in United States Treasury Regulations Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); or 
(3) is owned by a United States or foreign financial institution for the purposes of resale during the Restricted 
Period, 
and, in addition, if the owner of the Bearer Warrant is a United States or foreign financial institution described in 
clause (3) above, whether or not also described in clause (1) or clause (2) above, the financial institution certifies 
that it has not acquired the Bearer Warrant for purposes of resale directly or indirectly to a United States person 
or to a person within the United States or its possessions. 
The Issuer will make payments on Bearer Warrants only outside the United States and its possessions. 
As used herein, “United States person” means, for United States federal income tax purposes, (i) a citizen or 
resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organised in or under the 
laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof; (iii) an estate the income of which is subject to 
United States federal income taxation regardless of its source; or (iv) any trust if a court within the United States 
is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust, and one or more United States 
persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust.

--- Page 216 ---
FORM OF WARRANTS 
 
216 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Bearer Warrants 
The terms and conditions of any Definitive Warrant will be endorsed on that Definitive Warrant and will consist 
of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Warrants”, as set out above and the 
provisions of the Issue Terms, which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Bearer Warrant in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Warrant were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary 
of Provisions Relating to the Warrants While in Global Form” below. 
 
Registered Warrants 
Registered Warrants will be in the form of either individual warrant certificates in registered form (“Individual 
Warrant Certificates”)”) or a global warrant certificate in registered form (a “Global Warrant Certificate”), 
in each case as specified in the Issue Terms. Each Global Warrant Certificate will be registered in the name of a 
common depositary (or its nominee) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system and the relevant Global Warrant Certificate will be deposited on or about the Closing Date with 
the depositary or common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, and will be exchangeable in accordance with its terms. 
If the Issue Terms specify the form of Warrants or Certificates as being “Individual Warrant Certificates”, then 
the Warrants will at all times be in the form of Individual Warrant Certificates issued to each Warrantholder in 
respect of their respective holdings. 
If the Issue Terms specify the form of Warrants or Certificates as being “Global Warrant Certificate 
exchangeable for Individual Warrant Certificates”, then the Warrants will initially be in the form of a Global 
Warrant Certificate which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Individual Warrant Certificates if 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business 
Whenever the Global Warrant Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Warrant Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that Individual Warrant Certificates will be issued in an aggregate number of Warrants equal to the 
number of Warrants represented by the Global Warrant Certificate within five business days of the delivery, by 
or on behalf of the registered holder of the Global Warrant Certificate to the Registrar of such information as is 
required to complete and deliver such Individual Warrant Certificates (including, without limitation, the names 
and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Warrant Certificates are to be registered and the 
quantity of each such person’s holding) against the surrender of the Global Warrant Certificate at the specified 
office of the Registrar. 
Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Agreement and the regulations 
concerning the transfer and registration of Warrants scheduled thereto and, in particular, shall be effected without 
charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect of any tax or other duty 
of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange. 
 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Registered Warrants 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Individual Warrant Certificate will be endorsed on that Individual 
Warrant Certificate and will consist of the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants” above and the provisions of the Issue Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Global Warrant Certificate will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Warrants were they in individual form to the extent described under 
“Summary of Provisions Relating to the Warrants while in Global Form” below. 
 
Legends Concerning Regulation S and ERISA 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, Bearer Warrants will bear a legend, in English, substantially to the 
following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Internal Revenue Code”).

--- Page 217 ---
FORM OF WARRANTS 
 
217 
This warrant and the securities to be delivered upon exercise hereof have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any securities laws of any State in the 
United States. This warrant may not be offered, sold, pledged, delivered or otherwise transferred at any time, 
directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined 
in either Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) or the Internal Revenue Code). This warrant 
may not be exercised by or on behalf of any U.S. person. 
By its acquisition hereof, the holder (1) represents that it is purchasing the instrument evidenced hereby for its 
own account or an account over which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account is 
a non-U.S. person acquiring this instrument in an offshore transaction (as defined in Regulation S) in accordance 
with Regulation S; (2) agrees that it will not resell or otherwise transfer the instrument evidenced hereby except 
in accordance with rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S; and (3) agrees that it will deliver to each person to whom the 
instrument evidenced hereby is transferred a notice substantially to the effect of this legend. 
The investor shall be deemed to represent by its acquisition and holding of an interest herein that it is not 
acquiring the warrants with the assets of any employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the United States 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), any individual retirement account 
or plan subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code or any entity whose underlying assets include, or 
are deemed to include, “plan assets” within the meaning of ERISA and 29 U.S.C.F.R. §2510.3-101 (as modified 
by Section 3(42) of ERISA) by reason of any such plan’s or account’s investment herein.” 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, certificates in respect of Registered Warrants will bear a legend, 
in English, substantially to the following effect: 
“This warrant and the securities to be delivered upon exercise hereof have not been and will not be registered 
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any securities laws of any State in the 
United States. This warrant may not be offered, sold, pledged, delivered or otherwise transferred at any time, 
directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined 
in either Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) or the Internal Revenue Code). This warrant 
may not be exercised by or on behalf of any U.S. person. 
By its acquisition hereof, the holder (1) represents that it is purchasing the instrument evidenced hereby for its 
own account or an account over which it exercises sole investment discretion and that it and any such account is 
a non-U.S. person acquiring this instrument in an offshore transaction (as defined in Regulation S) in accordance 
with Regulation S; (2) agrees that it will not resell or otherwise transfer the instrument evidenced hereby except 
in accordance with rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S; and (3) agrees that it will deliver to each person to whom the 
instrument evidenced hereby is transferred a notice substantially to the effect of this legend. 
The investor shall be deemed to represent by its acquisition and holding of an interest herein that it is not 
acquiring the warrants with the assets of any employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the United States 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), any individual retirement account 
or plan subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code or any entity whose underlying assets include, or 
are deemed to include, “plan assets” within the meaning of ERISA and 29 U.S.C.F.R. §2510.3-101 (as modified 
by Section 3(42) of ERISA) by reason of any such plan’s or account’s investment herein.”

--- Page 218 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE WARRANTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
 
218 
SUMMARY OF PROVISION RELATING TO THE WARRANTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
In relation to any Bearer Warrants (or any Tranche thereof) represented by a Global Warrant, references in the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Warrants” to “Warrantholder” are references to the bearer of the relevant Global 
Warrant which, for so long as the Global Warrant is held by a depositary or common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be such depositary or common 
depositary. In relation to any Registered Warrants (or any Tranche thereof) represented by a Global Warrant 
Certificate, references in the “Terms and Conditions of the Warrants” to “Warrantholder” are references to the 
person in whose name such Global Warrant Certificate is for the time being registered which, for so long as the 
Global Warrant Certificate is held by or on behalf of a depositary or common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be such depositary or common 
depositary. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Warrant or a Global Warrant Certificate (each an 
“Accountholder”) must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant 
clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the 
holder of such Global Warrant or Global Warrant Certificate and in relation to all other rights arising under such 
Global Warrant or Global Warrant Certificate, including any right to exchange any exchangeable Warrants or any 
right to require the Issuer to repurchase such Warrants. The respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time will determine the extent to 
which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Warrant or 
Global Warrant Certificate and the timing requirements for meeting any deadlines for the exercise of those rights. 
For so long as the relevant Warrants are represented by the Global Warrant or Global Warrant Certificate, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of its obligations under the Warrants 
and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment or delivery to the holder of the Global Warrant 
or Global Warrant Certificate, as the case may be, of each amount to be so paid or of each relevant Reference 
Item to be so delivered. 
So long as Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or its nominee is the registered holder of a Global Warrant or 
Global Warrant Certificate, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such nominee, as the case may be, will be 
considered the sole owner of the Warrants represented by such Global Warrant or Global Warrant Certificate for 
all purposes under the Warrant Agreement and such Warrants , except to the extent that in accordance with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s published rules and procedures any ownership rights may be exercised 
by its participants or beneficial owners through participants. 
 
Exchange of Temporary Global Warrant 
If: 
(a) a Permanent Global Warrant has not been delivered or the number of Warrants represented thereby 
increased by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Warrant 
has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Warrant for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Warrant; or 
(b) a Temporary Global Warrant (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of such Temporary Global Warrant as set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Warrants” or 
the date for final exercise of a Temporary Global Warrant has occurred and, in either case, payment or 
delivery (as applicable) in full has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Warrant in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Warrant on the due date for payment or delivery (as 
applicable), 
then the Temporary Global Warrant (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Warrant or increase 
the number of Warrants represented thereby, as the case may be) will become void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of(b) 
above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Warrant will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Warrant or others may have in respect of the 
Warrants under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a 
Temporary Global Warrant will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been

--- Page 219 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE WARRANTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
 
219 
entitled if, immediately before such Temporary Global Warrant became void, they had beenthe holders of 
Warrants in definitive form in an aggregate number of Warrants equal to the number of the Warrants they were 
shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system. 
 
Exchange of Permanent Global Warrant 
Whenever a Permanent Global Warrant is to be exchanged for Warrants in definitive form, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such definitive Warrants, duly authenticated, in an 
aggregate number of Warrants equal to the number of Warrants represented by the Permanent Global Warrant to 
the bearer of the Permanent Global Warrant against the surrender of the Permanent Global Warrant at the 
Specified Office of the Principal Warrant Agent within 30 calendar days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) a Permanent Global Warrant was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Warrant 
representing the Warrants and such Temporary Global Warrant becomes void in accordance with its terms; 
or 
(b) a Permanent Global Warrant (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of such Permanent Global Warrant as set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Warrants” or 
the Warrants have been exercised and, in either case, payment or delivery (as applicable) in full has not 
been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Warrant in accordance with the terms of the Permanent 
Global Warrant on the due date for payment or delivery (as applicable), 
then the Permanent Global Warrant (including the obligation to deliver Warrants in definitive form) will become 
void at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on which such Temporary Global Warrant becomes void (in the case 
of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Warrant will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Warrant or others may have in respect of the Warrants under the Deed of 
Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system in force as being entitled to an interest in a Permanent 
Global Warrant in respect of the Warrants will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they 
would have been entitled if, immediately before such Permanent Global Warrant became void, they had been the 
holders of Warrants in definitive form in an aggregate number of Warrants equal to the number of the Warrants 
they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
 
Exchange of Global Warrant Certificates 
Whenever a Global Warrant Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Warrant Certificates, the Issuer shall 
procure that the relevant quantity of Individual Warrant Certificates will be issued within five business days of 
the delivery, by or on behalf of the holder of the Global Warrant Certificate to the Registrar of such information 
as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Warrant Certificates (including, without limitation, the 
names and addresses of the persons in whose names the Individual Warrant Certificates are to be registered and 
the quantity of each such person’s holding) against the surrender of the Global Warrant Certificate at the 
specified office of the Registrar. Such exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant 
Agreement and the regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Registered Warrants scheduled thereto 
and, in particular, shall be effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may 
require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection 
with such exchange. 
If: 
(a) Individual Warrant Certificates have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day 
after they are due to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Global Warrant Certificate; 
or 
(b) any of the Warrants represented by a Global Warrant Certificate (or any part of it) has become due and 
payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, payment or delivery (as applicable) 
in full has not been made to the holder of the Global Warrant Certificate in accordance with the terms of the 
Global Warrant Certificate on the due date for payment or delivery (as applicable), 
then 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on

--- Page 220 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE WARRANTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
 
220 
such due date (in the case of (b) above), each person shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (or any other relevant clearing system) as being entitled to interest in the Warrants (each an 
“Accountholder”), shall acquire rights under the Deed of Covenant to enforce against the Issuer, the Issuer’s 
obligations to the Warrantholder in respect of the Warrants represented by the Global Warrant Certificate, 
including the obligation of the Issuer to make all payments and deliveries when due at any time in respect of such 
Warrants as if such Warrants had been duly presented and (where required by the Conditions) surrendered on the 
due date in accordance with the Conditions. Each Accountholder shall acquire such right without prejudice to 
any other rights which the Warrantholder may have under the Global Warrant Certificate and the Deed of 
Covenant. Notwithstanding the rights that each Accountholder may acquire under the Deed of Covenant, 
payment or delivery to the Warrantholder in respect of any Warrants represented by the Global Warrant 
Certificate shall constitute a discharge of the Issuer’s obligations to the extent of any such payment or delivery 
and nothing in the Deed of Covenant shall oblige the Issuer to make any payment or delivery under the Warrants 
to or to the order of any person other than the Warrantholder. 
 
 
Conditions Applicable to Global Warrants and Global Warrant Certificates 
Each Global Warrant and Global Warrant Certificate will contain provisions which modify the terms and 
conditions set out in “Terms and Conditions of the Warrants” as they apply to the Global Warrant and the Global 
Warrant Certificate. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Transfers of interests in the Warrants : Any transfers of the interest of an Accountholder in any Warrants that are 
represented by a Global Warrant or a Global Warrant Certificate must be effected through the relevant 
Accountholder’s account with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system (each a “Clearing System”) and in accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing System. 
Exercise procedures: Subject to prior termination of the Warrants as provided in the Conditions and except if the 
Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and General Condition 4(a) (Automatic Exercise in respect of Global 
Warrants or Global Warrant Certificates) has been specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Warrants may be 
exercised by an Accountholder (at its own expense) at such time and on such day(s) as provided in Conditions 
3(a) (American Style Warrants), 3(b) (European Style Warrants) or 3(c) (Bermudan Style Warrants) of the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Warrants” by delivery of a duly completed and signed Exercise Notice to: 
(i) the Clearing Systems (if so permitted by the rules and procedures of the Clearing Systems, such Exercise 
Notice may be in the form of an authenticated instruction via SWIFT delivered to the Clearing Systems by 
the relevant Warrantholder or, if such Warrantholder is not a participant or customer of the Clearing 
Systems, then on such Warrantholder’s behalf by such participant or customer, or such Exercise Notice may 
be sent to the Clearing Systems by any other communications channel authorised by the rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant Clearing System); and 
(ii) the relevant Warrant Agent or Registrar, with a copy to the Calculation Agent. 
Any such exercise shall be subject to the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System and any Exercise 
Notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn by the Accountholder. The holder of the Global Warrant (or 
Global Warrant Certificate upon the exercise of the Warrant in full) must, within the period specified therein for 
the deposit of the relevant Warrant, deposit such Global Warrant or Global Warrant Certificate (as the case may 
be) with the Principal Warrant Agent (in the case of a Global Warrant) or the Registrar (in the case of a Global 
Warrant Certificate). 
Any Exercise Notice delivered (a) after the Expiration Date, in the case of American Style Warrants, shall be 
void, (b) after 10.00 a.m. (London time) on the Specified Exercise Date, in the case of European Style Warrants, 
shall be void, and (c) after the Latest Exercise Time on the Final Potential Exercise Date in the case of Bermudan 
Style Warrants, shall be void. 
Exercise dates and times: Exercise of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant or a Global Warrant Certificate 
may only be effected on a day on which the relevant Clearing System is open for business in addition to any 
other relevant day as provided in the Conditions. Such Warrants must be exercised as provided in the “Terms and 
Condition of the Warrants” (as modified as set out below) by 10.00 a.m. in the place where Euroclear and/ or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system through which the relevant Warrants are 
exercised (unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms). 
Form of Exercise Notice: Each Exercise Notice shall be in the form (for the time being current) available from 
each Warrant Agent or the Registrar and must:

--- Page 221 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE WARRANTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
 
221 
(i) 
specify the name, address, telephone and facsimile details of the Accountholder in respect of the Warrants 
being exercised; 
(ii) 
specify the number of Warrants of the relevant Series being exercised by the Accountholder (which must 
not be less than the Minimum Exercise Number); 
(iii) specify the number of the Accountholder’s account at the relevant Clearing System to be debited with the 
Warrants being exercised and irrevocably instruct, or, as the case may be, confirm that the Accountholder 
has irrevocably instructed, the relevant Clearing System to debit the Accountholder’s account with the 
Warrants being exercised and credit the same to the account of the Principal Warrant Agent (for the 
account of the Issuer); 
(iv) where applicable, specify the number of the Accountholder’s account at the relevant Clearing System to be 
credited with the Cash Settlement Amount or the relevant Entitlement (as applicable) for the Warrants 
being exercised; 
(v) 
include an irrevocable undertaking to pay any applicable Taxes due and Expenses payable by reason of 
exercise of and an authority to the Issuer and the relevant Clearing System to deduct an amount in respect 
thereof from any Cash Settlement Amount due to such Accountholder or otherwise (on, or at any time 
after, the Cash Settlement Date) and to debit a specified account of the Accountholder at the relevant 
Clearing System with an amount or amounts in respect thereof; 
(vi) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, include an irrevocable instruction to the relevant Clearing 
System to debit the specified account of the Accountholder with an amount equal to the aggregate Exercise 
Price on the Exercise Price Payment Date in respect of the Warrants being exercised on the Physical 
Delivery Settlement Date and to credit such amount to the account of the Principal Warrant Agent (for the 
account of the Issuer); 
(vii) give a certification as to the non-U.S. beneficial ownership of the Warrants being exercised therewith; and 
(viii) authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings. 
Verification of Accountholder: To exercise any Warrants, the relevant Accountholder must duly complete an 
Exercise Notice. The relevant Clearing System shall, in accordance with its normal operating procedures, verify 
that each person exercising Warrants is the Accountholder thereof according to the records of such Clearing 
System and that such Accountholder has an account at the relevant Clearing System which contains Warrants in 
an amount being exercised and funds equal to any applicable Taxes in respect of the Warrants being exercised. 
If, in the determination of the relevant Clearing System, the relevant Warrant Agent or the Registrar: 
(i) 
the Exercise Notice is not complete or not in proper form; 
(ii) 
the Accountholder submitting an Exercise Notice is not validly entitled to exercise the relevant Warrants or 
not validly entitled to deliver such Exercise Notice; or 
(iii) the relevant Accountholder does not provide evidence on behalf of the Warrantholder, at the reasonable 
request of the relevant Warrant Agent or the Registrar, that sufficient funds equal to any applicable Taxes, 
Expenses and the aggregate Exercise Price (if any) will be available on the Exercise Date, 
that Exercise Notice will be treated as void and a new duly completed Exercise Notice must be submitted if 
exercise of the Accountholder’s Warrants is still desired. The Issuer shall procure that the Principal Warrant 
Agent, upon being informed of the defective Exercise Notice by the relevant Clearing System, Warrant Agent or 
the Registrar, as the case may be, informs the Accountholder submitting such defective Exercise Notice of the 
defect(s) and of the requirement to submit a new duly completed Exercise Notice if such Accountholder intends 
to exercise the relevant Warrants on the relevant Exercise Date. 
Any determination by the relevant Clearing System, the relevant Warrant Agent or the Registrar as to any of the 
matters set out above shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the 
Accountholder and the beneficial owner of the Warrants exercised. 
Notification to the relevant Warrant Agent or the Registrar: Subject to the verification set out above, the relevant 
Clearing System will: 
(i) confirm to the relevant Warrant Agent, in the case of Bearer Warrants, or to the Registrar, in the case of 
Registered Warrants (copied to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent) the number of Warrants being 
exercised and the number of the account to be credited with the Cash Settlement Amount; and

--- Page 222 ---
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE WARRANTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
 
222 
(ii) promptly notify the common depositary of receipt of the Exercise Notice and the number of the Warrants to 
be exercised. 
Upon exercise of less than all of the Warrants represented by the Global Warrant or Global Warrant Certificate, 
the common depositary will note such exercise on the Schedule to the Global Warrant or the Registrar will note 
such exercise in the Register relating to such Global Warrant Certificate and the aggregate number of Warrants so 
exercised as represented by the Global Warrant or Global Warrant Certificate shall be cancelled pro tanto. 
Debit of Accountholder’s Account: The relevant Clearing System will on or before the Settlement Date debit the 
relevant account of the Accountholder and credit the relevant account of the Principal Warrant Agent (in favour 
of the Issuer) with: (i) the Warrants being exercised, (ii) any applicable Taxes (if any) in respect of the Warrants 
being exercised and (iii) any other amounts as may be specified in the Issue Terms. 
If any of the items set out in the paragraph above are not so credited to the relevant account of the Principal 
Warrant Agent (in favour of the Issuer), then the Issuer shall be under no obligation to make any payment of any 
nature to the relevant Accountholder in respect of the Warrants being exercised, and the Exercise Notice 
delivered in respect of such Warrants shall thereafter be void for all purposes. 
Effect of Exercise Notice: Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election and undertaking 
by the Accountholder to exercise the Warrants specified therein, provided that the person exercising and 
delivering such Exercise Notice is the person then appearing in the records of the relevant Clearing System as the 
holder of the relevant Warrants. If the person exercising and delivering the Exercise Notice is not the person so 
appearing, such Exercise Notice shall for all purposes become void and shall be deemed not to have been so 
delivered. 
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice (other than an Exercise Notice which shall become void) by an 
Accountholder, such Accountholder shall not be permitted to transfer either legal or beneficial ownership of the 
Warrants exercised thereby. Notwithstanding this, if any Accountholder does so transfer or attempt to transfer 
such Warrants, the Accountholder will be liable to the Issuer for any losses, costs and expenses suffered or 
incurred by the Issuer including those suffered or incurred as a consequence of it having terminated any related 
hedging operations in reliance on the relevant Exercise Notice and subsequently: (i) entering into replacement 
hedging operations in respect of such Warrants; or (ii) paying any amount on the subsequent exercise of such 
Warrants without having entered into any replacement hedging operations. 
Payments: All payments in respect of a Global Warrant which, in accordance with the “Terms and Conditions of 
the Warrants”, require presentation and/or surrender of a definitive Warrant or definitive Certificate will be made 
against presentation and (in the case of payment in full) and/or surrender of the Global Warrant at the specified 
office of the Principal Warrant Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of 
the Issuer in respect of the Warrants. On each occasion on which a payment is made in respect of the Global 
Warrant, the Issuer shall procure that the same is noted in a schedule thereto and entered pro rata in the records 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. Any payments shall be made 
in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing System and the Issuer. The Warrant Agents, 
the Registrar and the Transfer Agent, shall not be liable, under any circumstance, for any acts or defaults of any 
Clearing System in the performance of the Clearing System’s duties in relation to the Warrants. 
Payment Record Date: Each payment or delivery in respect of a Global Warrant Certificate will be made to the 
person shown as the holder in the Register at the close of business (in the relevant clearing system) on the 
Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such payment (the “Record Date”) where “Clearing 
System Business Day” means a day on which each relevant Clearing System for which the Global Warrant 
Certificate is being held is open for business. Any payment in full will be made against surrender of the Global 
Warrant Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the 
corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Warrants. 
Notices: Notwithstanding General Condition 10 (Notices) of the “Terms and Conditions of the Warrants”, while 
all the Warrants are represented by a Global Warrant or Global Warrant Certificate and the Global Warrant or 
Global Warrant Certificate is deposited with a Clearing System, notices to Warrantholders may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with General Condition 10 (Notices) of the “Terms and Conditions of the Warrants”, as applicable, on the date of 
delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 223 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V.  
 
223 
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V.  
Person Responsible 
 
The Issuer assumes responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of 
the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information.  
Introduction 
BBVA Global Markets, B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid), was incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands on 29 October 2009 for an unlimited duration and 
with the purpose of issuing warrants under the Programme in accordance with the objects clause contained in article 3 of 
the Deed of Incorporation of the Issuer dated 29 October 2009 which reads as follows: 
"The objects for which the Company is established are to raise finance through the issuance of bonds, notes, warrants, 
certificates and other debt instruments, and invest the funds raised in any kind of financial assets. For these purposes, the 
Company may enter into (i) derivative transactions or other hedging agreements, and (ii) other agreements with third 
parties in connection with the above object."  
The Issuer has its seat (zetel) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and its principal place of business at Calle Sauceda, 28, 
Edificio Asia, 28050 Madrid, Spain (tel: +34 913745123). The Issuer is registered in the trade register of the Netherlands 
Chamber of Commerce under number 34363108. The Issuer has its place of effective management and centre of principal 
interests in Spain. The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of the Issuer is 213800L2COK1WB5Q3Z55. 
Business 
The principal business of the Issuer is to raise funds on the capital and money markets to finance the business activities 
of, and enter into other financial agreements with, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries. 
The Issuer serves as a financing company for the purposes of the Group and is regularly engaged in different financing 
transactions within the limits set forth in its deed of incorporation (the "Deed of Incorporation"). The Issuer's objective 
is, among others, to arrange medium and long term financing for the Group and cost saving by grouping these activities. 
Because of its aforementioned purpose, the Issuer does not have any markets in which it competes and, therefore, the 
Issuer cannot make a statement regarding its competitive position in any markets. 
The Issuer is a financing company that is exempt from the licence requirements to operate as a bank pursuant to the 
exemption contained in section 3:2 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) (the 
"FMSA"), as long as: 
(i) 
there is an unconditional guarantee from the Guarantor for the due and punctual payment of all amounts payable 
to the Holders that form part of the "public" (as defined in the FSMA), and the Guarantor's consolidated equity 
capital remains positive throughout the term of the guarantee; and 
(ii) 
at least 95 per cent. of its borrowings consist of loans and/or investments extended to, or made in, other 
companies and entities belonging to the Group (as defined in section 3:2 of the FMSA). 
History 
The Issuer has not previously carried on any business or carried on any activities other than (i) those incidental to its 
registration, the authorisation and issues of Warrants contemplated in this Base Prospectus and the other matters 
described or contemplated in this Base Prospectus, (ii) the obtaining of all approvals and the effecting of all registrations 
and filings necessary or desirable for its business activities, and (iii) other securities issues including Warrants and other 
structured notes.

--- Page 224 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V.  
 
224 
Ownership and Capital Structure 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is €90,000 divided into 900 ordinary shares of €100 each. The total issued and 
paid up share capital amounts to €18,000 consisting of 180 ordinary shares. The Issuer is a direct wholly-owned 
subsidiary of BBVA and does not have any subsidiaries of its own.  
In addition, BBVA made a €19,000 share premium contribution to the Issuer on 21 November 2011 and a €53,000 share 
premium contribution to the Issuer on 19 December 2012. There are no preferential rights of shares or profit sharing 
certificates. There is no conditional share capital. The entire clause 4 of the Deed of Incorporation regarding the share 
capital reads as follows: 
"The authorised share capital of the Company is ninety thousand euro (EUR 90,000), divided into nine hundred (900) 
Shares, each with a par value of one hundred euro (EUR 100)." 
Financial Statements 
The Issuer has published audited financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 (the "Issuer's Financial Statements"). The Issuer's Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with EU-
IFRS and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see 
page 38). Other than as described herein there has been no material change in the capitalisation of the Issuer. No 
dividends have been paid out by the Issuer since its incorporation. 
Income Statement  
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the Issuer's audited Financial Statements of profit or loss 
and other comprehensive income for the period ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
Thousands of euros 
31.12.2020 
(audited) 
31.12.2019(*) 
(audited) 
—Exchange rate differences .....................................................................................................  
(7) 
(4) 
—Other operating income ........................................................................................................  
327 
228 
—Other operating expenses ......................................................................................................  
(333) 
(225) 
—Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss, net.  
— 
— 
Result of the year before tax ..................................................................................................  
(13) 
(1) 
—Income tax ............................................................................................................................  
3 
(3) 
Result of the year from continued operations .......................................................................  
(10) 
(4) 
Comprehensive result of the year ..........................................................................................  
— 
— 
Total comprehensive result of the year .................................................................................  
(10) 
(4) 
 
(*) Presented for comparison purposes only. 
Statement of Financial Position 
The table below sets out summary information extracted from BBVA Global Markets B.V.'s audited 
Financial Statements of statement of financial position as of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019:

--- Page 225 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V.  
 
225 
 
Thousands of euros 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019(*) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AUDITED 
AUDITED 
ASSETS: 
Non-current assets ........................................  
 ...........  ...........   ...........   ...........   ............  ............  ............
3,169,247 
3,272,795 
Current assets ...............................................  
 ...........  ...........  ............  ............  ............  ............  ............
565,206 
323,210 
Total assets ...................................................  
 ...........  ...........  ............  ............  ............  ............  ............
3,734,453 
3,596,005 
LIABILITIES: .............................................  
 ...........  ...........  ............  ............  ............  ............  ............
 
 
Non-current liabilities ..................................  
 ...........  ...........  ............  ............  ............  ............  ............
3,168,922 
3,272,473 
Current liabilities ..........................................  
 ...........  ...........  ............  ............  ............  ............  ............
565,314 
323,305 
Total liabilities .............................................  
 ...........  ...........  ............  ............  ............  ............  ............
3,734,226 
3,595,778 
SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY: 
—Issued share capital ....................................  
 ...........  ...........  ............  ............  ............  ............  ............
90 
90 
—Share premium...........................................  
 ...........  ...........  ............  ............  ............  ............  ............
250 
250 
—Other reserves ............................................  
 ...........  ...........  ............  ............  ............  ............  ............
(213) 
(109) 
—Result of the year .......................................  
 ...........  ...........  ............  ............  ............  ............  ............
(10) 
(4) 
Total shareholder's equity...........................  
 ...........  ...........  ............  ............  ............  ............  ............
217 
227 
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity ...  
 ...........  ...........  ............  ............  ............  ............  ............
3,734,453 
3,596,005 
 
(*) Presented for comparison purposes only. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has issued securities of the same class as the Warrants to be issued under 
the Programme listed on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG Accountants N.V. Laan van Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen, The Netherlands, 
who are Chartered Accountants and members of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke 
Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
Management  
The Board of Directors of the Issuer consists of the following Managing Directors:  
Name 
Position at the Issuer 
Present Principal Occupation Outside of the Issuer 
Marian Coscarón Tomé 
Managing Director 
Head of Global Structured Solutions of BBVA 
Christian Højbjerre Mortensen 
Managing Director 
Global Structured Solutions Manager of BBVA 
The Managing Directors are employees of BBVA. There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties of the 
directors of BBVA Global Markets B.V. and their private interests. 
The business address of the Managing Directors is Calle Sauceda, 28, Edificio Asia, 28050 Madrid, Spain 
BBVA Global Markets B.V., as a financial company for the purposes of the Group with no employees, relies on the

--- Page 226 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V.  
 
226 
human resources, systems as well as the policies, processes and procedures of BBVA (including, without limitation, 
compliance, market abuse, risk, accounting, and audit committee). 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. complies with the corporate governance regime in the Netherlands. 
Tax Status of the Issuer  
The Issuer has its tax residency in Spain. 
Legal Proceedings  
There are no, and have not been, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which 
may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer

--- Page 227 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
227 
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
Person Responsible  
 
The Guarantor assumes responsibility for the information featured under the heading "Description of Banco Bilbao 
Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A." in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Guarantor, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information. 
 
History and Development of BBVA 
BBVA's predecessor bank, BBV (Banco Bilbao Vizcaya), was incorporated as a public limited company (a "sociedad 
anónima" or S.A.) under the Spanish Corporations Law on 1 October 1988. BBVA was formed following the merger of 
Argentaria into BBV (Banco Bilbao Vizcaya), which was approved by the shareholders of each entity on 18 December 
1999 and registered on 28 January 2000. It conducts its business under the commercial name "BBVA". BBVA is 
registered with the Commercial Registry of Vizcaya (Spain). It has its registered office at Plaza de San Nicolás 4, Bilbao, 
Spain, 48005, and operates out of Calle Azul, 4, 28050, Madrid, Spain (Telephone: +34-91-374-6201). BBVA's agent in 
the U.S. for U.S. federal securities law purposes is Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. New York Branch (1345 
Avenue of the Americas, 44th Floor, New York, New York 10105 (Telephone: +1-212-728-1660)). BBVA is 
incorporated for an unlimited term. The LEI of the Guarantor is K8MS7FD7N5Z2WQ51AZ71. 
Capital Expenditures 
The Group's principal investments are financial investments in its subsidiaries and affiliates. The main capital 
expenditures from 2018 to 2020 and up to the date of filing of this Base Prospectus were the following: 
2020 
 
In 2020, up to the date of filing, there were no significant capital expenditures. 
 
2019 
 
In 2019 there were no significant capital expenditures. 
 
2018 
 
In 2018 there were no significant capital expenditures. 
Capital Divestitures 
BBVA Group's principal divestitures are financial divestitures in its subsidiaries and in affiliates. The main capital 
divestitures from 2018 to 2020 and up to the date of filing of this Base Prospectus were the following: 
2020 
Sale of BBVA’s U.S. Bancshares, Inc to PNC Financial Service Group  
On 1st June 2021, after obtaining all the required authorizations, BBVA completed the sale to The PNC Financial Services 
Group, Inc. of 100% of the capital stock of its subsidiary BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc., which in turn owns all the capital 
stock of the bank, BBVA USA. 
The consideration received in cash by BBVA, as a consequence of the referred sale, amounts to approximately 11,500 
million US dollars44 (equivalent to approximately 9,600 million euros45). 
                                                     
44 Which corresponds to the purchase price provided in the share purchase agreement minus the agreed closing price adjustments 
45 EUR/USD exchange rate of 1.20.

--- Page 228 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
228 
The accounting of both the results generated by BBVA USA Bancshares since the announcement of the transaction and of 
its closing, have had an aggregate positive impact on the BBVA Group's Common Equity Tier 1 ("fully loaded") ratio of 
approximately 294 basis points (of which 24 basis points have already been accounted for in such ratio between the date 
of the announcement and the end of the first quarter of 2021) and a profit net of taxes of approximately 570 million euros 
(479 million euros of such have been accounted for in the BBVA Group’s result between the date of the announcement 
and the end of the first quarter of 2021) 46. 
The BBVA Group will continue to develop the institutional and wholesale business in the US that it currently carries out 
through its broker dealer BBVA Securities Inc and its branch in New York. BBVA will also maintain its investment 
activity in the fintech sector through its participation in Propel Venture Partners US Fund I, L.P. 
Agreement for the creation of a joint venture and transfer of the non-life insurance business in Spain 
On 27 April 2020, BBVA reached an agreement with Allianz, Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. to create a 
bancassurance joint venture in Spain including a long-term exclusive distribution agreement for the sale of non-life 
insurance products, excluding the health insurance business, through BBVA’s branch network in Spain.  
On 14 December 2020, after obtaining the relevant regulatory approvals from the competent authorities, BBVA Seguros, 
S.A. de Seguros y Reaseguros (“BBVA Seguros”) transferred to Allianz, Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A., 50% 
of the share capital plus one share in BBVA Allianz Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. (“BBVA Seguros Generales”). BBVA 
Seguros received a cash payment of 274 million euros. Prior to that, BBVA transferred its non-life insurance business in 
Spain, excluding the health insurance business, to BBVA Seguros Generales.  
Allianz, Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. may need to make an additional payment to BBVA of up to 100 
million euros if certain business goals and milestones are met. This transaction has resulted in a profit net of taxes of 304 
million euros and has increased the Group’s CET1 (fully loaded) ratio by 7 basis points as of 31 December 2020.  
2019 
Sale of BBVA Paraguay 
On 7 August 2019, BBVA reached an agreement with Banco GNB Paraguay, S.A., an affiliate of Grupo Financiero 
Gilinski, for the sale of its wholly-owned subsidiary BBVA Paraguay.  
The sale closed on 22 January, 2021 and BBVA received approximately 250 million dollars (approximately 210 million 
euros) in cash. The transaction resulted in a loss of approximately 9 million euros net of taxes and is estimated to increase 
the Group’s CET1 (fully loaded) ratio by approximately 6 basis points in the first quarter of 2021. 
2018  
Sale of BBVA Chile 
On 28 November 2017, BBVA received a binding offer (the "Offer") from The Bank of Nova Scotia ("Scotiabank") for 
the acquisition of BBVA's stake in Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria Chile, S.A. ("BBVA Chile") as well as in other 
companies of the Group in Chile with operations that are complementary to the banking business (among them, BBVA 
Seguros de Vida, S.A.). BBVA owned, directly and indirectly, 68.19 per cent. of BBVA Chile's share capital. On 5 
December 2017, BBVA accepted the Offer and entered into a sale and purchase agreement and the sale was completed on 
6 July 2018.  
The consideration received in cash by BBVA in the referred sale amounted to approximately $2,200 million. The 
transaction resulted in a capital gain, net of taxes, of €633 million, which was recognised in 2018. 
Transfer of real estate business and sale of stake in Divarian 
On 29 November 2017, BBVA reached an agreement with Promontoria Marina, S.L.U. ("Promontoria"), a company 
managed by Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. ("Cerberus"), for the creation of a joint venture to which an important 
part of the real estate business of BBVA in Spain (the "Business") was transferred. 
                                                     
46 The results that BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc. has been generating, as well as the positive impact, mainly, of these results on the Common Equity Tier 
1 fully loaded ratio have been reflected in the financial statements of BBVA Group. The calculation of the impact on Common Equity Tier 1 has been 
made taking into account the amount of the transaction in euros and BBVA Group's financial statements as of March 2021

--- Page 229 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
229 
The Business comprises: (i) foreclosed real estate assets (the "REOs") held by BBVA as of 26 June 2017, with a gross 
book value of approximately €13,000 million; and (ii) the necessary assets and employees to manage the Business in an 
autonomous manner. For purposes of the transaction with Cerberus, the Business was valued at approximately €5,000 
million. 
On 10 October 2018, after obtaining all the required authorizations, BBVA completed the transfer of the Business (except 
for part of the agreed REOs, which were contributed in several subsequent transfers, being the last one in May 2020) to 
Divarian and the sale of an 80 per cent. stake in Divarian to Promontoria. Following the closing of the transaction, BBVA 
retained 20 per cent. of the share capital of Divarian. 
As of 31 December 2018 and for the year then ended, the transaction did not have a significant impact on the Group's 
attributable profit or Common Equity Tier 1 (fully loaded).  
The above transaction is referred to as the "Cerberus Transaction" in this Base Prospectus. 
Sale of BBVA's stake in Testa  
On 14 September 2018, BBVA and other shareholders of Testa Residencial SOCIMI, S.A. ("Testa") entered into an 
agreement with Tropic Real Estate Holding, S.L. (a company which is advised and managed by a private equity 
investment group controlled by Blackstone Group International Partners LLP) pursuant to which BBVA agreed to 
transfer its 25.24 per cent. interest in Testa to Tropic Real Estate Holding, S.L. The sale was completed on 21 December 
2018.  
The consideration received in cash by BBVA in the referred sale amounted to €478 million. 
Sale of non-performing and in default mortgage credits 
 
On 21 December 2018, BBVA reached an agreement with Voyager Investing UK Limited Partnership, an entity managed 
by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, for the transfer of a portfolio of credit rights which was mainly composed by 
non-performing and in default mortgage credits. The transaction was completed during the third quarter of 2019 and 
resulted in a capital gain, net of taxes, of €138 million and a slightly positive impact on BBVA Group's Common Equity 
Tier 1 (fully loaded). 
Business Overview 
BBVA Group is a customer-centric global financial services group founded in 1857. Internationally diversified and with 
strengths in the traditional banking businesses of retail banking, asset management and wholesale banking, the Group is 
committed to offering a compelling digital proposition focused on customer experience. 
For this purpose, the Group is focused on increasingly offering products online and through mobile channels, improving 
the functionality of its digital offerings and refining the customer experience. In 2020, the number of digital and mobile 
customers and the volume of digital sales continued to increase. 
BBVA Group’s business areas reporting structure differs from the one presented at the end of 2019, mainly as a 
consequence of the disappearance of the United States as a business area, derived from the sale agreement reached with 
PNC. Most of the businesses in the United States excluded from this agreement, together with those of the former 
business area “Rest of Eurasia” constitute a new area called “Rest of Business”. 
In 2019, the Group adopted a common global brand through the unification of BBVA brand as part of its efforts to offer a 
unique value proposition and a homogeneous customer experience in the countries in which the Group operates. 
Operating Segments 
Set forth below are the Group's current five operating segments: 
 
Spain; 
 
Mexico; 
 
Turkey; 
 
South America; and

--- Page 230 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
230 
 
Rest of Business. 
In addition to the operating segments referred to above, the Group has a Corporate Center which includes those items that 
have not been allocated to an operating segment. It includes the Group's general management functions, including costs 
from central units that have a strictly corporate function; management of structural exchange rate positions carried out by 
the Financial Planning unit; certain proprietary portfolios; certain tax assets and liabilities; certain provisions related to 
commitments with employees; and goodwill and other intangibles, as well as the financing of such asset portfolios. It also 
includes the results of the Group´s stake in the venture capital fund Propel Venture Partners (which was previously part of 
the former United States segment). Additionally, the results obtained by the Group's businesses in the United States 
included within the scope of the aforementioned agreement with The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. through the 
date of closing of the USA Sale have been presented in a single line under the heading "Profit (loss) after tax from 
discontinued operations" in the income statement of the Corporate Center. BBVA’s 20% stake in Divarian is also 
included in the Corporate Center. 
The breakdown of the Group's total assets by each of BBVA's operating segments and the Corporate Center as of 31 
December 2020, 2019 and 2018 was as follows: 
 
As of 31 December 
Total Assets by Operating Segment 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(in Millions of Euros) 
Spain 
410,409 
369,943 
360,041 
Mexico 
110,236 
109,087 
97,428 
Turkey 
59,585 
64,416 
66,250 
South America 
55,436 
54,996 
54,373 
Rest of Business 
35,172 
32,891 
27,826 
Subtotal Assets by Operating Segment 
670,839 
631,334 
605,918 
Corporate Center and Adjustments 
65,336 
66,403 
69,758 
Total Assets BBVA Group 
736,176 
697,737 
675,675 
 
The following table sets forth information relating to the profit (loss) attributable to parent company for each of BBVA's 
operating segments and the Corporate Center for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit/(Loss) Attributable to Parent Company 
 % of Profit/(Loss) Attributable to Parent 
Company 
 
For the Year Ended 31 December 
 
                           2020 
                    2019 
                      2018 
                      202                           
2019 
                  
2018 
 
(In Millions of Euros) 
(In Percentage) 
Spain 
652 
1,436 
1,450 
18 
26 
28 
Mexico 
1,761 
2,698 
2,367 
48 
49 
46 
Turkey 
563 
506 
567 
15 
9 
11 
South America 
446 
721 
578 
12 
13 
11 
Rest of Business 
222 
184 
150 
6 
3 
3 
Subtotal operating 
segments 
3,644 
5,544 
5,111 
100 
100 
100 
Corporate Center 
(2,339) 
(2,032) 
289 
 
 
 
Profit 
attributable
to parent company  
1,305 
3,512 
5,400

--- Page 231 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
231 
The following table sets forth certain summarized information relating to the income of each operating segment and the 
Corporate Center for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018: 
 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey 
South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Corporate 
Center 
Total  
                                      (In Millions of Euros) 
2020 
Net interest income 
3,566 
5,415 
2,783 
2,701 
291 
(164) 
14,592 
Gross income 
5,567 
7,025 
3,573 
3,225 
839 
(63) 
20,166 
Net margin before provisions (1) 
2,528 
4,680 
2,544 
1,853 
372 
(898) 
11,079 
Operating profit/(loss) before tax 
823 
2,475 
1,522 
896 
280 
(1,183) 
4,813 
Profit /(loss) attributable to parent company 
652 
1,761 
563 
446 
222 
(2,339) 
1,305 
2019  
Net interest income 
3,585 
6,209 
2,814 
3,196 
236 
(252) 
15,789 
Gross income 
5,674 
8,034 
3,590 
3,850 
728 
(353) 
21,522 
Net margin before provisions (1) 
2,420 
5,383 
2,375 
2,276 
249 
(1,336) 
11,368 
Operating profit/(loss) before tax  
1,896 
3,690 
1,341 
1,396 
222 
(1,499) 
7,046 
Profit /(loss) attributable to parent company 1,436 
2,698 
506 
721 
184 
(2,032) 
3,512 
2018 
Net interest income 
3,636 
5,568 
3,135 
3,009 
224 
(287) 
15,285 
Gross income 
5,906 
7,193 
3,901 
3,701 
666 
(430) 
20,936 
Net margin before provisions (1) 
2,572 
4,800 
2,654 
1,992 
195 
(1,330) 
10,883 
Operating profit/(loss) before tax 
1,859 
3,269 
1,444 
1,288 
207 
(1,368) 
6,699 
Profit /(loss) attributable to parent company 
1,450 
2,367 
567 
578 
150 
289 
5,400 
 
(1) “Net margin before provisions” is calculated as “Gross income” less “Administration costs” and “Depreciation and amortization” 
The following tables set forth information relating to the balance sheet of the operating segments and the Group Corporate 
Center and adjustments as of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018: 
 
As of December 31, 2020 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey  
South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Total 
Operating 
Segments 
Corporate Center 
and Adjustments (1) 
 
                                            (In Millions of Euros) 
 
 
Total Assets 
410,409 
110,236 
59,585 
55,436 
35,172 
670,839 
65,336 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other 
demand deposits 
38,356 
9,161 
5,477 
7,127 
6,121 
66,243 
(723) 
Financial assets designated at fair value (2) 
137,969 
36,360 
5,332 
7,329 
1,470 
188,459 
(4,447) 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
198,173 
59,819 
46,705 
38,549 
27,213 
370,460 
(2,792) 
Loans and advances to customers 
167,998 
50,002 
37,295 
33,615 
24,015 
312,926 
(1,779) 
Of which: 
Residential mortgages 
71,530 
9,890 
2,349 
6,252 
1,436 
91,457 
Consumer finance 
11,820 
7,025 
5,626 
6,773 
497 
31,740

--- Page 232 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
232 
Loans 
5,859 
1,629 
630 
974 
183 
9,274 
Credit cards 
2,087 
4,682 
3,259 
2,008 
7 
12,043 
Loans to enterprises 
61,748 
22,549 
24,597 
16,392 
21,121 
146,408 
Loans to public sector 
12,468 
4,670 
178 
1,319 
794 
19,429 
Total Liabilities 
397,103 
103,529 
53,415 
50,660 
32,133 
636,841 
49,315 
Financial liabilities held for trading and 
designated at fair value through profit or loss 
73,921 
23,801 
2,336 
1,326 
849 
102,233 
(5,695) 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost-Customer 
deposits 
206,428 
54,052 
39,353 
36,874 
9,333 
346,040 
(3,379) 
Of which: 
Demand and savings deposits 
174,789 
43,483 
20,075 
25,832 
3,657 
267,837 
Time deposits 
31,019 
10,444 
19,270 
11,042 
5,676 
77,452 
Total Equity (3) 
13,306 
6,707 
6,170 
4,776 
3,039 
33,999 
16,021 
Assets under management 
62,707 
22,524 
3,425 
13,722 
569 
102,947 
Mutual funds 
38,434 
20,660 
1,087 
4,687 
- 
64,869 
Pension funds 
24,273 
- 
2,337 
9,035 
569 
36,215 
Other placements 
- 
1,863 
- 
- 
- 
1,863 
 
(1) Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments. 
(2) Financial assets designated at fair value includes: "Financial assets held for trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss", "Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income". 
(3) “Total equity” includes adjustments due to changes in the capital allocation model that reflect the new methodology used to allocate capital by 
operating segment based on regulatory capital instead of economic capital, as had previously been used.  
As of December 31, 2019 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey  
South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Total 
Operating 
Segments 
Corporate Center 
and Adjustments 
(1) 
 
                                            (In Millions of Euros) 
 
 
Total Assets 
369,943 
109,087 
64,416 
54,996 
32,891 
631,334 
66,403 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other 
demand deposits 
15,898 
6,492 
5,486 
8,601 
2,853 
39,330 
4,973 
Financial assets designated at fair value (2) 
121,890 
31,402 
5,268 
6,120 
796 
165,476 
4,213 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
195,258 
66,180 
51,285 
37,869 
28,881 
379,473 
59,688 
Loans and advances to customers 
167,332 
58,081 
40,500 
35,701 
26,143 
327,757 
54,603 
Of which: 
Residential mortgages 
73,871 
10,786 
2,928 
7,168 
1,624 
96,377 
Consumer finance 
11,390 
8,683 
5,603 
7,573 
453 
33,703 
Loans 
11,390 
8,683 
5,603 
7,573 
453 
33,703 
Credit cards 
2,213 
5,748 
3,837 
2,239 
8 
14,046 
Loans to enterprises 
57,194 
24,778 
26,552 
16,251 
23,089 
147,864 
Loans to public sector 
13,886 
6,819 
107 
1,368 
724 
22,904 
Total Liabilities 
356,944 
101,980 
57,584 
49,596 
29,947 
596,052 
46,759 
Financial liabilities held for trading and 
designated at fair value through profit or loss 
77,731 
21,784 
2,184 
1,860 
220 
103,779 
(5,089) 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost-
Customer deposits 
182,370 
55,934 
41,335 
36,104 
8,603 
324,346 
59,873

--- Page 233 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
233 
Of which: 
Demand and savings deposits 
150,917 
43,015 
15,737 
22,665 
3,577 
235,911 
Time deposits 
31,453 
12,395 
25,587 
13,439 
5,027 
87,901 
Total Equity (3) 
12,999 
7,107 
6,832 
5,400 
2,944 
35,281 
19,644 
Assets under management 
66,068 
24,464 
3,906 
12,864 
500 
107,803 
Mutual funds 
41,390 
21,929 
1,460 
3,860 
- 
68,639 
Pension funds 
24,678 
- 
2,446 
9,005 
500 
36,630 
Other placements 
- 
2,534 
- 
- 
- 
2,534 
 
(1). Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments.  
(2) Financial assets designated at fair value includes: "Financial assets held for trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss", "Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income".  
(3) “Total equity” includes adjustments due to changes in the capital allocation model that reflect the new methodology used to allocate capital by 
operating segment based on regulatory capital instead of economic capital, as had previously been used.  
 
As of December 31, 2018 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey  
South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Total 
Operating 
Segments 
Corporate Center 
and Adjustments (1) 
 
                                            (In Millions of Euros) 
 
 
Total Assets 
360,041 
97,428 
66,250 
54,373 
27,826 
605,918 
69,758 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other 
demand deposits 
28,545 
8,274 
7,853 
8,987 
2,733 
56,391 
1,805 
Financial assets designated at fair value (2) 
106,307 
26,022 
5,506 
5,634 
600 
144,070 
7,820 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
195,457 
57,709 
50,315 
36,649 
22,046 
362,175 
57,485 
Loans and advances to customers 
170,427 
51,101 
41,478 
34,469 
20,755 
318,231 
55,796 
Of which: 
Residential mortgages 
76,388 
9,197 
3,530 
6,629 
1,829 
97,572 
Consumer finance 
9,665 
7,347 
5,265 
6,900 
410 
29,588 
Loans 
5,564 
2,094 
570 
955 
205 
9,388 
Credit cards 
2,083 
4,798 
3,880 
2,058 
10 
12,829 
Loans to enterprises 
57,306 
22,552 
27,657 
16,897 
17,803 
142,215 
Loans to public sector 
15,379 
5,726 
95 
1,078 
445 
22,724 
Total Liabilities 
347,131 
90,869 
59,172 
49,186 
25,364 
571,721 
51,080 
Financial liabilities held for trading and 
designated at fair value through profit or loss 
70,020 
18,028 
1,852 
1,357 
147 
91,403 
(4,649) 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost-Customer 
deposits 
183,413 
50,530 
39,905 
35,842 
8,049 
317,738 
58,232 
Of which: 
Demand and savings deposits 
142,912 
38,167 
12,530 
23,195 
3,805 
220,608 
Time deposits 
40,072 
11,593 
27,367 
12,817 
4,244 
96,094 
Total Equity (3) 
12,910 
6,559 
7,078 
5,188 
2,461 
34,196 
18,678 
Assets under management 
62,559 
20,647 
2,894 
11,662 
388 
98,150 
Mutual funds 
39,250 
17,733 
669 
3,741 
- 
61,393 
Pension funds 
23,274 
- 
2,225 
7,921 
388 
33,807 
Other placements 
35 
2,914 
- 
- 
- 
2,949

--- Page 234 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
234 
 
(1). Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments.  
(2) Financial assets designated at fair value includes: "Financial assets held for trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss", "Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income".  
(3) “Total equity” includes adjustments due to changes in the capital allocation model that reflect the new methodology used to allocate capital by 
operating segment based on regulatory capital instead of economic capital, as had previously been used.  
 
Spain 
This operating segment includes all of BBVA’s banking and non-banking businesses in Spain, other than those included 
in the Corporate Center. The primary business units included in this operating segment are: 
 
Spanish Retail Network: including individual customers, private banking, small companies and businesses in the 
domestic market; 
 
Corporate and Business Banking: which manages small and medium sized enterprises (“SMEs”), companies 
and corporations and public institutions; 
 
Corporate and Investment Banking: responsible for business with large corporations and multinational groups 
and the trading floor and distribution business in Spain; and 
 
Other units: which includes the insurance business unit in Spain (BBVA Seguros) as well as the Group’s 
shareholding in the bancassurance joint venture with Allianz, Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A., lending 
to real estate developers and foreclosed real estate assets in Spain, as well as certain proprietary portfolios and 
certain funding and structural interest-rate positions of the euro balance sheet which are not included in the 
Corporate Center.  
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits amounted to €38,356 million as of 31 December 2020 
compared with the €15,898 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly due to an increase in cash held at the Bank 
of Spain, with a view to reinforcing the Group’s cash position in light of the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Financial assets designated at fair value of this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: “Financial 
assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss”, “Financial assets 
designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income”) 
amounted to €137,969 million as of 31 December 2020, a 13.2% increase from the €121,890 million recorded as of 31 
December 2019, mainly as a result of the increase in trading derivatives recorded under “Financial assets held for trading” 
due to the positive impact of changes in exchange rates on foreign currency positions and the increase in sovereign debt 
securities recorded under the “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income”.  
Financial assets at amortized cost of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €198,173 million, a 
1.5% increase compared with the €195,258 million recorded as of 31 December 2019. Within this heading, loans and 
advances to customers amounted to €167,998 million as of 31 December 2020, an increase of 0.4% from the €167,332 
million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly as a result of the increase in SMEs and corporate banking credit on the 
back of the measures implemented by the Spanish government in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, and increased 
drawdowns under credit facilities especially in the first quarter, partially offset by the decrease in mortgage loans. 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating segment as of 31 
December 2020 amounted to €73,921 million, a 4.9% decrease compared with the €77,731 million recorded as of 31 
December 2019, mainly due to a decrease in deposits from credit institutions, partially offset by the positive impact of 
changes in exchange rate derivatives on foreign currency positions. 
Customer deposits at amortized cost of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €206,428 million, a 
13.2% increase compared with the €182,370 million recorded as of 31 December 2019 mainly due to the increase in 
demand deposits within the retail portfolio, as a result of the shift from consumption to savings due to the COVID-19 
pandemic. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” and “Pension funds”) as of 31 
December 2020 amounted to €62,707 million, a 5.1% decrease compared with the €66,068 million as of 31 December 
2019, mainly due to the increased volatility and decline in market prices during the period and the resulting shift towards 
deposits. 
This operating segment’s non-performing loan ratio decreased to 4.3% as of 31 December 2020 from 4.4% as of 31 
December 2019, mainly as a result of the increase in retail, SMEs and corporate banking credit facilities on the back of 
the measures implemented by the Spanish government in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the temporary 
moratoria and other relief measures adopted to address the effects thereof. This operating segment’s non-performing loan

--- Page 235 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
235 
coverage ratio increased to 67% as of 31 December 2020 from 60% as of 31 December 2019, as a result mainly of higher 
loss allowances made in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Mexico 
The Mexico operating segment includes the banking and insurance businesses conducted in Mexico by BBVA Mexico. It 
also includes BBVA Mexico’s branch in Houston. 
The Mexican peso depreciated 13.1% against the euro as of 31 December 2020 compared with 31 December 2019, 
adversely affecting the business activity of the Mexico operating segment as of 31 December 2020 expressed in euros.  
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits amounted to €9,161 million as of 31 December 2020 
compared with the €6,492 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly due to an increase in cash and cash 
equivalents held at BANXICO (as defined herein), with a view to reinforcing the Group’s cash position in light of the 
COVID-19 pandemic, offset in part by the depreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro.  
Financial assets designated at fair value of this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: “Financial 
assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss”, “Financial assets 
designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income”) 
as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €36,360 million, a 15.8% increase from the €31,402 million recorded as of 31 
December 2019, mainly due to an increase in sovereign debt securities, offset in part by the depreciation of the Mexican 
peso against the euro.  
Financial assets at amortized cost of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €59,819 million, a 9.6% 
decrease compared with the €66,180 million recorded as of 31 December 2019. Within this heading, loans and advances 
to customers of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €50,002 million, a 13.9% decrease 
compared with the €58,081 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly as a result of the depreciation of the 
Mexican peso against the euro and the decrease in corporate loans and retail portfolios (mainly residential mortgages and 
consumer finance), due to the adverse effect of the COVID-19 pandemic. These effects were partially offset by the partial 
recovery of mortgage loans in the second half of 2020. 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating segment as of 31 
December 2020 amounted to €23,801 million, a 9.3% increase compared with the €21,784 million recorded as of 31 
December 2019, mainly as a result of increases in government agency debt securities, offset in part by the depreciation of 
the Mexican peso against the euro. Customer deposits at amortized cost of this operating segment as of 31 December 
2020 amounted to €54,052 million, a 3.4% decrease compared with the €55,934 million recorded as of 31 December 
2019, primarily due to the depreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” and “Other placements”) as of 31 
December 2020 amounted to €22,524 million, a 7.9% decrease compared with the €24,464 million as of 31 December 
2019, mainly as a result of the depreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro, partially offset by the shift towards 
higher profitability investments such as private banking. 
This operating segment’s non-performing loan ratio increased to 3.3% as of 31 December 2020 from 2.4% as of 31 
December 2019, mainly due to the increase in non-performing loans from the retail portfolio during the fourth quarter of 
2020, following the lifting of the moratoria measures adopted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. This operating 
segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio decreased to 122% as of 31 December 2020 from 136% as of 31 December 
2019. 
Turkey 
This operating segment comprises the activities carried out by Garanti BBVA as an integrated financial services group 
operating in every segment of the banking sector in Turkey, including corporate, commercial, SME, payment systems, 
retail, private and investment banking, together with its subsidiaries in pension and life insurance, leasing, factoring, 
brokerage and asset management, as well as its international subsidiaries in the Netherlands and Romania. 
The Turkish lira depreciated 26.7% against the euro as of 31 December 2020 compared to 31 December 2019, adversely 
affecting the business activity of the Turkey operating segment as of 31 December 2020 expressed in euros.  
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits amounted to €5,477 million as of 31 December 2020, a 
0.2% decrease compared with the €5,486 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly due to the depreciation of the 
Turkish lira against the euro. At constant exchange rates, there was an increase in cash, cash balances at central banks and 
other demand deposits as a result of the increase in cash and cash equivalents held at the Central Bank of the Republic of 
Turkey, with a view to reinforcing the Group’s cash position in light of the COVID-19 pandemic.

--- Page 236 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
236 
Financial assets designated at fair value of this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: “Financial 
assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss”, “Financial assets 
designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income”) 
as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €5,332 million, a 1.2% increase from the €5,268 million recorded as of 31 
December 2019, mainly as a result of the increase in Turkish lira-denominated corporate banking loans as a result of the 
recently launched CGF-Credit Guarantee Fund, which is intended to support SMEs and entrepreneurs and pursuant to 
which loans are provided with Turkish Treasury-backed credit guarantees, partially offset by the depreciation of the 
Turkish lira against the euro. 
Financial assets at amortized cost of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €46,705 million an 
8.9% decrease compared with the €51,285 million recorded as of 31 December 2019. Within this heading, loans and 
advances to customers of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €37,295 million, a 7.9% decrease 
compared with the €40,500 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly due to the depreciation of the Turkish lira 
against the euro, offset, in part, by the increase (in local currency) in loans denominated in Turkish lira and increases in 
the commercial portfolio and in consumer loans (supported by the General Purpose Loans program adopted by the 
Turkish government, which intends to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic). 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating segment as of 31 
December 2020 amounted to €2,336 million, a 7.0% increase compared with the €2,184 million recorded as of 31 
December 2019, mainly due to the increase in derivatives within the trading portfolio, partially offset by the depreciation 
of the Turkish lira. 
Customer deposits at amortized cost of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €39,353 million, a 
4.8% decrease compared with the €41,335 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly due to the depreciation of 
the Turkish lira against the euro, partially offset by the increase in demand deposits and increasing demand for gold 
deposits. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” and “Pension funds”) as of 31 
December 2020 amounted to €3,425 million, a 12.3% decrease compared with the €3,906 million as of 31 December 
2019, mainly due to the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro, partially offset by increases in pension funds (in 
local currency). 
The non-performing loan ratio of this operating segment decreased to 6.6% as of 31 December 2020 from 7.0% as of 31 
December 2019, as a result of the increase in loans denominated in Turkish lira, increases in the commercial portfolio and 
in consumer loans (in local currency) and, to a lesser extent, increases in write offs in the fourth quarter of 2020. This 
operating segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio increased to 80% as of 31 December 2020 from 75% as of 31 
December 2019, mainly due to higher loss allowances made in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and, to a lesser 
extent, certain specific clients in the commercial portfolio. 
South America 
The South America operating segment includes the Group’s banking and insurance businesses in the region. 
The main business units included in the South America operating segment are: 
 
Retail and Corporate Banking: includes banks in Argentina, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay and Venezuela. 
 
Insurance: includes insurance businesses in Argentina, Colombia and Venezuela. 
The sale of BBVA Paraguay closed in January 2021.  
As of 31 December 2020, the Argentine peso, the Colombian peso and the Peruvian sol depreciated against the euro 
compared to 31 December 2019, by 34.8%, 12.6% and 16.3%, respectively. Changes in exchanges rates have adversely 
affected the business activity of the South America operating segment as of 31 December 2020 expressed in euros.  
As of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Argentine and Venezuelan economies were considered to 
be hyperinflationary as defined by IAS 29. 
Financial assets designated at fair value for this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: “Financial 
assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss”, “Financial assets 
designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income”) 
as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €7,329 million, a 19.7% increase compared with the €6,120 million recorded as of 
31 December 2019, attributable in part to the increase in the fair value of debt securities issued by the Peruvian 
government held by the segment and increases in purchases of debt securities issued by the Central Bank of the Argentine 
Republic (BCRA) in Argentina in connection to the COVID-19 pandemic and held by the segment. The increase was

--- Page 237 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
237 
offset in part by the depreciation of the currencies of the main countries where the BBVA Group operates within this 
operating segment against the euro. 
Financial assets at amortized cost of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €38,549 million, a 1.8% 
increase compared with the €37,869 million recorded as of 31 December 2019. Within this heading, loans and advances 
to customers of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €33,615 million, a 5.8% decrease compared 
with the €35,701 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly as a result of the depreciation of the currencies of the 
main countries where the BBVA Group operates within this operating segment against the euro, partially offset by the 
increase in wholesale loans, particularly in Peru (supported by the “Reactiva Plan” adopted in response to the COVID-19 
pandemic), the increase in credit cards loans, in particular in Argentina, and increases in the retail portfolio (in each case, 
in local currency).  
Customer deposits at amortized cost of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €36,874 million, a 
2.1% increase compared with the €36,104 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly as a result of increases in 
demand deposits due to the measures established by the respective central banks in the region in order to inject liquidity 
into their economies (as part of the funds provided thereunder have been invested as deposits), and the shift from 
consumption to savings due to the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by the depreciation of the currencies of the main 
countries where the BBVA Group operates within this operating segment against the euro. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” and “Pension funds”) as of 31 
December 2020 amounted to €13,722 million, a 6.7% increase compared with the €12,864 million as of 31 December 
2019, mainly due to the recovery in mutual funds, after the temporary outflow of resources due to market instability, 
during the second half of 2020, partially offset by the depreciation of the currencies of the main countries where the 
BBVA Group operates within this operating segment against the euro. 
The non-performing loan ratio of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 stood at 4.4%. The non-
performing loan ratio as of 31 December 2020 was positively affected by the temporary moratoria and other relief 
measures adopted to address the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. This operating segment’s non-performing loan 
coverage ratio increased to 110% as of 31 December 2020, from 100% as of 31 December 2019, mainly due to an 
increase in the balance of provisions in Colombia and Peru in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Rest of Business 
This operating segment includes the wholesale activity carried out by the Group in Europe, excluding Spain, and the 
United States through the New York branch, as well as the institutional business that the Group develops in the United 
States through its broker-dealer BBVA Securities Inc. It also includes the banking business developed through the five 
BBVA branches located in Asia (in Taipei, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore and Shanghai).  
Financial assets designated at fair value for this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: “Financial 
assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss”, “Financial assets 
designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income”) 
as of December 31, 2020 amounted to €1,470 million, an 84.7% increase compared with the €796 million recorded as of 
December 31, 2019, mainly due to increased activity of the New York branch, which led to an increase in “Financial 
assets held for trading”. 
Financial assets at amortized cost of this operating segment as of December 31, 2020 amounted to €27,213 million, a 
5.8% decrease compared with the €28,881 million recorded as of December 31, 2019. Within this heading, loans and 
advances to customers of this operating segment as of December 31, 2020 amounted to €24,015 million, an 8.1% 
decrease compared with the €26,143 million recorded as of December 31, 2019, mainly as a result of a reduction in loans 
to corporate clients. 
Customer deposits at amortized cost of this operating segment as of December 31, 2020 amounted to €9,333 million, an 
8.5% increase compared with the €8,603 million recorded as of December 31, 2019 mainly due to the increase in time 
deposits in the New York branch.  
Pension funds in this operating segment as of December 31, 2020 amounted to €569 million, a 13.8% increase compared 
with the €500 million recorded as of December 31, 2019, mainly due to increased sales of a multi-strategic product 
launched in 2019. 
The non-performing loan ratio of this operating segment as of December 31, 2020 decreased to 1.0% from 1.2% as of 
December 31, 2019. This operating segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio increased to 109% as of December 31, 
2020, from 88% as of December 31, 2019, mainly due to the higher loss allowances made in response to the COVID-19 
pandemic.

--- Page 238 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
238 
Organisational Structure  
The companies comprising the BBVA Group are principally domiciled in the following countries: Argentina, Bolivia, 
Chile, Colombia, France, Germany, Italy, Mexico, Netherlands, Peru, Portugal, Romania, Spain, Switzerland, Turkey, 
United Kingdom, the United States of America and Uruguay. In addition, BBVA has an active presence in Asia.  
Below is a simplified organizational chart of BBVA's most significant subsidiaries as of 31 December 2020. 
Subsidiary 
Country of 
Incorporation 
Activity 
BBVA Voting 
Power 
BBVA 
Ownership 
Total Assets 
(1) 
 
 
(in Percentages) 
(In Millions 
of Euros) 
BBVA MEXICO 
MEXICO 
Bank 
100.00 
100.00 
97,518 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GARANTI BBVA AS 
TURKEY 
Bank 
49.85 
49.85 
52,319 
BBVA PERU 
PERU 
Bank 
92.24 (2) 
46.12 
23,891 
BBVA SEGUROS S.A. DE SEGUROS Y REASEGUROS 
SPAIN 
Insurance 
99.96 
99.96 
17,601 
BBVA COLOMBIA S.A. 
COLOMBIA 
Bank 
95.47 
95.47 
15,573 
BANCO BBVA ARGENTINA S.A. 
ARGENTINA 
Bank 
66.55 
66.55 
6,553 
SEGUROS BBVA BANCOMER S.A. DE C.V., GRUPO 
FINANCIERO BBVA BANCOMER 
MEXICO 
Insurance 
100.00 
100.00 
5,391 
PENSIONES BBVA BANCOMER, S.A. DE C.V., GRUPO 
FINANCIERO BBVA BANCOMER 
MEXICO 
Insurance 
100.00 
100.00 
4,815 
GARANTIBANK BBVA INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
THE 
NETHERLANDS 
Bank 
49.85 
100.00 
3,398 
(1) Information for non-EU subsidiaries has been calculated using the prevailing exchange rates on 31 December 2020. 
(2) Subject to certain exceptions. 
Selected Financial Data 
The historical financial information set forth below for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 has been 
selected from, and should be read together with, the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
Consolidated Statement of Income Data 
 
 
Year ended 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Net interest income 
14,592 
15,789 
15,285 
Net profit 
2,060 
4,345 
6,227 
Net profit attributable to parent company 
1,305 
3,512 
5,400 
 
Consolidated Statement of Income Data 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Total assets 
736,176 
697,737 
675,675 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
367,668 
439,162 
419,660 
Customers' deposits 
342,661 
384,219 
375,970 
Debt certificates and other financial liabilities 
66,311 
68,619 
63,970 
Non-controlling interests 
5,471 
6,201 
5,764 
Total equity 
50,020 
54,925 
52,874

--- Page 239 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
239 
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT  
BBVA is managed by a Board of Directors which, in accordance with its current by-laws (Estatutos), must consist of no 
less than 5 and no more than 15 members. All members of the Board of Directors are elected to serve three-year terms. 
BBVA's Board of Directors' Regulations state that the Board of Directors must try to ensure that there is an ample 
majority of non-executive directors over the number of executive directors on the Board of Directors.  
BBVA's corporate governance system is based on the distribution of functions between the Board of Directors, the 
Executive Committee (Comisión Delegada Permanente) and other specialised Board Committees, namely: the Audit 
Committee; the Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee; the Remunerations Committee; the Risk and 
Compliance Committee; and the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee. BBVA's Board of Directors are assisted in 
fulfilling its responsibilities by the Executive Committee. The Executive Committee will deal with those matters of the 
Board of Directors that the Board agrees to delegate to it, in accordance with the law, the Bylaws, the Board of Directors' 
Regulations or its own Regulations approved by the Board of Directors.  
 
Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors of BBVA currently comprises 15 members. The business address of the Directors of BBVA is 
Calle Azul, 4, 28050 Madrid. 
BBVA may, from time to time, enter into transactions in the ordinary course of its business, and on an arm's length basis, 
with the Directors. 
BBVA's Board of Directors' Regulations includes rules which are designed to prevent situations where a potential conflict 
of interest may arise. These Regulations provide, among other matters, that directors must refrain from participating in 
deliberations and votes on resolutions or decisions in which they or a related party may have a direct or indirect conflict 
of interest. Accordingly, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or other duties of the 
directors and their duties to BBVA. 
The following table sets forth the names of the members of the Board of Directors as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
their date of appointment and re-election, if applicable, their current positions and their present principal outside 
occupation and employment history. 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Present Principal Outside 
Occupation and Employment 
History(*) 
Carlos Torres Vila (1)(6) 
1966 
Group Executive 
Chairman 
4 May 2015 
15 March 2019 
Chairman of the Board of Directors and 
Group Executive Chairman of BBVA 
since December 2018. Chairman of the 
Executive 
Committee 
and 
of 
the 
Technology 
and 
Cybersecurity 
Committee. Director of Grupo Financiero 
BBVA Bancomer, S.A. de C.V. and 
BBVA Bancomer S.A., Institución de 
Banca 
Múltiple, 
Grupo 
Financiero 
BBVA 
Bancomer. 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer of BBVA from May 2015 until 
his appointment as Chairman. He started 
at BBVA in September 2008 holding 
senior management posts such as Head of 
Digital Banking from March 2014 to 
May 2015 and BBVA Strategy & 
Corporate Development Director from 
January 2009 to March 2014. 
Onur Genç (1) 
1974 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
20 
December 
2018 
15 March 2019 
Chief Executive Officer of BBVA since 
December 2018. Director of BBVA USA 
Bancshares, 
Inc., 
Grupo 
Financiero 
BBVA Bancomer, S.A. de C.V. and

--- Page 240 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
240 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Present Principal Outside 
Occupation and Employment 
History(*) 
BBVA Bancomer S.A., Institución de 
Banca 
Múltiple, 
Grupo 
Financiero 
BBVA Bancomer. Chairman and CEO of 
BBVA USA and BBVA's Country 
Manager in the USA from January 2017 
to December 2018. Deputy CEO at 
Garanti BBVA between 2015 and 2017 
and Executive Vice President at Garanti 
BBVA between 2012 and 2015. 
José 
Miguel 
Andrés 
Torrecillas(1)(2)(3) 
1955 
Deputy 
Chair; 
Independent Director 
13 March 2015 
20 April 2021 
Deputy Chair of the Board of Directors 
of BBVA since April 2019 and Chairman 
of the Appointments and Corporate 
Governance Committee. Director of 
Zardoya Otis, S.A. Chairman of Ernst & 
Young Spain from 2004 to 2014, where 
he was a partner since 1987 and also held 
a series of senior offices, including 
Managing Partner of the Banking Group 
from 1989 to 2004 and Managing 
Director of the Audit and Advisory 
practices at Ernst & Young Italy and 
Portugal from 2008 to 2013. 
Jaime 
Félix 
Caruana 
Lacorte(1)(2)(5) 
1952 
Independent Director 
16 March 2018 
20 April 2021 
Chairman of the Audit Committee since 
April 2019. Member of the Group of 
Thirty (G-30) Sponsor (patrono) of the 
Spanish Aspen Institute Foundation. 
President of the International Center for 
Monetary and Banking Studies’ (ICMB) 
Foundation Board and Member of the 
China Banking and Insurance Regulatory 
Commission’s 
(CBIRC) 
International 
Advisory Committee. General Manager 
of the Bank of International Settlements 
(BIS) between 2009 and 2017. Between 
2006 and 2009 he was Head of the 
Monetary, Capital Markets Department 
and Financial Counselor and General 
Manager at the International Monetary 
Fund (IMF),and he was Chair of the 
Basel's Banking Supervision Committee 
between 2003 and 2006. 
Raúl Catarino Galamba 
de Oliveira (5)(6) 
1964 
Independent Director 
13 March 2020 
Not applicable 
Independent Chair of the Board of 
Director of CTT- Correios de Portugal, 
S.A. and non-executive director of José 
de Mello Saúde and José de Mello 
Capital. His career path has been mainly 
linked to McKinsey & Company, where 
he was appointed partner in 1995, 
Director of the Portugal office in 2000, 
Managing Partner of Global Risk practice 
between 2013 and 2016, member of the 
Global Shareholders' Board from 2005 
and 2011, member of the Global Partner 
Election and Evaluation Committees 
between 2001 and 2017, member of the 
Remuneration Committee from 2005 to 
2013 and Chairman of the Global 
Learning Board from 2006 to 2011.

--- Page 241 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
241 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Present Principal Outside 
Occupation and Employment 
History(*) 
Belén 
Garijo 
López(2)(3)(4) 
1960 
Independent Director 
16 March 2012 
20 April 2021 
 
Chair of the Remunerations Committee. 
Chair of the Executive Board and CEO of 
Merck Group,, member of the Board of 
Directors of L'Oréal and, since 2011, 
Chair 
of 
the 
International 
Senior 
Executive Committee of PhRMA, ISEC 
(Pharmaceutical 
Research 
and 
Manufacturers of America). Previously, 
she 
was 
President 
of 
Commercial 
Operations for Europe and Canada at 
Sanofi Aventis. 
Sunir Kumar Kapoor(6) 
1963 
Independent Director 
11 March 2016 
15 March 2019 
Operating partner at Atlantic Bridge 
Capital, independent director at Stratio 
Big Data, non-executive director at Deep 
Image Analytics, Inc. and advisor to 
mCloud. He was President and CEO of 
UBmatrix Inc from 2005 to 2011. 
Executive Vice President and CMO of 
Cassatt Corporation from 2004 to 2005. 
Oracle 
Corporation, 
Vice 
President 
Collaboration Suite from 2002 to 2004. 
Founder and CEO of Tsola Inc from 
1999 to 2001. President and CEO of E-
Stamp Corporation from 1996 to 1999. 
Vice President of Strategy, Marketing 
and Planning of Oracle Corporation from 
1994 to 1996. 
Lourdes 
Máiz 
Carro(2)(4) 
1959 
Independent Director 
14 March 2014 
13 March 2020 
Secretary of the Board of Directors and 
Director of Legal Services at Iberia, 
Líneas Aéreas de España from 2001 until 
2016. Joined the Spanish State Counsel 
Corps (Cuerpo de Abogados del Estado) 
and from 1992 until 1993 she was 
Deputy to the Director in the Ministry of 
Public Administration. From 1993 to 
2001 held various senior positions in the 
Public Administration, including Director 
of the Cabinet of the Assistant Secretary 
of Public Administration and General 
Director of the Sociedad Estatal de 
Participaciones Patrimoniales (SEPPA) 
within the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance. 
José 
Maldonado 
Ramos(1)(3) 
1952 
External Director 
28 
January 
2000 
20 April 2021 
Appointed 
Director 
and 
General 
Secretary of BBVA in January 2000. 
Took early retirement as Bank executive 
in December 2009. Previously, he was 
Board Secretary and Director of Legal 
Services for Empresa Nacional para el 
Desarrollo de la Industria Alimentaria, 
S.A. (Endiasa); Astilleros Españoles, 
S.A.; and Iberia, Líneas Aéreas de 
España, S.A. 
Ana 
Cristina 
Peralta 
Moreno(2)(4) 
1961 
Independent Director 
16 March 2018 
20 April 2021 
Independent 
director 
of 
Grenergy 
Renovables, S.A. and of Inmobiliaria 
Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. and member of 
the Professional Board of ESADE 
Independent director at Deutsche Bank

--- Page 242 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
242 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Present Principal Outside 
Occupation and Employment 
History(*) 
SAE from 2014 to 2018; independent 
director at Banco Etcheverría, S.A. 
between 2013 and 2014. Previously, she 
was General Director of Risks and 
Member of the Management Committee 
of Banco Pastor, S.A. and she held 
several positions at Bankinter, S.A. 
including Chief Risk Officer and member 
of the Management Committee. 
Juan 
Pi 
Llorens(3)(5)(6)(7) 
1950 
Independent Director 
27 July 2011 
20 April 2021 
 
Lead Director of BBVA since April 2019 
and 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Risk 
and 
Compliance Committee. Chairman of the 
Board of Directors of Ecolumber, S.A. 
and non-executive director at Oesía 
Networks, S.L. and at Tecnobit, S.L.U. 
Had a professional career at IBM holding 
various senior posts at a national and 
international 
level 
including 
Vice 
President for Sales at IBM Europe from 
2005 
to 
2008, 
Vice 
President 
of 
Technology & Systems Group at IBM 
Europe from 2008 to 2010 and Vice 
President of the Finance Services Sector 
at GMU (Growth Markets Units) in 
China from 2009 to 2011. He was 
executive 
President 
of 
IBM 
Spain 
between 1998 and 2001. 
 
Ana Leonor Revenga 
Shanklin(5) 
1963 
Independent Director 
13 March 2020 
Not applicable 
Senior 
Fellow 
at 
the 
Brookings 
Institution 
since 
2018, 
Associate 
Professor at the Walsh School of Foreign 
Service at Georgetown University since 
2019 and Chair of the ISEAK Foundation 
Board of Trustees since 2018. Her career 
path has been mainly linked to World 
Bank, where she has held various senior 
posts, including Senior Global Director 
of Poverty and Equity between 2014 and 
2016 and Deputy Chief Economist 
between 2016 and 2017. 
 
Susana 
Rodríguez 
Vidarte(1)(3)(5) 
1955 
External Director 
28 May 2002 
13 March 2020 
Professor of Strategy at the Faculty of 
Economics and Business Sciences at 
Universidad de Deusto. She was Dean of 
the Faculty of Economics and Business 
Administration of the University of 
Deusto from 1996 to 2009, Director of 
the Instituto Internacional de Dirección 
de Empresas (INSIDE) from 2003 to 
2008 and Director of the Postgraduate 
Area from 2009 to 2012. Doctor in 
Economic and Business Sciences from 
Universidad de Deusto. 
 
Carlos Vicente Salazar 
Lomelín(4) 
1951 
External Director 
13 March 2020 
Not applicable 
Chairman 
of 
Mexico's 
Business 
Coordinating Council since 2019 and 
independent director to Sukarne, S.A. de 
C.V. and Alsea, S.A.B. de C.V. since 
2017 and 2019, respectively. Director of 
Grupo Financiero BBVA Bancomer, S.A. 
de C.V. and of BBVA Bancomer, S.A.,

--- Page 243 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
243 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Present Principal Outside 
Occupation and Employment 
History(*) 
Institución de Banca Múltiple, Grupo 
Financiero BBVA Bancomer. His career 
path has been linked to the Grupo 
Fomento Económico Mexicano S.A.B. de 
C.V. (Femsa) until 2019, having held 
roles such as General Manager of 
Cervecería Cuauhtémoc-Moctezuma and 
General Manager of Femsa from 2014 to 
2017. 
 
Jan Paul Marie Francis 
Verplancke (4)(6) 
1963 
Independent Director 
16 March 2018 
20 April 2021 
Director, Chief Information Officer, 
Group Head of Technology and Banking 
Operations, of Standard Chartered Bank, 
between 2004 and 2015. Before that, he 
held several positions in multinational 
companies, such as Vice President of 
Technology 
and 
Chief 
Information 
Officer, in the EMEA region of Dell 
(1999-2004). 
 
(*) Where no date is provided, the position is currently held. 
(1) Member of the Executive Committee.  
(2) Member of the Audit Committee.  
(3) Member of the Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee. 
(4) Member of the Remunerations Committee. 
(5) Member of the Risk and Compliance Committee. 
(6) Member of the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee. 
(7) Lead Director.  
 
Major Shareholders and Share Capital  
On May 8, 2020, Norges Bank reported that it had voting power over 3.366% of BBVA’s common stock, of which 
3.235% were voting rights attributed to shares, and 0.131% voting rights through financial instruments. 
On January 28, 2021, Blackrock, Inc. reported to the SEC that it beneficially owned 5.8% of BBVA’s common stock. 
On February 8, 2021, GQG Partners LLC reported that it directly had voting power over 3.090% of BBVA’s common 
stock (all voting rights were attributed to shares). 
As of February 23, 2021, no other person, corporation or government beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, five 
percent or more of BBVA’s shares. BBVA’s major shareholders do not have voting rights which are different from those 
held by the rest of its shareholders. To the extent known to us, BBVA is not controlled, directly or indirectly, by any other 
corporation, government or any other natural or legal person. As of February 23, 2021, there were 870,540 registered 
holders of BBVA’s shares, with an aggregate of 6,667,886,580 shares, of which 729 shareholders with registered 
addresses in the United States held a total of 1,703,004,805 shares (including shares represented by American Depositary 
Shares evidenced by American Depositary Receipts (“ADRs”)). Since certain of such shares and ADRs are held by 
nominees, the foregoing figures are not representative of the number of beneficial holders. 
Legal Proceedings  
The Guarantor and its subsidiaries are involved in a number of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings, including 
legal claims and proceedings, civil and criminal regulatory proceedings, governmental investigations and proceedings, tax 
proceedings and other proceedings in jurisdictions around the world. Legal and regulatory actions and proceedings are 
subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes, including the timing thereof, the amount of fines or the form of any 
settlements, or changes in business practices the Group may need to introduce as a result thereof, any of which may be 
material, are often difficult to predict, particularly in the early stages of a particular legal or regulatory matter. 
As of the date hereof, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries are involved in a number of legal and regulatory actions and 
proceedings in various jurisdictions around the world (including, among others, Spain, Mexico and the United States), the 
adverse resolution of which may adversely affect the Group. See "Risk Factors -The Group is party to a number of legal 
and regulatory actions and proceedings”, "Risk Factors—The Spanish judicial authorities are carrying out a criminal 
investigation relating to the possible bribery, revelation of secrets and corruption by BBVA”.

--- Page 244 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
244 
The Group can provide no assurance that the legal and regulatory actions and proceedings to which it is subject, or to 
which it may become subject in the future or otherwise affected by, will not, if resolved adversely, result in a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position or results of operations.

--- Page 245 ---
TAXATION 
 
245 
TAXATION 
General 
Transactions involving Warrants including the purchase, ownership, disposition and exercise of Warrants may have 
tax consequences for potential purchasers which may depend, amongst other things, upon the conditions applicable to 
the particular issue of Warrants, the status and circumstances of the potential purchaser and the applicable law and 
practice of taxation authorities in relevant jurisdictions. 
 
POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHO ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE TAX POSITION IN RESPECT OF 
ANY ASPECT OF TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING WARRANTS OR THE OWNERSHIP OF WARRANTS 
SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS 
Potential purchasers of Warrants should note that they may be required to pay stamp taxes and other charges in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the country of purchase or other relevant jurisdictions, depending upon the 
circumstances, in addition to the issue price of each Security. 
Each potential purchaser of Warrants should carefully consider General Condition 6 (Taxation) 
The following comments are of a general nature. They do not constitute legal or tax advice; they are not exhaustive 
and should be treated with appropriate caution. 
 
Preliminary consideration: Tax residence of the Issuer 
The Issuer is incorporated as a private company with limited liability under the laws of the Netherlands. On the basis 
of section 2 subsection 4 Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act l969, a company which is incorporated under Dutch law, 
is considered to be resident of the Netherlands for Dutch domestic tax purposes. This notwithstanding, the effective 
management of the company is currently carried out from Spain, since the key management and commercial 
decisions that are necessary to conduct the entity’s business are taken from Spain. On the basis of such circumstance, 
the Issuer is also regarded as resident in Spain for tax purposes, as provided by Law 27/2014, of 27 November 2014 
of the Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades). 
Under this scenario in which the Issuer is resident for tax purposes both in Spain and in the Netherlands, the 
provisions contained in the Convention between The Netherlands and Spain for the Avoidance of Double Taxation 
with respect to Taxes on Income and on Net Wealth (the “Convention”) apply. The Convention was ratified by 
Instrument made in Madrid on 16 June 1971 and was published on the Spanish National Gazette on 16 October 1972. 
Pursuant to section 4 of the Convention (which deals with the general criteria followed by the Convention to consider 
a person as a resident of a Contracting State), an entity which is a resident of both Spain and the Netherlands is 
considered to be a resident of the State in which the place of its effective management is located (i.e., Spain). 
 
Responsibility for Withholding 
Payments in respect of Warrants will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of 
Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax. However, 
if the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law in case 
B as defined in “Spanish Taxation” of Section “Taxation”, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will 
(subject to certain exceptions described in General Conditions 6) pay such additional amounts as will result in the 
holders of Warrants receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect of such Warrants had no such 
withholding or deduction been required. 
 
Spanish Taxation 
The following summary refers solely to certain Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of the Warrants. The tax consequences described in this section are based on the general assumption that 
the Warrants are initially registered for clearance and settlement in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the Warrants and does not purport to 
deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which might be subject to special 
rules. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors as to the consequences under the tax laws of the 
country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Spain of acquiring, holding and disposing of 
Warrants and receiving any payments under the Warrants. This summary is based upon the Spanish State law as in 
effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Regional tax laws may alter the consequences outlined in this summary in certain circumstances. References in this

--- Page 246 ---
TAXATION 
 
246 
section to Noteholders include the beneficial owners of the Warrants. 
The provisions of sub-section (A) below shall apply to a Series of Warrants if Condition 6(b) is specified as being 
applicable in the Issue Terms in respect of such Series: 
(A) 
The acquisition of the Warrants is exempt from Transfer and Stamp Tax (Impuesto sobre Transmisiones 
Patrimoniales y Actos Jurídicos Documentados) and Value Added Tax (Impuesto sobre el Valor Añadido). 
 
1. 
Spanish resident individuals 
(a) 
Personal Income Tax 
In the case of holders who are personal income tax (“Personal Income Tax”) taxpayers, the tax regime applicable to 
income deriving from the Warrants is regulated in Law 35/2006, of 28 November on Personal Income Tax (“Law 
35/2006”) as amended by Law 26/2014 of November 28, 2014 and in Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March as 
amended by Royal Decree 1003/2014 of December 5, 2014 approving the Personal Income Tax regulations. 
In relation to the income deriving from the Warrants, the Issuer is of the opinion that an issue of Warrants will not 
represent the obtaining and use of third party capital and, therefore will not be a source of income obtained from the 
transfer of own capital to third parties as defined in Article 25.2 of Law 35/2006 as amended by Law 26/2014 of 
November 28, 2014. 
The price paid for the subscription of a Warrant or its acquisition in a secondary market will be treated as its 
acquisition value. 
Income deriving from the transfer of the Warrant will qualify as a capital gain or loss. The amount will be determined 
as the difference between the acquisition value (including related taxes and expenses) of the relevant Warrant and the 
transfer price (net from any taxes and expenses related to the transfer provided that they have been paid by the 
transferor) of such Warrant. 
If the Warrant is exercised, the income obtained, calculated as the difference between the amount received and the 
acquisition value of the Warrant, will be treated as a capital gain and should be included, in the savings income (base 
del ahorro), and taxable, at the rate of 19% on any income up to EUR 6,000, 21% from EUR 6,000.01 to 50,000; and 
23% from EUR 50,000.01 to 200,000 and 26% over EUR 200,000 . . 
If the Warrant is not exercised at maturity, the investor will obtain a capital loss calculated as the acquisition value of 
the Warrant. 
Capital loss obtained may be offset against any capital gain obtained during the tax period included in the Saving 
Income Base. The excess, if any, may be offset against the other incomes included in such Base with a limit of 25%. 
The excess, if any, may be offset in the same order within the following four years. 
Any capital loss obtained from the Warrants would not be offsettable if the investor acquires homogeneous securities 
within the two months period after or before the transfer of the Warrant. 
Income deriving from the Warrants will not be subject to any withholding or deduction for or on account of Spanish 
taxes. 
(b) 
Wealth Tax 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax on tax year 2021 to the extent that their net worth 
exceeds €700,000. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Warrants which they hold as at 31 
December 2021. 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Wealth Tax 
would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights 
located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory, exceed 
€700,000 would be subject to Wealth Tax at the applicable rates, ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 2.5 per cent., 
without prejudice of any exemption that should be applicable and the laws and regulations in force in each 
Autonomous Region. 
As a consequence of the European Court of Justice Judgment (Case C-127/12), the Wealth Tax Law has been 
amended by Law 26/2014. As a result, non-Spanish tax resident individuals who are residents in the EU or in the 
European Economic Area can apply the legislation of the region in which the highest value of the assets and rights 
of the individuals are located. 
(c) 
Legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax.Inheritance and Gift Tax

--- Page 247 ---
TAXATION 
 
247 
The transfer of the Warrants to individuals by inheritance, legacy or donation shall be subject to the general rules of 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) in accordance with the applicable Spanish and 
State rules even if title passes outside Spain and neither the heir nor the beneficiary, as the case may be, is 
resident in Spain for tax purposes, without prejudice to the provisions of any DTT signed by Spain. 
The effective tax rates, after applying all relevant factors, range between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. 
However, the Judgment from the European Court of Justice dated 3 September 2014 has declared that Spanish 
Inheritance and Gift Tax Law is against the principle of free movement of capital within the EU as the Spanish 
residents are granted tax benefits that, in practice, allow them to pay much lower taxes than non residents. According 
to Law 26/2014, it will be possible to apply tax benefits approved in some Spanish regions to EU residents following 
specific rules. 
In the event that the beneficiary is an entity other than a natural person, the income obtained shall be subject to 
Corporate Income Tax or Non-Resident Income Tax, as the case may be, and without prejudice, in the latter event, 
to the provisions of any DTT that may apply. 
 
2. 
Spanish resident legal entities 
(a) 
Corporate Income Tax 
In the case of Warrantholders subject to corporate income tax (“Corporate Income Tax”), the applicable tax regime 
is governed by the Law 27/2014 of November 28, 2014 approving the consolidated text of the Corporate Income Tax 
Law and in Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July approving the Corporate Income Tax regulations. 
The price paid for the acquisition of a Warrant will not have the condition of a tax-deductible expense and will be 
treated as the acquisition value of the relevant Warrant. Likewise, the price paid for a Warrant in the secondary 
market will be treated as its acquisition value. 
If the Warrant is transferred, the accounting result deriving from such transfer, computed as the difference between 
the acquisition value (net of any provision) and the transfer price will be treated as income subject to Corporate 
Income Tax in accordance with the general rules. 
If the Warrant is exercised, the income obtained, calculated as the difference between the amount received and the 
acquisition value of the Warrant, will be treated as taxable income and taxed at the general applicable tax rate (25%). 
If the exercise or a Warrant results in the delivery of shares, no taxation would result for the investor. 
If the Warrant is not exercised at maturity, the investor will obtain a negative income calculated as the acquisition 
value of the Warrant. 
Income deriving from the Warrants will not be subject to any withholding or deduction for or on account of Spanish 
taxes. 
(b) 
Wealth Tax 
Legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Legal entities with tax residence in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Warrants by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax and must include the market value of the Warrants in their 
taxable income for Corporate Income Tax purposes. 
 
3. 
Non Spanish resident investors 
(a) 
Non-Residents Income Tax 
In case of Warrantholders subject to non residents income tax (“Non Residents Income Tax”), the applicable tax 
regime is governed by Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March as amended by Law 26/2014 of November 28, 
2014 approving the consolidated text of the Non Residents Income Tax Law and in Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 
July approving the Non Residents Income Tax regulations as amended by Royal Decree 1003/2014 of December 5, 
2014. 
(i) 
Investors not operating through a permanent establishment in Spain: The price paid for the 
subscription of the Warrant or its acquisition in a secondary market will be considered as its acquisition value. 
Income deriving from the transfer of the Warrant will qualify as a capital gain or loss. The amount will be determined 
as the difference between the acquisition value (including related taxes and expenses) of the relevant Warrant and the

--- Page 248 ---
TAXATION 
 
248 
transfer price (net from any taxes and expenses related to the transfer provided that they have been paid by the 
transferor) of such Warrant. 
If the Warrant is exercised, the income obtained, calculated as the difference between the amount received and the 
acquisition value of the Warrant, will be treated as a capital gain. If the exercise of a Warrant results in the delivery of 
shares, no taxation would result for the investor. 
As a general rule, any capital gain will be taxable at the general rate of 19%. However, if the investor is resident in a 
country with which Spain has signed a double tax treaty containing an exchange of information clause, income 
deriving from the transfer or exercise of the Warrant carried out in any of the Spanish official secondary stock 
markets will be exempt from taxation in Spain subject to the relevant formalities. 
Moreover, if an investor is resident in a Member State of the European Union not qualified as a tax haven for Spanish 
tax purposes (as defined in Royal Decree 1080/1991, of 5 July) and does not obtain the income through a permanent 
establishment located in Spain, the capital gain obtained from the transfer or exercise of the Warrant will be 
exempt from taxation in Spain. 
(ii) 
Investors operating through a permanent establishment in Spain: In the case of a non-resident investor 
operating through a permanent establishment in Spain, the income will be subject to Non Residents Income Tax in 
accordance with Corporate Income Tax rules. 
In both cases 3(a)(i) and 3(a)(ii) above, income deriving from the Warrants will not be subject to any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of Spanish taxes. 
(b) 
Wealth Tax 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Wealth Tax 
would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights 
located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory exceed 
€700,000 would be subject to Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 2.5%. Non-Spanish 
resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Individuals who do not have tax residence in Spain and who acquire ownership or other rights over the Warrants by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the applicable regional or 
State rules to the extent that the Warrants are located in Spain or the rights deriving from them can be exercised in 
Spanish territory. 
Individuals who are resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to 
Inheritance and Gift Tax will generally not be subject to inheritance and gift tax. 
Non resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Warrants by inheritance, gift or legacy 
are not subject to Inheritance and Gift Tax but to Non Residents Income Tax. 
 
4. 
Payments made by the Guarantor 
The payment of any Cash Settlement Amount and/or the delivery of any Entitlement by the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee may be made or delivered free and clear of withholding or deduction on account of Spanish taxes either (i) 
if such distribution is characterised as an indemnity under Spanish law or (ii) if the Spanish Tax Authorities take the 
view that the Guarantor has effectively assumed the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants (whether 
contractually or by any other means) since distributions by the Guarantor would then be subject to the same tax 
rules as described above in relation to distributions by the Issuer. 
THE ABOVEMENTIONED TAXATION CONSIDERATIONS SHALL BE APPLICABLE UNLESS, 
ACCORDING TO CERTAIN CRITERIA ISSUED BY THE SPANISH TAX AUTHORITIES, A 
PARTICULAR WARRANT CAN NOT BE CONSIDERED AS AN OPTION FOR SPANISH TAX 
PURPOSES BUT AS A FINANCIAL ASSET. SHOULD THIS BE THE CASE, ANY GAIN OR LOSS 
DERIVING FROM THE WARRANT WILL QUALIFY AS INCOME OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF 
THIRD PARTY CAPITAL RATHER THAN A CAPITAL GAIN OR LOSS. DUE TO THE RESTRICTIONS 
OF SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE OF THE WARRANTS (as defined under

--- Page 249 ---
TAXATION 
 
249 
“Subscription and Sale—Spain”), THIS KIND OF WARRANTS COULD BE VALID ONLY FOR NON 
RESIDENT WARRANTHOLDERS. IN THIS CASE, THE SPANISH TAXATION APPLICABLE SHALL BE 
PARAGRAPH (B) BELOW AND THIS WILL BE SPECIFIED IN THE ISSUE TERMS. 
(B) 
Alternative Spanish Tax Treatment 
The provisions of this sub-section (B) shall apply to a Series of Warrants if Condition 7(c) is specified as being 
applicable in the Issue Terms in respect of such Series: 
 
Acquisition of the Warrants 
The issue of, subscription for, transfer and acquisition of the Warrants is exempt from Transfer and Stamp Tax 
(Impuesto sobre Transmisiones Patrimoniales y Actos Jurídicos Documentados) and Value Added Tax (Impuesto 
sobre el Valor Añadido). 
Taxation on the income and transfer of the Warrants 
The tax treatment of the acquisition, holding and subsequent transfer of the Warrants is summarised below and is 
based on the tax regime applicable to the Warrants pursuant to Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004 of 5 March 2004 as 
amended by Law 26/2014 of November 28, 2014 approving the consolidated text of the Non-Resident Income Tax 
Law (Impuesto sobre la Renta de los no Residentes). Consideration has also been given to the rules for the 
implementation of such regulation (basically Royal Decree 1776/2004 of 30 July 2004 as amended by Royal Decree 
1003/2014 of December 5, 2014 approving the Non-Resident Income Tax Regulations). 
Consideration has also been given to Spanish legislation on the issuance of preferred securities and debt securities 
issued by Spanish financial and non-financial listed entities, either directly or through a subsidiary (Additional 
Provision one of Law 10/2014 of 26 June 2014 on investment ratios, own funds and information obligations of 
financial intermediaries, and Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July 2007 (as amended by RD 1145/2011) approving the 
General Regulations of the tax inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules of the 
procedures to apply taxes. 
 
Income obtained by Noteholders who are Non-Resident Income Tax payers in Spain in respect of the Warrants 
Income obtained by Warrantholders who are Non-Resident Income Tax payers, both on interest and in connection 
with the transfer, repayment or settlement of the Warrants, whether or not through a permanent establishment, shall 
be considered Spanish source income and therefore subject to taxation in Spain under Legislative Royal Decree 
5/2004 of 5 March 2004 as amended by Law 26/2014 of November 28, 2014 approving the Consolidated Non-
Resident Income Tax Law, without prejudice to the provisions contained in any applicable tax treaty for the 
avoidance of double taxation (“DTT”). 
 
Income obtained through a permanent establishment in Spain in respect of the Warrants 
The holding of Warrants by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself create the 
existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Income obtained by Non Spanish resident holders acting through a permanent establishment in Spain in respect of the 
Warrants will be taxed under the rules provided by Chapter III of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law. These 
Warrantholders will be subject to taxation substantially in the same manner as Spanish Corporate Income Tax 
taxpayers and, therefore, it shall be computed as taxable income in accordance with the general rules set out in the 
Corporate Income Tax Law and will therefore be taxed at the current general tax rate of 25%. The aforesaid income 
shall not be subject to withholding tax. 
 
Income not obtained through a permanent establishment in Spain in respect of the Warrants 
Income obtained by Warrantholders who are not tax resident in Spain acting for these purposes without a permanent 
establishment within Spain is exempt from such Non-Resident Income Tax according to Additional Provision Two of 
Law 10/2014 of 26 June, 2014. 
 
Tax rules for payments made by the Guarantor 
Payments which may be made by the Guarantor to Warrantholders, if the Guarantee is enforced, will be subject to 
the same tax rules previously set out for payments made by the Issuer.

--- Page 250 ---
TAXATION 
 
250 
Tax Reporting Obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Royal Decree 1145/2011 modified, among others, article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 of 27 July, which sets out the 
reporting obligations applicable to preference shares and debt instruments issued under Additional Provision One of 
Law 10/2014 of 26 June, 2014. The new procedures apply to interest deriving from preference shares and debt 
instruments to which Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014 of 26 June, refers, including debt instruments issued 
at a discount for a period equal to or less than twelve months. 
Warrants originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain 
According to the literal wording of Royal Decree 1145/2011, income derived from securities originally registered 
with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain, that are recognized by Spanish law or by the law 
of another OECD country (such as Euroclear or Clearstream), will be paid free of Spanish withholding tax provided 
that the paying agent appointed by the issuer submits an statement to the issuer, in accordance with the form 
attached as annex to RD 1145/2011, with the following information: 
(i) 
identification of the securities; and 
(ii) 
total amount of the income corresponding to each clearing house located outside Spain.  
These obligations refer to the total amount paid to investors through each foreign clearing house. 
The statement mentioned above must be dated the business day immediately before the date on which the interest is 
payable or, in the case of securities issued at a discount, the business day immediately before the settlement date of 
such securities. The statements must reflect the situation at the close of business on the business day immediately 
before the date on which the interest is payable. 
In the case of payments made in respect of the Warrants, the failure to submit the relevant statement will result in the 
issuer or its authorized paying agent being liable to make the corresponding payment net of the applicable Spanish 
withholding tax (this is currently at the rate of 19%). In such circumstances, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will 
be required to pay additional amounts in respect of such withholding tax. The Warrant Agreement in respect of the 
Warrants contains provisions for the Principal Warrant Agent to provide the relevant information to the Issuer in 
due course. 
Notwithstanding the above, if on or before the 10th day of the month following the month in which the payment is 
made, the relevant entity submits the statement, the issuer or its authorized paying agent will refund the amount 
withheld in excess, as soon as it receives the statement. 
Please note that this is for general information purposes only and is not intended to be nor shall it be deemed to be, or 
constitute legal advice. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer(s), the Paying Agent, and/or the European Clearing Systems assumes 
any responsibility therefore. 
 
Refund by the Spanish tax authorities 
Warrantholders who might otherwise have been entitled to a gross payment but in respect of whom the Principal 
Warrant Agent does not provided with the relevant Annex on or before the 10th calendar day of the month that 
follows the month in which the interest is payable may seek a refund of Spanish tax withheld directly from the 
Spanish tax authorities. 
 
Dutch Taxation 
The following describes the principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding and disposal of the 
Warrants. This summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax considerations that may 
be relevant to a decision to purchase, to hold, and to dispose of the Warrants. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a 
holder of Warrants may include an individual or entity who does not have the legal title of these Warrants, but to 
whom nevertheless the Warrants or the income thereof is attributed based on specific statutory provisions or on the 
basis of such individual or entity having an interest in the Warrants or the income thereof.Each prospective holder of 
Warrants should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
redemption an disposal of Warrants. The discussion of certain Dutch taxes set forth below is included for general 
information purposes only. 
This summary is based on the Dutch tax legislation, published case law, treaties, rules, regulations and similar 
documentation, in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, without prejudice to any amendments introduced at a

--- Page 251 ---
TAXATION 
 
251 
later date and implemented with retroactive effect. Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is 
restricted to the part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in 
that part of the Kingdom. 
This summary does not describe the consequences of the exchange or the conversion of the Warrants. 
Tax position of the Issuer 
Under the Convention, the Issuer is considered to be resident of Spain for tax purposes and therefore the Netherlands 
should refrain from levying corporate income tax on profits generated by the Issuer, except if and to the extent such 
profits are allocable to a Dutch permanent establishment or permanent representative of the Issuer. 
 
Withholding tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under a Warrant may be made free of withholding or deduction of, for or on account 
of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by The Netherlands or any political subdivision 
or taxing authority thereof or therein, except (i) where Warrants are issued under such terms and conditions that such 
Warrant are capable of being classified as equity of the Issuer for Dutch tax purposes, or (ii) in certain very specific 
cases as described below. 
 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity of the 
Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch 
Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling laagbelastende staten en 
niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent establishment located in such 
jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of 
the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the payments 
made by the Issuer in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the 
recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), all 
within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
A holder of the Warrants (the “Warrantholder”) who derives income from a Warrant or who realises a gain from the 
disposal or settlement of a Warrant will not be subject to Dutch taxation on such income or gain, provided that: 
(a) 
the Warrantholder is neither resident nor deemed to be resident of the Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes ; 
(b) 
the Warrantholder does not have an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in Dutch tax law) or an 
interest in an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in Dutch tax law) that is, in whole or in part, carried on 
through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) in the 
Netherlands and to which permanent establishment or permanent representative, as the case may be, the Warrants 
are attributable; 
(c) 
the Warrantholder is not entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise that is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands, other than by way of securities and to which enterprise the Warrants are attributable; 
(d) 
the Warrantholder does not have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a deemed substantial interest 
in the Issuer as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet op de inkomstenbelasting 2001); and 
(e) 
if the Warrantholder is an individual, the Warrantholder does not derive benefits from the Warrants that are 
taxable as benefits from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands (resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden in 
Nederland) as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, which include, but are not limited to, activities in respect 
of the Warrants which are beyond the scope of “regular active asset management” (normaal actief vermogensbeheer). 
Under Dutch tax law a Warrantholder will not be deemed a resident, domiciled or carrying on a business in the 
Netherlands by reason only of its holding of the Warrants or the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the 
Warrants. 
 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
No gift or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to the acquisition of the Warrants by way of gift 
by, or on the death of, a Warrantholder, unless: 
(a) 
the Warrantholder is a resident or deemed to be resident of the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
Dutch tax law provisions; or

--- Page 252 ---
TAXATION 
 
252 
(b) 
in the case of a gift of the Warrants by an individual who at the date of the gift was neither resident nor 
deemed to be resident in the Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 days after the date of the gift, while being 
resident or deemed to be resident of the Netherlands. 
For the purpose of Dutch gift and inheritance tax, an individual who has the Dutch nationality will be deemed to be a 
resident of the Netherlands at the date of the gift or the date of his death, if he has been a resident of the Netherlands 
at any time during the ten years preceding the date of the gift or the date of his death. 
For the purposes of Dutch gift tax, an individual who does not have the Dutch nationality will be deemed to be a 
resident of the Netherlands at the date of the gift, if he has been a resident of the Netherlands at any time during the 
twelve months preceding the date of the gift. 
Value Added Tax 
No Value Added Tax (Omzetbelasting) will arise in The Netherlands in respect of any payment in consideration for 
the issue of the Warrants or with respect to any payment by the Issuer in respect of the Warrants. 
 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty, other than court fees, will be payable 
in the Netherlands in respect of or in connection with the issue of the Warrants. 
 
Irish Taxation 
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Warrants. It is based on the laws and 
practice of the Revenue Commissioners currently in force in Ireland as at the date of this Base Prospectus and may be 
subject to change. The summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Warrants. The summary does not 
constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only and it does not discuss all aspects 
of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder of Warrants. Prospective investors in the Warrants 
should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, exercise or sale of the 
Warrants and the receipt of payments thereon under any laws applicable to them. 
 
Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
(a) 
Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest that is capable of arising for a period in excess of one 
year); 
(b) 
Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being made for a period in 
excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the recipient); and 
(c) 
Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by companies that are 
resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax; 
at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) in the case of (i) and (ii) above and at the rate of 25% 
in the case of (iii) above. 
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the Issuer operate in 
Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the Warrants is connected, nor are the Warrants held in 
Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in Ireland, then to the extent that payments of interest or annual 
payments arise on the Warrants, such payments should not be regarded as payments having an Irish source for the 
purposes of Irish taxation. 
Accordingly, the Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer should not be obliged to deduct any 
amount on account of these Irish withholding taxes from payments made in connection with the Warrants. 
Separately, for as long as the Warrants are quoted on a stock exchange, a purchaser of the Warrants should not be 
obliged to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in connection with the purchase of 
the Warrants. 
 
Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Warrants paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in Ireland acting on 
behalf of the beneficial owner of Warrants will be subject to Irish encashment tax at a 25 per cent rate, unless it is

--- Page 253 ---
TAXATION 
 
253 
proved, on a claim made in the required manner to the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, that the beneficial owner 
of the Warrants entitled to the interest or distribution is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax and such 
interest or distribution is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be income of another person 
that is resident in Ireland. 
 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a Directive 
for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and 
Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings 
in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Warants should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Warrants where at least one party 
is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution 
may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial 
instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the scope of 
any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Warrants are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
 
Automatic Exchange of Tax Information between States 
 
On 17th November 2015, the Spanish Government published Royal Decree 1021/2015, of 13 November, (the “Royal 
Decree”) in force since 1 January 2016 which establish the obligation on financial institutions to identify the tax 
residence of persons holding or controlling certain financial accounts and to report them to the Spanish tax authorities 
within the context of mutual assistance. 
The Royal Decree implements into Spanish domestic legislation the rules on the information to be reported to the tax 
authorities in respect of financial accounts and due diligence procedures that must be applied by affected financial 
institutions when obtaining such information per EC Council Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in 
the field of taxation (as amended by EC Council Directive 2014/107/EU) as regards mandatory automatic exchange 
of information in the field of taxation and the provisions of article 29 bis and additional provision twenty-two of 
Spanish General Taxation Law. 
Based on the Royal Decree,as amended by Royal Decree 366/2021 of 25 May, BBVA may be compelled to provide 
the Spanish tax authorities with certain information in respect of certain categories of financial accounts held or 
controlled by some investors in the Warrants. 
 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (“FATCA”) impose a new reporting regime 
and potentially a 30 per cent. withholding tax with respect to certain payments to (i) any non-U.S. financial institution 
(a “foreign financial institution”, or “FFI” (as defined by FATCA)) that does not become a “Participating FFI” by 
entering into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) to provide the IRS with certain 
information in respect of its account holders and investors or is not otherwise exempt from or in deemed compliance 
with FATCA and (ii) any investor (unless otherwise exempt from FATCA) that does not provide information 
sufficient to determine whether the investor is a U.S. person or should otherwise be treated as holding a “United 
States account” of the Issuer (a “Recalcitrant Holder”). The Issuer may be classified as an FFI. 
The new withholding regime is now in effect for payments from sources within the United States and will apply to 
“foreign passthru payments” (a term not yet defined) no earlier than 1st January, 2017. This withholding would 
potentially apply to payments in respect of (i) any Warrants characterized as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterized as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or after the 
grandfathering date, the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the 
term foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal Register, or which are materially modified after the 
grandfathering date and (ii) any Warrants characterised as equity or which do not have a fixed term for U.S. federal

--- Page 254 ---
TAXATION 
 
254 
tax purposes, whenever issued. If Warrants are issued before the grandfathering date, and additional Warrants of the 
same series are issued on or after that date, the additional Warrants may not be treated as grandfathered, which may 
have negative consequences for the existing Warrants, including a negative impact on market price. 
The United States and a number of other jurisdictions have entered into intergovernmental agreements to facilitate 
the implementation of FATCA (each, an “IGA”). Pursuant to FATCA and the “Model 1” and “Model 2” IGAs 
released by the United States, an FFI in an IGA signatory country could be treated as a “Reporting FI” not subject to 
withholding under FATCA on any payments it receives. Further, an FFI in an IGA jurisdiction generally would not be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing an IGA) (any such withholding being 
“FATCA Withholding”) from payments it makes Under each Model IGA, a Reporting FI would still be required to 
report certain information in respect of its account holders and investors to its home government or to the IRS. The 
United States and Spain have entered into an IGA based largely on the Model 1 IGA with each of the Netherlands 
and Spain. 
If the Issuer is treated as a Reporting FI pursuant to any applicable IGA, the Issuer would not anticipate that it will be 
obliged to deduct any FATCA Withholding on payments it makes. There can be no assurance, however, that the 
Issuer will be treated as a Reporting FI, or that the Issuer would in the future not be required to deduct FATCA 
Withholding from payments it makes. Accordingly, the Issuer and financial institutions through which payments on 
the Warrants are made may be required to withhold FATCA Withholding if (i) any FFI through or to which payment 
on such Warrants is made is not a Participating FFI, a Reporting FI, or otherwise exempt from or in deemed 
compliance with FATCA or (ii) an investor is a Recalcitrant Holder. 
Whilst the Warrants are in global form and held within the Clearing Systems, it is expected that FATCA will not 
affect the amount of any payments made under, or in respect of, the Warrants by the Issuer, any paying agent and the 
common depositary, given that each of the entities in the payment chain between the Issuer and with the participants 
in the Clearing Systems is a major financial institution whose business is dependent on compliance with FATCA and 
that any alternative approach introduced under an IGA will be unlikely to affect the Warrants. The documentation 
expressly contemplates the possibility that the Warrants may go into definitive form and therefore that they may be 
taken out of the clearing systems. If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant holder could be subject to 
FATCA Withholding. However, definitive Warrants will only be printed in remote circumstances. 
If an amount in respect of FATCA Withholding were to be deducted or withheld from payments made in respect of 
the Warrants, neither the Issuer nor any paying agent nor any other person would, pursuant to the conditions of the 
Warrants, be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding. As a result, investors 
may receive less than expected. FATCA is particularly complex . The above description is based in part on 
regulations, official guidance and the IGAs between the United States and the Netherlands and Spain, all of which are 
subject to change or may be implemented in a materially different form. Prospective investors should consult their tax 
advisers on how these rules may apply to the Issuer and to payments they may receive in connection with the 
Warrants.

--- Page 255 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
255 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Selling Restrictions 
General Selling Restrictions 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that Warrants may be directed to any category of potential investors 
unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that: 
(i) 
unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms, no action has been or will be taken in any 
country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealer that would permit a public offering of Warrants, or 
possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in such country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required; and 
(ii) 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Warrants or 
possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Warrants under the laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Dealer represents that Warrants may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus, any Issue Terms or any Warrant comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, 
offer, sell or deliver Warrants or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
United States of America 
The Warrants have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered, sold, transferred, 
pledged, delivered or exercised, directly or indirectly, at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, or by, any U.S. person. Accordingly, the Warrants are only for offer and sale outside the United States in 
offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
European Economic Area (EEA) 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
With regard to each Tranche of Warrants in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Investors" will be selected to 
be "Not applicable" in Part B of the relevant Issue Terms the following restrictions apply: 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State"), the Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of 
such Warrants to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms in relation to the Warrants specify that an offer of those Warrants may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following 
the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Warrants which has been approved by the competent 
authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed 
by the Issue Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the 
period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Issue Terms, as applicable, and the 
Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of such Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 256 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
256 
provided that no such offer of Warrants referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
the expression an “offer of Warrants to the public” in relation to any Warrants in any Relevant State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Warrants.; and 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded). 
With regard to each Tranche of Warrants in relation to which “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" will be 
selected to be "applicable" in Part B of the relevant Issue Terms the following restrictions apply: The Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Warrants to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and  
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Warrants. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", the Dealerr has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Warrants. 
In addition to the selling restrictions set out for each Member State of the European Economic Area please see  
"Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation" above and "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" above.

--- Page 257 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
257 
Austria 
No prospectus has been or will be approved by the Austrian Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde) 
and/or published pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) Neither this Base Prospecus nor 
any other document connected therewith may be distributed, passed on or disclosed to any other person in Austria, save 
as specifically agreed with the Dealers. No steps may be taken that would constitute a public offering of the Warrants in 
Austria and the offering of the Warrant may not be advertised in Austria. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further dealer appointed under the programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will offer the Warrants 
in Austria only in compliance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 
(Kapitalmarktgesetz), as amended, and all other laws and regulations in Austria applicable to the offer and sale of the 
Warrants in Austria. 
Finland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that the Warrants may only be offered or sold in compliance with all applicable provisions of the laws 
of Finland and especially in compliance with the Finnish Securities Market Act (arvopaperimarkkinalaki (746/2012), as 
amended) and any regulation or rule made thereunder, as supplemented and amended from time to time. 
France 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the Warrants (including any communications à 
caractère promotionnel) have been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. 
Unless it is specified in the relevant Issue Terms that an offer of Warrants will be made in France, the following will 
apply: the Dealer hasrepresented and agreed that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
Warrants to the public in France. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, the relevant Issue Terms nor any other offering material relating to the Warrants has been or 
will be:  
(a) released, issued, distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France; or  
(b) used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the Warrants to the public in France. 
Such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) and/or to a 
restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d'investisseurs) acting for their own account, all as defined in, and in 
accordance with, articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-2 to D.411-4, , D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
The direct or indirect resale of Warrants to the public in France may be made only as provided by, and in accordance 
with, articles L. 411-1, L. 411-2, L. 412-1 and L. 621-8 to L. 621-8-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
In addition, the Dealer and the Issuer have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not 
distribute or cause to be distributed in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Issue Terms or any other offering 
material relating to the Warrants other than to investors to whom offers and sales of Warrants in France may be made as 
described above. 
Germany  
Each Dealer has represented and and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that the Warrants have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised in the 
Federal Republic of Germany other than in compliance with the German Securities Prospectus Act 
(Wertpapierprospektgesetz), as amended, or any other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany governing the 
issue, offering and sale of securities.  
Ireland 
The Dealer has represented and agrees that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the 
Warrants, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Warrants, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
 
(a) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the "MiFID II 
Regulations"), including, without limitation, Regulations 5 (Requirements for Authorisation (and certain

--- Page 258 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
258 
provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, any rules or codes of conduct made under the MiFID II 
Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the "Companies Act"), the Central Bank Acts 1942-2015 (as 
amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
(c) 
the Regulation (2017/1129), the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules and guidelines 
issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act by the Central Bank; and 
(d) 
the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 
2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the 
Companies Act. 
Portugal 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
no document, circular, advertisement or any offering material in relation to the Warrants has been or will be 
subject to approval by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores 
Mobiliários, the "CMVM");  
(a) 
it has not, without the prior approval of the CMVM, directly or indirectly taken any action or offered, advertised, 
submitted to an investment gathering procedure, sold or delivered and will not, without the prior approval of the 
CMVM, directly or indirectly offer, advertise, submit to an investment gathering procedure, sell, re-sell, re-offer 
or deliver any Warrants in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer (oferta pública) of securities 
pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários, the "CVM"); 
(b) 
it has not, directly or indirectly, distributed and will not, directly or indirectly, distribute to the public in the 
Republic of Portugal the Base Prospectus or any document, circular, advertisements or any offering material in 
relation to the Warrants, without the prior approval of the CMVM; and 
(c) 
it will comply with all applicable provisions of the CVM and any applicable CMVM regulations and all relevant 
Portuguese laws and regulations, in any such case that may be applicable to it in respect of any offer or sales of 
Warrants by it in the Republic of Portugal. 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the Republic of Portugal and 
with the Prospectus Regulation regarding the placement of any Warrants in the Portuguese jurisdiction or to any entities 
which are resident in the Republic of Portugal, including the publication of a prospectus, when applicable, and that such 
placement shall only be authorised and performed to the extent that there is full compliance with such laws and 
regulations. 
 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Warrants has not been cleared by the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa (the 
"CONSOB") (the Italian securities exchange commission), pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Accordingly, no 
Warrants may be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other 
document relating to the Warrants be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except (a) to qualified investors (investitori 
qualificati) as defined in Article 35, first paragraph, letter (d) of CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as 
amended ("Regulation No. 20307"), pursuant to Article 34-ter, first paragraph letter (b) of CONSOB Regulation 
No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the "Company Regulation"), implementing Article 100 of Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Italian Financial Act"); and (b) in any other circumstances which 
are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 100 of the Italian Financial Act and the implementing 
CONSOB regulations, including the Company Regulation. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Warrants or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus (including the applicable Issue 
Terms) or any other document relating to the Warrants in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic 
of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as 
amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the "Banking 
Act") and any other applicable laws and regulations;  
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time, with regard, inter alia, to the reporting obligations required; and

--- Page 259 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
259 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or the Bank 
of Italy or other Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act: 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Warrants in the Republic of Italy, Article 100-bis of 
the Financial Services Act may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of securities. Furthermore, 
where the Warrants are placed solely with "qualified investors" and are then systematically ("sistematicamente") resold 
on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following such placing, purchasers of Warrants who are acting 
outside of the course of their business or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase 
void and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorised person at whose premises the Warrants were purchased, 
unless an exemption provided for under the Financial Services Act applies.  
Spain 
The Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, 
that the Warrants must not be offered, distributed or sold to Spanish Residents who are retail clients under point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MIFID II. No publicity of any kind shall be made in Spain. 
As used herein, "Spanish Resident" means a tax resident of Spain for the purposes of the Spanish tax legislation and any 
tax treaty signed by Spain for the avoidance of double taxation, including (i) any corporation or other entity taxable as a 
corporation incorporated under Spanish law, whose registered office is located in Spain or whose effective management is 
performed in Spain and (ii) any individual who is physically present in Spanish territory for more than 183 days in the 
calendar year or whose main centre or base of activities or economic interests is in Spain. 
Sweden 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Warrants have not been offered or sold and will not be offered, sold or delivered directly or 
indirectly in the Kingdom of Sweden by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with the Swedish Financial 
Instruments Trading Act, (SFS 1991:980 om handel med finansiella instrument). 
The Netherlands  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that the Warrants may not, directly or indirectly, be, (or announced to be) offered, sold, resold, 
delivered or transferred as part of their initial distribution or at any time thereafter to, or to the order of, or for the account 
of, any person in the Netherlands other than in accordance with the aforementioned restrictions. 
Argentina 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that the Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Argentinian Securities Comission 
(Comisión Nacional de Valores) pursuant to the Ley de Mercados de Capitales of Argentina and therefore cannot be 
offered or sold in Argentina or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons in Argentina except in circumstances which 
have not resulted and will not result in a public offering. 
Chile 
The Issuer and the Warrants have not been, and will not be, registered with the Chilean Commission for the Financial 
Market (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero, "CMF") pursuant to Law No. 18.045 (Ley de Mercado de Valores, 
"Securities Market Act"), as amended, of the Republic of Chile and, accordingly, no person shall offer or sell the 
Warrants in Chile or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons in Chile except in circumstances which have not resulted 
and will not result in a public offering and/or in the conduct of intermediation (funciones de intermediación) within the 
meaning of Chilean law.  
The offer of any Warrants pursuant to this Base Prospectus begins on the date of issuance of the relevant Issue Terms. 
Any such offer of Warrants complies with General Rule N°. 336 of the CMF. Since the Warrants to which an offer relates 
have not been registered in the Foreign Securities Registry of the CMF, they are not subject to the supervision of such 
entity. As any offer of Warrants pursuant to this Base Prospectus does not relate to registered securities, there is no 
obligation on the Issuer to deliver in Chile public information regarding the Warrants. The Warrants may not be publicly 
offered in Chile as long as they are not registered in the corresponding Securities Registry. The above paragraph has to be 
reproduced in Spanish in order to comply with the General Rule N°. 336. Therefore, the following paragraph is only a 
translation into Spanish of this paragraph's disclaimers and does not contain any additional statement.  
Esta oferta comienza el día que se emitan los Issue Terms. Esta oferta de valores cumple con la Norma de Carácter 
General 336 de la CMF. Dado que esta oferta versa sobre valores no inscritos en el Registro de Valores Extranjeros que 
lleva dicha Comisión, tales valores no están sujetos a la fiscalización de ésta. Como esta oferta de valores se refiere a

--- Page 260 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
260 
valores no inscritos, no existe la obligación por parte de su emisor de entregar en Chile información pública respecto de 
dichos valores. Estos valores no podrán ser objeto de oferta pública mientras no sean inscritos en el Registro de Valores 
correspondiente. 
Colombia  
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge and agree, that the Warrants have not and will not be marketed, offered, sold or distributed in Colombia or 
to Colombian residents except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of securities in Colombia within the 
meaning of article 6.1.1.1.1 of Decree 2555 of 2010 as amended from time to time. The offer of the Warrants is addressed 
to less than one hundred specifically identified investors. The material in this Base Prospectus is for the sole and 
exclusive use of the addressee as a determined individual/entity and cannot be understood as addressed for the use of any 
third party, including any of such party's shareholders, administrators or employees, or by any other third party resident in 
Colombia. The information contained in this Base Prospectus is provided for illustrative purposes only and no 
representation or warranty is made as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein. Accordingly, 
the Warrants will not be publicly offered, marketed or negotiated in Colombia through promotional or advertisement 
activities (as defined under Colombian law) except in compliance with the requirements of the Colombian Financial and 
Securities Market Regulation (Decree 2555 of 2010, Law 964 of 2005 and Organic Statute of the Financial System) as 
amended and restated, and decrees and regulations made thereunder. The Dealer has acknowledged, and and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge and agree, that the Warrants listed in the Base 
Prospectus have not been registered in the National Securities and Issuer's Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores y 
Emisores) of the Colombian Financial Superintendence (Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia) or with any 
Colombian securities exchange or trading system, and therefore it is not intended for any public offer of the Warrants in 
Colombia.  
Investors acknowledge the Colombian laws and regulations (specifically foreign exchange and tax regulations) applicable 
to any transaction or investment consummated in connection with this Base Prospectus and represent that they are the sole 
liable party for full compliance with any such laws and regulations. 
The investors represent that the investment in the Warrants is a permitted investment for them under their corporate 
bylaws and/or particular investment regime that may be applicable.  
Hong Kong 
The Dealer has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge and agree, that the Warrants have not been authorised by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong 
Kong. The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Warrants 
(except for Warrants which are "structured products" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 
571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) ("Securities and Futures Ordinance")) other than (a) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance or (b) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an 
offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for 
the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to 
the Warrants, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of 
Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to 
Warrants which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional 
investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Mexico 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that the Warrants have not been, and will not be, registered with the National Securities Registry 
maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores, or 
the “CNBV”) and, therefore, the Warrants may not be offered or sold in Mexico, publicly or otherwise, except that the 
Warrants may be offered in Mexico to institutional and accredited investors pursuant to the private placement exception 
set forth in Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law. 
Monaco 
The Warrants may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco Bank or 
a duly authorised Monegasque intermediary acting as a professional institutional investor which has such knowledge and

--- Page 261 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
261 
experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the risks and merits of an investment in the 
Fund. Consequently, this Base Prospectus may only be communicated to (i) banks, and (ii) portfolio management 
companies duly licensed by the "Commission de Contrôle des Activités Financières by virtue of Law n° 1.338, of 
September 7, 2007, and authorised under Law n° 1.144 of July 26, 1991. Such regulated intermediaries may in turn 
communicate this Base Prospectus to potential investors. 
Panama 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Warrants have not been and will not be registered with the Superintendency of the Stock 
Market (Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores), nor will the offer, sale or transactions regarding the Notes. The 
exemption from registration is made under number 3 of Article 129 of Unified Text of the Decree Law 1 of July 8, 1999 
(Institutional Investors). As a consequence, the tax treatment established in Articles 334 through 336 of Unified Text of 
the Decree Law 1 of July 8, 1999, is not applicable to them. The Notes are not under the supervision of the 
Superintendency of the Stock Market (Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores). 
 
Peru 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Warrants have not and will not be placed, offered, sold, disposed of or distributed in Peru, 
except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of securities in Peru within the meaning of Peruvian 
securities laws and regulations. Accordingly, the Warrants will not be the subject of a duly diffused invitation for 
subscription, acquisition or purchase of the Warrants in Peru, pursuant to the Peruvian Securities Market Law, Supreme 
Decree No. 093-2002-EF, as amended and restated.  
The Warrants may only be offered in Peru, under private offerings, complying with the Securities Market Law and the 
regulations that govern the investment policy of institutional investors such as, but not restricted to, banking and other 
financial entities, insurance entities, private pension fund managers, open ended and close ended collective investment 
schemes.  
The Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, 
that this Base Prospectus has not been subject to review by the Securities Market Superintendence (Superintendencia del 
Mercado de Valores, "SMV") and has not been registered with the Peruvian Securities Market Public Registry, therefore 
it is not intended for any public offer of the Warrants in Peru. If the Warrants were to be offered under private offerings in 
Peru, regulations do not impose reporting obligations with SMV, to any of the Issuer or the Dealers. 
Republic of Korea  
The Warrants have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea for public 
offering in the Republic of Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act (the "FSCMA"). The 
Warrants may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of Korea or to any resident of the Republic of Korea except pursuant to the 
applicable laws and regulations of the Republic of Korea, including the FSCMA and the Foreign Exchange Transaction 
Law (the "FETL") and the decrees and regulations thereunder. The Warrants may not be resold to South Korean residents 
unless the purchaser of the Warrants complies with all applicable regulatory requirements (including but not limited to 
government reporting requirements under the FETL and its subordinate decrees and regulations) in connection with the 
purchase of the Warrants.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly, any Warrants in the Republic of Korea or to any resident of the Republic of 
Korea and will not offer, sell or deliver directly or indirectly or offer or sell to any person for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, any Warrants in the Republic of Korea or to any resident of the Republic of Korea, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FSCMA, FETL and other 
relevant laws and regulations of the Republic of Korea. 
Russia 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold or transferred or otherwise disposed of and will not offer or sell or 
transfer or otherwise dispose of any Warrants to or for the benefit of any persons (including legal entities) resident, 
incorporated, established or having their usual residence in the Russian Federation or to any person located within the 
territory of the Russian Federation unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law. Since neither the 
issuance of the Warrants nor a securities prospectus in respect of the Warrants has been registered, or is intended to be 
registered, with the Central Bank of Russia (the "CBR") and no decision to admit the Warrants to placement or public

--- Page 262 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
262 
circulation in the Russian Federation has been made, or is intended to be made, by the CBR or a Russian stock exchange, 
the Warrants are not eligible for initial offering or public circulation in the Russian Federation and may not be sold or 
offered in the Russian Federation unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law. No information set 
forth in the Warrants related materials sold by any distributor shall be an offer, advertisement or invitation to make offers, 
to sell, exchange or otherwise transfer, the Warrants in the Russian Federation or to or for the benefit of any Russian 
person or entity and must not be distributed or circulated in the Russian Federation, unless and to the extent otherwise 
permitted under Russian law. 
Switzerland 
 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required or 
deemed to agree, that it will comply with (i) any laws, regulations or guidelines applicable in Switzerland (as amended 
from time to time) in relation to the marketing, offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the Warrants, or the distribution of any 
marketing or offering material in respect of the Warrants, in or from Switzerland. 
Restrictions for distribution of Warrants to Retail Clients:  
Warrants qualifying as structured products pursuant to Article 70 of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services of 
15 June 2018 ("FinSA") may be offered to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) pursuant to Article 4 para. 2 
FinSA ("Retail Clients") in, into or from Switzerland only if a key investor document (Basisinformationsblatt) relating to 
the Warrants in the sense of Article 58 et seq. FinSA ("FinSA-KID") or a key information document pursuant to 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 and Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2017/653 ("PRIIPs-KID") has been prepared and 
provided to the relevant Retail Clients. Before 1 January 2022, the issuer may prepare a Swiss simplified prospectus (a 
"Swiss Simplified Prospectus") pursuant to Article 5 of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 
June 2006 ("CISA") instead of a FinSA-KID or a PRIIPs-KID and such Swiss Simplified Prospectus may be provided to 
Retail Clients instead of a FinSA-KID or a PRIIPs-KID. If the Warrants may only be offered to Retail Clients in the 
context of asset management mandates, such obligation to provide a FinSA-KID, a PRIIPs-KID or a Swiss Simplified 
Prospectus would not apply. 
All clients other than professional clients (professionelle Kunden) and institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden), as 
defined in Article 4 para. 3, 4 and 5 and Article 5 para. 1 and 2 FinSA ("Professional or Institutional Clients"), are 
Retail Clients. Professional or Institutional Clients include: (a) financial intermediaries regulated pursuant to the Swiss 
Federal Banking Act of 8 November 1934, the Swiss Federal Financial Institutions Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinIA") or the 
CISA; (b) regulated insurance undertakings pursuant to the Swiss Federal Insurance Supervision Act of 17 December 
2004; (c) foreign financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings subject to a similar prudential supervision as the 
financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings pursuant to (a) and (b); (d) central banks; (e) public entities with 
professional treasury operations; (f) pension funds and occupational pension schemes with professional treasury 
operations; (g) undertakings with professional treasury operations; (h) large companies that exceed two of the following 
thresholds: (i) a balance sheet total of CHF 20 million, (ii) turnover of CHF 40 million, and/or (iii) own capital of CHF 2 
million; (i) private investment structures for high-net worth individuals with professional treasury operations; and 
(j) Opting-out Clients. 
An "Opting-out Client" (vermögende Privatkundinnen und -kunden) is a Retail Client who confirms (i) that, based on 
the education/professional experience or based on comparable experience in the financial sector, he/she/it has the 
necessary knowledge to understand the risks resulting from an investment in the Warrants and who owns, directly or 
indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 500,000, or (ii) that he/she/it owns, directly or indirectly, eligible 
financial assets of at least CHF 2 million.  
Approval of prospectus for public offering: 
If and to the extent the Warrants will be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland in the meaning of the 
FinSA, or if the Warrants were admitted to trading to a Swiss trading venue (e.g. SIX Swiss Exchange), a prospectus 
pursuant to the requirements of Article 40 et seq. FinSA would be required . Such requirement may be met on the basis of 
(i) an automatic recognition of this Base Prospectus in Switzerland under the rules of the FinSA by way of a notification 
of, and a registration of the Base Prospectus with, a Swiss reviewing body (Prüfstelle) within the meaning of Article 52 
FinSA (a "Swiss Reviewing Body") pursuant to the rules of the FinSA, as implemented by the relevant Swiss Reviewing 
Body and (ii) depositing the relevant Issue Terms with the Swiss Reviewing Body. Such a registration pursuant to (i) 
would be possible for a Base Prospectus that is approved by the by the Central Bank of Ireland, for offerings to retail 
investors, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), i.e. for any Warrants 
other than Exempt Warrants.  
Except where the Base Prospectus is registered with a Swiss Reviewing Body under the rules of the FinSA, neither this 
Programme nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Warrants constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the

--- Page 263 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
263 
FinSA, and neither this Programme nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Warrants may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland, unless the requirements of FinSA and FinSO for such 
public distribution are complied with .  
Without a registration of the Base Prospectus with a Swiss Reviewing Body pursuant to the rules of the FinSA, the 
Warrants may only be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland if the Warrants 
(a.) are addressed solely at investors classified as Professional or Institutional Clients; (b.) are addressed at fewer than 500 
Retail Clients; (c.) are addressed at investors acquiring securities to the value of at least CHF 100,000; (d.) have a 
minimum issue price per Warrant of CHF 100,000; or (e.) do not exceed a total value of CHF 8 million over a 12-month 
period. 
Taiwan 
The Warrants may not be sold offered or issued to Taiwan resident investors or in Taiwan unless they are made available, 
(i) outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan so long as no solicitation or other activities take place 
(A) in Taiwan or (B) otherwise in violation of any applicable Taiwan law or regulation and/or (ii) in Taiwan through bank 
trust departments, licensed securities brokers and/or insurance company investment linked insurance policies pursuant to 
the Taiwan Rules Governing Offshore Structured Products under which rules the Warrants have been registered in 
Taiwan or other applicable Taiwan law or regulation. 
Turkey 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that no information in this Base Prospectus is provided for the purpose of offering, marketing and 
sale by any means of any capital market instruments in the Republic of Turkey. Therefore, this Base Prospectus may not 
be considered as an offer made or to be made to residents of the Republic of Turkey. Accordingly neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering material related to the offering may be used in connection with any offering to the 
public within the Republic of Turkey without the prior approval of the Turkish Capital Market Board. However, 
according to article 15 (d) (ii) of the Decree No.32 there is no restriction on the purchase or sale of the offered warrants 
by residents of the Republic of Turkey, provided that: they purchase or sell such offered warrants in the financial markets 
outside of the Republic of Turkey on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; and such sale and purchase is made through 
banks, and/or licensed brokerage institutions in the Republic of Turkey. 
United Kingdom 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Warrants having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Warrants other than to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Warrants would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") 
by the Issuer;  
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of 
the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Warrants in circumstances in which Section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not or, in the case of the Guarantor, would not if it was not an authorised person, apply 
to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and the Financial Services Act 2012 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Warrants in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
The Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make

--- Page 264 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
264 
available any Warrants to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: (a) the expression 
“retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United 
Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
and (a) (b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Warrants. 
 
Uruguay 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Warrants may only be placed in Uruguay relying on a private placement exemption pursuant 
to section 2 of Law number 18,627. The Warrants are not and will not be registered with the Financial Services 
Superintendence of the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in Uruguay. 
Venezuela 
No public offering of Warrants has been authorised by the National Securities Superintendence (Superintendencia 
Nacional de Valores -"SNV"). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that (i) it shall not offer and/or sell Warrants in Venezuela by means 
of a public offering, without obtaining the prior authorisation of SNV in accordance with the relevant provisions of the 
Securities Markets Act of 30 December 2015 (Decreto Ley de Mercado de Valores) and (ii) any offer has not been and 
will not be made available to the public, without the prior authorisation of SNV. 
 
 
Sales outside EEA and UK only 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies “Sales outside EEA and UK only” as Applicable, the Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that the Warrants are not intended to be offered, distributed or sold to any investor in the European Economic Area or in 
the United Kingdom, and that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any investor in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom. 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions 
In connection with a offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Exempt Warrants, additional selling restrictions may be 
imposed which will be set out in the Pricing Supplement 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF WARRANTS 
Restrictions on Non-exempt offers of Warrants in relevant Member States 
Certain Tranches of Warrants with an issue price per Warrant of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a “Non-exempt Offer”. This Base Prospectus has 
been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Warrants in each Member State in relation to which the 
Issuer has given its consent as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (each specified Member State, a “Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction” and together the “Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions”). Any person making or intending to make 
a Non-exempt Offer of Warrants on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer’s consent to the 
use of this Base Prospectus as provided under “Consent given in accordance with Article 5 of the Prospectus 
Regulation” and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any Non-exempt Offer of Warrants in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any

--- Page 265 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
265 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of such Warrants, the Issuer and the Guarantor each accept responsibility, in 
each of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the consent of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
“Investor”) who purchases any Warrant in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as 
defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided 
that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied with. The 
consent and conditions attached to it are set out under “Consent” and “Conditions to Consent” below. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements in 
relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or the Dealer has any responsibility or liability for the 
actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has 
authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of 
this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Warrants. Any Non- 
exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor or, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to 
such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Warrants by a person who is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the 
purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about 
whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Warrants, and subject to the conditions set out below under “Conditions to 
Consent”, the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Warrants by: 
(a) the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) stated in the applicable Final Terms 
(b) any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose name is 
published on the Guarantor’s website (www.bbva.com) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of 
the relevant Non-exempt Offer 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraph (ii) and (iii) above are together the “Authorised Offerors” and 
each an “Authorised Offeror”) 
 
Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer’s consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-Exempt 
Offer are that such consent: 
(a) is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) only extends (as at the date of this Base Prospectus) to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non- exempt 
Offers of the relevant Tranche of Warrants in Ireland 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
At of the date of this Base Prospectus, the only relevant Member State which may, in respect of any Tranche of 
Warrants, be specified in the applicable Final Terms (if any relevant Member States are so specified) as indicated in 
(ii) above, will be Ireland, and accordingly each Tranche of Warrants may only be offered to Investors as part of a 
Non-exempt Offer in Ireland, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS

--- Page 266 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
 
266 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY WARRANTS IN A NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH 
WARRANTS TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO 
PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO 
ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-
EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE WARRANTS CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE 
RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME 
OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR OR, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF 
DOUBT ANY DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT 
OF THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY WARRANTS IN A NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR SHOULD BE AWARE THAT INFORMATION ON THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER BY ANY AUTHORISED OFFEROR SHALL 
BE PROVIDED AT THE TIME OF THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR. 
ANY AUTHORISED OFFEROR USING THIS BASE PROSPECTUS FOR THE WARRANTS 
CONCERNED FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY OFFERING MUST STATE ON ITS WEBSITE THAT IT 
USES THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONSENT GIVEN AND THE 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED THERETO.  
 
Non-Exempt Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Warrants to be offered pursuant to a Non-Exempt Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant Dealer at 
the time of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on prevailing market conditions at 
that time. The offer price at which the Authorised Offeror will offer such Warrants to the Investor will be the Issue 
Price or (where agreed with the relevant Dealer) such other price as may be agreed between an Investor and the 
Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Warrants to such Investor. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will be 
party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to look to the 
relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the Warrants to such 
Investor.

--- Page 267 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V.  
 
267 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of Warrants have been duly authorised by 
resolutions of the sole shareholder of the Issuer and of the Directors of the Issuer dated 21 December 2011, 25 
February 2015, 13 April 2016, 28 June 2017, 20 July 2018, 17 June 2019 17 June 2020 and on 28 June 2021. 
The giving of the Guarantee has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor 
dated on 29 April 2021. 
2. 
Listing of Warrants 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Listed Warrants issued under the Programme during the 
period of twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on 
its regulated market.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed under 
Irish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. 
3. 
Documents Available  
For twelve months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, when 
published, be available for inspection from https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-investors/issuances-
programs/ in the case of the documents listed at (vi) and (vii) or, in the case of the documents listed at (i), (ii), 
(iii), (iv) and (v) below, on the indicated websites below: 
(i) 
the Deed of Incorporation including the articles of association of the Issuer and the bylaws (with an 
English 
translation 
thereof) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
the 
Guarantor 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-investors/issuing-companies/); 
(ii) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/BBVA-Global-Marlets-B.V.-
Audited-Financial-Statements-2020.pdf 
)) 
and 
31 
December 
2019 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/BBVA-Global-
Markets_Audited-Financial-Statements-2019_Eng.pdf); 
(iii) 
the unaudited interim report corresponding to the three month period ended 31 March 2021 published 
by 
the 
Guarantor 
on 
30 
April 
2021 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/Interim-Financial-Statements-and-Management-Report-Q1-2021.pdf), 
the 
audited consolidated financial statements in respect of the financial years ended on 31 December 2020 
(which includes for comparison purposes financial data for the years ended on 31 December 2019 and 
on 31 December 2018) (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/03-
BBVA-GROUP-Annual-Report-MR-Dec-2020.pdf 
and 
31 
December 
2019 
((https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/01/5.Anual_Report_BBVA_GROUP_2019.pdf), with an English translation 
thereof, together with the audit report prepared in connection therewith; 
(iv) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer (if any) and the Guarantor 
and the most recently published condensed interim consolidated financial statements (if any) of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (in each case with an English translation thereof), in each case together with 
any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith. The Guarantor currently prepares 
unaudited interim reports on a quarterly basis and audited (under auditing standards generally accepted 
in 
Spain) 
consolidated 
interim 
reports 
on 
a 
semi-annual 
basis 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/financials/); 
(v) 
the Guarantee (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-investors/issuing-companies/) 
(vi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(vii) 
any future prospectuses and supplements. 
This Base Prospectus, together with any supplements thereto, will be published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin), 
and 
will 
also 
be 
available 
at 
https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-investors/issuances-programs/. If listed, the Issue Terms will be 
published on the exchange where the Warrants are admitted to listing and trading.

--- Page 268 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
268 
4. 
Clearing Systems 
The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Warrants will be set out in the 
applicable Final Issue Terms. 
5. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Warrants to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
6. 
Significant or Material Change 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Group since 31 December 2020 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of BBVA Global 
Markets B.V. since 31 December 2020. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or 
the financial position of the Group since 31 March 2021 and there has been no significant change in the financial 
or trading position of BBVA Global Markets B.V. since 31 December 2020. 
7. 
Litigation  
There are no, and have not been, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of 
this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer. 
As of the date hereof, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries are involved in a number of legal and regulatory actions 
and proceedings in various jurisdictions around the world (including, among others, Spain, Mexico and the 
United States). See "Risk Factors—The Group is party to a number of legal and regulatory actions and 
proceedings". 
8. 
Auditors 
KPMG Accountants, N.V., Laan van Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen, the Netherlands audited the Issuer's 
account for the financial year ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. The auditors of the Issuer are 
Chartered Accountants and a member of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke 
Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. (registered as auditors on the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas), Paseo de la 
Castellana, 259 C, 28046 Madrid, Spain audited the Guarantor's financial statements, for the financial year ended 
on 31 December 2020 and on 31 December 2019 (which includes for comparison purposes financial data for the 
years ended on 31 December 2019 and 2018 and on 31 December 2018 and 2017, respectively) prepared in 
accordance with Bank of Spain Circular 4/2017, dated 27 November 2017, and as amended thereafter (in the 
following, "Circular 4/2017"), and with any other legislation governing financial reporting applicable to the 
Guarantor. 
9. 
Post–issuance information 
Save as set out in the Issue Terms, the Issuer does not intend to provide and post-issuance information in relation 
to any issues of Warrants. 
10. 
Dealer transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
The Issuer, the Dealer and the Guarantor are part of the same group. Accordingly, these entities engage, and will 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and perform other services for, the 
Group in the ordinary course of business.

--- Page 269 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
269 
11. 
Credit Ratings 
The Programme is rated A– by Standard & Poor's Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global") and A3 by 
Moody’s Investors Services España, S.A. ("Moody's"). The Guarantor has been rated A– by S&P Global, A3 by 
Moody’s and and A - by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”). The Issuer has been rated A– by S&P Global 
and A3 by Moody's. Each of S&P Global, Moody’s and Fitch is established in the European Union and is 
registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, each of S&P Global, Moody’s and Fitch is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such CRA 
Regulation. The Credit Ratings stated above have the following meanings according to the relevant rating 
agencies: 
 
S&P Global 
An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to 
the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated 
categories. 
 
An 
S&P 
Global 
negative 
outlook 
means 
that 
a 
rating 
may 
be 
lowered. 
(Source: 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352) 
 
Moody's 
Obligations rated "A" are considered upper-medium-grade and are subject to low credit risk. (Source: 
https://www.moodys.com/Pages/amr002002.aspx?stop_mobi=yes) 
 
Fitch 
 
"A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is 
considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic 
conditions than is the case for higher ratings. (Source: https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-
definitions#rating-scales) 
 
12. 
Important information  
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" and, 
together with Euroclear, the "European Clearing Systems") have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and the Principal Warrant Agent (as defined on page 32) in the collection of the details 
referred to under "Spanish Tax Rules" from holders of the Warrants where Condition 7(c) is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms. If any European Clearing System is, in the future, unable to facilitate the 
collection of such information, it may decline to allow any or all Series of the Warrants to be cleared through 
such European Clearing System and this may affect the liquidity of such Warrants. Provisions have been made 
for the Warrants, in such a case, to be represented by definitive Warrants (see "Form of Warrants”). The 
procedures agreed and described in the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement dated 1 July2021 (the 
"Agency Agreement") may, in the future, be amended to comply with Spanish tax law and regulations and 
operational procedures of the European Clearing Systems. The Guarantor and the Issuer may from time to time, 
at their discretion, appoint an agent to intermediate with the European Clearing Systems in the provision of such 
information. Details of any such appointment will be set out in the Issue Terms. 
In the case of any Warrants which are held in The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), the Issuer and the 
Guarantor may agree procedures with DTC and, if necessary, an intermediary agent appointed by the Issuer and 
the Guarantor to facilitate the collection of such details. Any such procedures will be summarised in the Issue 
Terms and otherwise made available to holders of the relevant Warrants as described in the Issue Terms. 
13. 
Presentation of financial information 
Accounting principles 
Under Regulation (EC) no. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 July 2002, all 
companies governed by the law of an EU Member State and whose securities are admitted to trading on a 
regulated market of any Member State must prepare their consolidated financial statements for the years 
beginning on or after 1 January 2005 in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards adopted by 
the European Union (“EU-IFRS”). The Bank of Spain issued Circular 4/2004 of 22 December 2004 on Public 
and Confidential Financial Reporting Rules and Formats (as amended or supplemented from time to time,

--- Page 270 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
270 
“Circular 4/2004”), which requires Spanish credit institutions to adapt their accounting system to the principles 
derived from the adoption by the European Union of EU-IFRS. 
BBVA's consolidated financial statements as at and for each of the years ending 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2019, 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017 (the "Consolidated Financial Statements"), have 
been prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS reflecting Circular 4/2004 and any other legislation governing 
financial reporting applicable to the Group and in compliance with the International Financial Reporting 
Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IFRS-IASB"). 
 
"EUR", "euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended;  
 
"US dollars", "US$" and "$" refer to United States dollars; and 
 
"GBP" and "£" refer to pounds sterling. 
Financial information 
The following principles should be noted in reviewing the financial information contained in this Base 
Prospectus: 
 
Unless otherwise stated, any reference to loans refers to both loans and leases. 
 
Interest income figures include interest income on non-accruing loans to the extent that cash payments 
have been received in the period in which they are due. 
 
Financial information with respect to subsidiaries may not reflect consolidation adjustments. 
 
Certain numerical information in this Base Prospectus may not sum due to rounding. In addition, 
information regarding period-to-period changes is based on numbers which have not been rounded.

--- Page 271 ---
ISSUER 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
Calle Sauceda, 28 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
GUARANTOR 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Plaza de San Nicolás, 4 
48005 Bilbao 
Spain 
 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Azul, 4 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
 
 
PRINCIPAL WARRANT AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester 
Street London EC2N 2DB  
United Kingdom 
LUXEMBOURG WARRANT AGENT, 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
CALCULATION AGENT 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Azul,  
428050 Madrid  
Spain