--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) 
incorporated under Dutch law with its seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but its tax residency in Spain) 
€1,000,000,000 Structured Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain) 
 
Under this €1,000,000,000 Structured Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), BBVA Global Markets B.V. (the "Issuer") may 
from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed with the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
This document (this "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Conditions") will comprise the 
General Conditions, each Annex specified as applicable in the completed Final Terms (each as defined below). This Base Prospectus, any 
supplement to this Base Prospectus (a "Supplement to this Base Prospectus"), any applicable Annex and the Final Terms for a Series will 
comprise the "Offering Documents". 
The satisfaction of the Issuer's economic obligations (in cash and in deliverable assets) in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed pursuant to a Guarantee (the "Guarantee") entered into by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. ("BBVA" or the 
"Guarantor"). The Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to herein as the "Group". 
Notes may be issued in bearer, registered or in dematerialised book-entry form (respectively "Bearer Notes", "Registered Notes" and 
"Book-Entry Notes"). 
Notes may be issued whose return (whether in respect of any interest payable on such Notes and/or their redemption amount) is linked to 
one or more indices ("Index Linked Notes"), one or more shares or depositary receipts ("Equity Linked Notes"), one or more inflation 
indices ("Inflation Linked Notes"), one or more exchange traded fund shares ("ETF Linked Notes"), one or more fund shares or units 
("Fund Linked Notes"), the credit of a specified entity or entities ("Credit Linked Notes"), one or more foreign exchange rates ("Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes") or any combination thereof ("Combination Notes") as more fully described herein. Notes may 
provide that settlement will be by way of cash settlement ("Cash Settled Notes") or physical delivery ("Physically Settled Notes") as 
provided in the Final Terms. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €1,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies). Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more dealers appointed from time to time by the 
Issuer (the "Dealers" and each a "Dealer"). References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes as designated in 
each specific issue of Notes. 
Potential investors should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Notes and the extent of their exposure to risks and 
that they consider the suitability of the relevant Notes as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial 
condition. An investment in Notes may involve a high degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a total loss 
of the purchase price of their Notes. For a discussion of these risks see the "Risk Factors" section on pages 9 to 49 below. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the 
public in the EEA other than in the circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation (as defined below). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus has been prepared in 
accordance with Annexes 6, 14, 17, 21, 22 and 28 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. This Base Prospectus has been 
approved as a base prospectus by the Spanish National Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the 
“CNMV”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The CNMV only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or Guarantor or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes 
that are to be admitted to trading on the Spanish AIAF Fixed Income Securities Market (“AIAF”) or on another regulated market for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the EEA in circumstances that 
require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to 
be admitted to trading on AIAF. Application may also be made to any other Spanish stock exchange or Multilateral Trading Facility

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
(“MTF”) specified in the Final Terms of the Notes. AIAF is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II").  
The Notes, the Guarantee and any Entitlement(s) (as defined below) have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or any U.S. state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") unless an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United 
States and any other jurisdiction. See "Form of the Notes" for a description of the manner and form in which Notes will be issued. The Notes 
are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Notes may be offered in the 
United States to U.S. persons that are "qualified institutional buyers" (each a "QIB") as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act 
("Rule 144A") who are also "qualified purchasers" (each a "QP") within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act") and the rules and regulations thereunder, by BBVA Securities Inc. (in such capacity, 
the "Initial Purchaser"). The Notes, the Guarantee and any Entitlement(s) do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of 
sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the 
"CEA"), and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission pursuant to the CEA.   
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms 
relating to the Notes, the Notes issued under the Programme are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor  in (i) the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in (ii) the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”)). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a “retail client ” as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or a “retail client” as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”) or within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, in each case, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in , respectively, point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”) or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) or the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA and/or in 
the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/or the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – SWISS RETAIL INVESTORS - If and to the extent the Notes will be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly to 
retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) ("Retail Clients") pursuant to Article 4 para. 2 FinSA a key investor document 
(Basisinformationsblatt) in the sense of Article 58 et seq. of FinSA relating to the Notes (a "FinSA-KID") would need to be prepared, unless 
the Retail Clients shall receive a key information document pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation instead of a FinSA-KID. Prior to 1 January 
2022, the issuer may use a Swiss simplified prospectus in the sense of the CISA in its version dated 1 March 2013 ("Swiss Simplified 
Prospectus") instead of a FinSA-KID or a key information document pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II//UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE TARGET MARKET – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance” and/or “UK MiFIR Product Governance Target Market" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market  assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to (i) MiFID II and/or (ii) the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules") and the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance and/or the UK MiFIR  Product Governance 
Rules. 
EU BENCHMARK REGULATION – Amounts payable under the Notes or assets deliverable under the Notes may be calculated or 
otherwise determined by reference to certain reference rates, indices or other variables, which may constitute a benchmark under the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the “BMR”). If any such reference rate, index or variable does constitute such a 
benchmark, the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes which are not Exempt  Notes will indicate whether or not the administrator 
thereof is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA Register") pursuant to Article 36 of the BMR. Not every reference rate, index or variable will fall within the scope of 
the BMR. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the BMR may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not  
required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of any 
administrator under the BMR is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update 
any Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of any administrator.  
The Issuer is incorporated under Dutch law and has its seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but has its tax residency in Spain. The 
Guarantor is incorporated and has its tax residency in Spain. Potential investors should note the statements on pages 399 to 405 
(inclusive) regarding the tax treatment in Spain of income obtained in respect of the Notes. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may agree with the relevant Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" set out herein, in which event a Supplement to this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which 
will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
In connection with any offering of Notes under this Base Prospects, the Dealers are not acting for anyone other than the Issuer and will not 
be responsible to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their clients nor for providing advice in relation to 
the offering.  
Arranger and Dealer  
BBVA 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 15 July 2021.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Notice of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which will be 
filed with CNMV and published on the website of CNMV (www.cnmv.es).  
The Issuer and the Guarantor (the "Responsible Persons") accept responsibility for the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Responsible Persons the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis 
that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. Other than in relation to the 
documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the 
information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the CNMV. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this 
document has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Dealer(s) have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the 
Dealer(s) as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with (a) this Base Prospectus or (b) any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the 
Dealer(s). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealer(s) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue 
of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the 
Dealer(s) to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and/or the Guarantor is correct 
at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The 
Dealer(s) expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their 
attention. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer(s) do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer(s) which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution 
of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither the Offering Documents nor any advertisement or other

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result 
in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession the Offering Documents 
or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of 
the Offering Documents and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of the Offering Documents and the offer or sale of Notes in, without limitation, the United States, 
the United Kingdom and the EEA (including, without limitation, Spain, the Republic of Italy, Germany and 
France) (see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions"). 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of Notes with a denomination of 
less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and at least €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) only in circumstances where there is an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus. As a result, any offer of Notes in any member state of the EEA (each, a 
"Relevant State") must be made pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation from 
the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to 
make an offer of Notes in that relevant Member State may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation 
arises for the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer(s) makes any representation to any investor in the Notes 
regarding the legality of its investments under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to 
bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential purchaser of Notes should realise 
that investing in the Notes entails significant risks and may not be appropriate for purchasers lacking financial 
expertise. Prospective purchasers should consult their own financial, tax and legal advisors as to the risks 
entailed by an investment in such Notes and the suitability of such Notes in light of their particular 
circumstances and ensure that its acquisition is fully consistent with their financial needs and investment 
policies, is lawful under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and/or in which it operates, and is a 
suitable investment for it to make. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that 
investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either 
on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisors, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable Supplement to this Base Prospectus and all the information contained in 
the Final Terms; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the specified 
currency for principal or interest payments of the Notes is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; 
(e) 
in respect of Notes linked to the performance of, without limitation, one or more, or a combination of, 
underlying shares or depositary receipts, indices, rates of interest, other rates, foreign exchange rates, 
exchange traded fund shares, funds, inflation indices and/or entities (together, "Reference Items" and 
each, a "Reference Item") (in respect of such Notes, together, "Reference Item Linked Notes" and 
each a "Reference Item Linked Note"), understands thoroughly (if necessary, in consultation with the 
investor's own legal, tax, accountancy, regulatory, investment or other professional advisers) the nature 
of each such Reference Item Linked Note; and 
(f) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer or any affiliate of BBVA has given, and will not give, to any 
potential investor in the Notes (either directly or indirectly) any assurance, advice, recommendation or guarantee

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
as to the merits, performance or suitability of such Notes, and the investor should be aware that the Issuer is 
acting as an arm's-length contractual counterparty and not as an advisor or fiduciary. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. 
No website referred to in this Base Prospectus forms part of this Base Prospectus. 
SPANISH TAX RULES  
Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July ("RD 1065/2007"), as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, 
of 29 July ("RD 1145/2011"), sets out the reporting obligations applicable to preference shares and debt 
instruments (including debt instruments issued at a discount for a period equal to or less than twelve months) 
issued under the First Additional Provision of Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on Organisation, Supervision and 
Solvency of Credit Entities ("Law 10/2014"). 
General 
The procedure described in this Base Prospectus for the provision of information required by Spanish laws and 
regulations is a summary only. Holders of Notes must seek their own advice to ensure that the relevant 
procedures to ensure correct tax treatment of their Notes are complied with. None of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Dealer(s), the Paying Agents, the European Clearing Systems or DTC assumes any responsibility 
therefor. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are corporations organised under the laws of the Netherlands and Spain 
respectively. All or most of the officers and directors of the Issuer and the Guarantor named herein reside 
outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of such 
officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to 
effect service of process outside the Netherlands and Spain upon the Issuer and Spain upon the Guarantor or 
such persons, or to enforce judgments against them obtained in courts outside the Netherlands and Spain 
predicated upon civil liabilities of the Issuer and the Guarantor or such directors and officers under laws other 
than the laws of the Netherlands and the laws of Spain, including any judgment predicated upon United States 
federal securities laws.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE PROGRAMME ........................................................................................ 8 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................................................... 9 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................................ 50 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .................................................................................................. 52 
Annex 1 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts ........................................................... 98 
Annex 2 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Notes .................................... 1344 
Annex 3 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked Notes ................................... 1477 
Annex 4 
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Notes ...................................... 1644 
Annex 5 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes ..................................... 1811 
Annex 6 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes ................................ 1922 
Annex 7 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes . 198 
Annex 8 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes ................................... 2100 
Annex 9 
Usd Libor Benchmark Transition Event Annex ....................................................... 283 
FORM OF NOTES .............................................................................................................................................. 287 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  ................................................................................................................................ 293 
USE OF PROCEEDS ...................................................................................................................................... 36868 
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEM ......................................................................................................... ..370 
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V. ................................................................................. 3766 
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. ..................................................... 3800 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................................................... 399 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ................................... 4144 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................ 4355

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this 
Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes. The final terms of each Tranche of Notes 
will be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Dealer(s) prior to the issue of such Tranche and will be 
set out and completed by Part A of the applicable Final Terms or as modified and/or supplemented, as 
applicable.  
 
Notes may be issued whose return (whether in respect of any interest payable on such Notes and/or their 
redemption amount) is linked to one or more indices ("Index Linked Notes"), one or more shares or depositary 
receipts ("Equity Linked Notes"), one or more inflation indices ("Inflation Linked Notes"), one or more 
exchange traded fund shares ("ETF Linked Notes"), one or more fund shares or units ("Fund Linked Notes"), 
the credit of a specified entity or entities ("Credit Linked Notes"), one or more foreign exchange rates 
("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes") or any combination thereof ("Combination Notes") as more 
fully described herein. Notes may provide that settlement will be by way of cash settlement ("Cash Settled 
Notes") or physical delivery ("Physically Settled Notes") as provided in the Final Terms.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors expose themselves to the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor may become 
insolvent, subject to early intervention or resolution measures, or otherwise be unable to make all payments due 
in respect of the Notes. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their 
ability to fulfil their obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are 
contingencies which may or may not occur. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or otherwise perform its obligations in connection with any Notes may occur for 
other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by either the Issuer or the Guarantor based on 
information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective 
investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own 
views prior to making any investment decision.  
Prospective investors in the Notes should consider carefully, among other things in the light of their financial 
circumstances and investment objectives, all of the information in this Base Prospectus and, in particular, the 
risk factors set forth below (which each of the Issuer and the Guarantor, in its reasonable opinion, believes 
represent or may represent the risk factors known to it which may affect the Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes) in making an investment decision. Noteholders may lose the 
value of their entire investment in certain circumstances. 
References herein to "BBVA" or to the "Bank" shall be read and construed as references to the Guarantor.  
The Risk Factors set out below appear under the following headings: 
1. 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer. 
1.1 
The Issuer is dependent on the Guarantor to make payments on the Notes 
1.2 
Certain considerations in relation to the forum upon insolvency of the Issuer  
2. 
Risk Factors relating to the Guarantor.  
2.1. 
Macroeconomic Risks and COVID-19 Consequences 
2.2. 
Business Risks  
2.3. 
Financial Risks  
2.4. 
Legal, Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks   
2.5. 
Operational Risks 
3. 
Risk Factors relating to the Notes. 
3.1 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  
3.2 
Risk Factors associated with Notes that are linked to one or more specific types of Reference 
Items. 
3.3 
Risk Factors associated generally with Notes that are linked to Reference Item(s). 
3.4 
Risk Factors relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes.  
3.5 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes generally. 
3.6  
Risk Factor relating to Sustainable Notes.

--- Page 10 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
 
1. 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer 
1.1 
The Issuer is dependent on the Guarantor to make payments on the Notes 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor which was established for the purpose of, among 
others, issuing Notes and on-lending the proceeds within the Group. The Issuer is therefore dependent upon 
other members of the Group paying interest on and repaying their loans in a timely fashion. Should the 
Guarantor fail to pay interest on or repay any loan in a timely fashion this will have a material adverse effect on 
the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  
By virtue of its dependence on the Guarantor, each of the risks described below that affect the Guarantor will 
also indirectly affect the Issuer. 
1.2 
Certain considerations in relation to the forum upon insolvency of the Issuer  
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the court having jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings and the law 
applicable to those proceedings and their effects will be determined in accordance with the provisions of 
Council Regulation (EC) No 848/2015, of 20 May 2015, on insolvency proceedings ("Regulation 848/2015"), 
the Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May 2020, that approved the reinstated provisions of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law 22/2003, of 9 July 2003, as amended (the "Spanish Insolvency Law") and the Dutch 
Insolvency Law (faillissementswet) of 30 September 1893, as amended (the "Dutch Insolvency Law"). 
Pursuant to these provisions, the courts of the place where the Issuer has its centre of main interests shall have 
jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against it and the law applicable to the insolvency proceedings and 
their effects will be the law of the place where such proceedings are opened.  
Under Regulation 848/2015 the centre of main interests should correspond to the place where the debtor 
conducts the administration of its interests on a regular basis and is therefore ascertainable by third parties. In 
the case of a company or legal person, Regulation 848/2015 presumes, in the absence of proof to the contrary, 
that the place of its registered office is the centre of its main interests. Based on this presumption a Dutch court 
may consider that it has jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. Notwithstanding this 
presumption, it is arguable that the centre of main interests of the Issuer should be considered to be located in 
Spain and that the Spanish courts should be the courts with jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against 
it. In addition, even if the centre of main interests of the Issuer were not in Spain, the Spanish court could still 
open insolvency proceedings (named territorial insolvency proceedings) if they consider that the Issuer has an 
establishment within the territory of Spain, the effects of which would be limited to the assets of the Issuer 
situated in Spain. 
Noteholders should be aware that, in accordance with the above, in the case of an eventual insolvency of the 
Issuer, there is uncertainty as to whether the insolvency proceedings would be opened in the Netherlands or in 
Spain. 
2. 
Risk Factors relating to the Guarantor 
The description of the risks inherent to the activity of the BBVA Group, its businesses and its operations, as well 
as the quantitative information on the different risks, based on data referring to the 2020, 2019 and 2018 
financial years, and, where appropriate, data referring to the three-month period ended 31 March 2021, are 
described in this section and it complements what is included in the Consolidated Annual Accounts and 
Consolidated Management Report for the year ended 31 December 2020 2019 and 2018 and the quarterly report 
for the three months ended 31 March 2021. 
In the Chapter of Risk Management of the Management Report attached to the Consolidated Annual Accounts 
for 2020, both the risk factors and the risk principles and policies of the BBVA Group are indicated, as well as 
the corporate governance scheme on risk management, the internal control model and the tools, circuits and 
relevant procedures.  
The main risk factors that the BBVA Group takes into consideration at the date of this Base Prospectus are 
detailed below. 
2.1 
Macroeconomic Risks and COVID-19 Consequences 
The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic is adversely affecting the Group  
The COVID-19 (coronavirus) pandemic has affected and is expected to continue to adversely affect the world 
economy, having led many of the countries in which the Group operates to economic recession in 2020. This

--- Page 11 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
11 
 
 
recession is expected to be followed by high but uneven activity growth across sectors and geographies in 2021. 
Among other challenges, the countries in which the Group operates have experienced widespread increases in 
unemployment levels and declines in production, while public debt has significantly increased due to the 
support and spending measures implemented by authorities. Furthermore, an increase in loan losses by both 
companies and individuals is expected, which has so far been slowed down by the impact of government and 
sector support measures, including bank payment deferrals and direct aid measures. In addition, volatility in the 
financial markets may continue, affecting exchange rates and the value of assets and investments, all of which 
has adversely affected the Group's results in 2020 and is expected to continue to affect them in the future. 
Furthermore, the Group  has been and may continue to be affected by the specific measures or recommendations 
adopted by regulatory authorities in the banking sector, such as variations in reference interest rates, the 
relaxation of prudential requirements, the suspension of dividend payments, the deferral of monthly instalments 
for certain loans and the implementation of credit lines with public guarantees, especially to companies and self-
employed individuals, as well as changes in the financial asset purchase programs by the European Central Bank 
(ECB). As of March 31, 2021, the amounts of payment deferrals and financing granted with a public guarantee 
reached 3 million customers at the Group level and amounted to €43,954 million, equivalent to 12.9% of the 
lending portfolio of which 62% are payment deferrals and 38% financing with public guarantee. Although as of 
March 31, 2021, 80%, of the payment deferrals granted due to the COVID-19 pandemic have already expired 
and, therefore, it has been possible to observe the payment behavior for many customers, there are still existing 
transactions that will be due for the first time before the end of the first semester of 2021. Hence, as of March 
31, 2021, it is not possible to anticipate the payment behavior for these customers since it cannot yet be assured 
that economic conditions will improve during that period.   
Since the outbreak of COVID-19, the Group has experienced a decline in its activity. For example, the granting 
of new loans to individuals has decreased since mobility restriction measures were approved in certain countries 
in which the Group operates. In addition, the Group faces various risks, such as a greater risk of impairment of 
the value of its assets (including financial instruments valued at fair value, which may suffer significant 
fluctuations) and of the securities held for liquidity reasons, an even further increase in non-performing loans 
and risk-weighted assets, as well as a negative impact on the Group's financing cost and its access to financing 
(especially in an environment where credit ratings are affected). As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, 
8% and 9%, respectively, of the Group’s exposure is placed in sectors identified as most vulnerable to the 
current environment, especially leisure, residential real estate, commercial real estate, nonfood retailers and air 
transportation. 
Since the beginning of the crisis in the first quarter of 2020, security, business continuity and public support 
measures have been adopted in the countries in which the Group operates, most of which have consisted of 
public guarantees for new loans to companies and SMEs, moratoria and deferral of payments in certain home 
loans.There has been an operational network of offices with dynamic management and reinforcement of digital 
channels, in addition to promoting remote work, prioritizing health protection. Once these measures are 
completed, the Group may have to carry out deterioration or write-offs in its lending portfolios as a result of the 
deterioration of the credit quality of its clients, especially SMEs. Such impairments or write-offs could have a 
significant adverse effect on the Group's business, financial situation and operating results. 
In addition, in several of the countries in which the Group operates, including Spain, the Group closed the 
branches and reduced opening hours of working with the public, depending on the confinement measures 
established in each geography, and the teams that provide central services have had to work remotely. While 
these measures were progressively reversed in most regions, it is unclear how long it will take before they can 
be fully reversed due to the persistence of the COVID-19 pandemic. Furthermore, the COVID-19 pandemic 
could also adversely affect the business and operations of third parties that provide critical services to the Group 
and, in particular, the greater demand and/or reduced availability of certain resources could in some cases make 
it more difficult for the Group to maintain the required service levels. Furthermore, the increase in remote 
working has increased the risks related to cybersecurity, as the use of non-corporate networks has increased. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has had an adverse effect on the Group's results and capital base.  
In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic had an extraordinary adverse effect, causing an increase in the cost of risk 
associated with the lending portfolio, mainly due to the deterioration of the macroeconomic environment, which 
in the Group as a whole had a negative impact registered in the first semester of 2020 which amounts to €2,009 
million (including the initial adverse effect of the payment deferrals) and provisions for impairment of credit

--- Page 12 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
12 
 
 
risks and contingent commitments for €95 million, as well as a deterioration on the goodwill of the Group's 
subsidiary in the United States. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has also exacerbated, and is likely to continue to exacerbate, other risks disclosed in 
this section, including but not limited to, risks associated with the credit quality of the Group’s borrowers and 
counterparties or collateral, any withdrawal of ECB funding (of which the Group has made and continues to 
make significant use), the Group’s exposure to sovereign debt and rating downgrades, the Group’s ability to 
comply with its regulatory requirements, including MREL (as defined in this document) and other capital 
requirements, and the deterioration of economic conditions or changes in the institutional environment. 
The final magnitude of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group's business, financial condition and 
results of operations, which is expected to be significant, will depend on future and uncertain events, including 
the intensity and persistence over time of the consequences arising from the COVID-19 pandemic in the 
different geographies in which the Group operates. 
A deterioration in economic conditions or the institutional environment in the countries where the Group 
operates could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations 
The Group is sensitive to the deterioration of economic conditions or the alteration of the institutional 
environment of the countries in which it operates, and especially of Spain, Mexico and Turkey, which 
respectively represented 54.9%, 15.3%  and 8.2% of the Group's assets as of March 31, 2021 (55.1%, 15.0%. 
and 8.1% as of December 31, 2020). As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Group's attributable 
profit amounted to €1,210 and €1,305 million, respectively, (€1,033 and €3,084 million adjusted attributable 
profit), being the percentage on the adjusted attributable profit of Spain, Mexico, Turkey and South America, 
36.9%, 47.7%, 18.5% and 10.0%; and 19.7%, 57.0%, 18.3% and 14.5%, respectively. As of March 31, 2021 and 
December 31, 2020, the balances of assets corresponding to the companies for sale in the United States that 
have been reclassified from their corresponding accounting headings to the headings "Non-current assets and 
disposal groups classified as held for sale”, represents 12.3% and 11.7%, respectively. Additionally, the Group 
is exposed to sovereign debt, particularly sovereign debt related to these geographies.  
Currently, the world economy is facing several exceptional challenges. In particular, the crisis derived from the 
COVID-19 pandemic has abruptly and significantly deteriorated the economic conditions of the countries in 
which the Group operates, leading many of them to an economic recession in 2020. Furthermore, this crisis 
could lead to a deglobalisation of the world economy, produce an increase in protectionism or barriers to 
immigration, fuel the trade war between the United States and China and result in a general withdrawal of 
international trade in goods and services, as well as having other effects of long duration that transcend the 
pandemic itself. Added to this is the uncertainty regarding the UK’s exit from the EU (Brexit). The long-term 
effects of Brexit will depend on the relationship between the UK and the EU following its exit from the 
European Single Market, which took place last December 31, 2020, and the implementation of the trade 
agreement ratified by the European Parliament on April 28, 2021. Furthermore, in a scenario as uncertain as the 
current one, emerging economies (to which the Group is significantly exposed, particularly in the case of 
Mexico and Turkey) could be particularly vulnerable to a trade war or if there were changes in the financial risk 
appetite. Likewise, the possible triggering of a disorderly deleveraging process in China would pose a 
significant risk to these economies. 
Thus, the Group faces, among others, the following general risks to the economic and institutional environment 
in which it operates: a deterioration in economic activity in the countries in which it operates, which could lead 
to further economic recession in some or all of those countries; more intense deflationary pressures or even 
deflation; variations in exchange rates; a very low interest rate environment, or even a long period of negative 
interest rates in some regions where the Group operates; an unfavourable evolution of the real estate market, to 
which the Group remains significantly exposed; very low oil prices could particularly affect producing regions 
such as Venezuela, Mexico or Colombia, while a rise in oil prices could have a negative impact on the levels of 
income available in areas that are purely oil consuming, such as Spain or Turkey, where the Group is especially 
exposed; changes in the institutional environment in the countries in which the Group operates that could lead to 
sudden and sharp falls in GDP and/or regulatory changes; a growing public deficit that could lead to 
downgrades in sovereign debt credit ratings and even a possible default or restructuring of such debt; and 
episodes of volatility in markets, such as those currently being experienced, which could lead the Group to 
register significant losses. 
2.2 
Business Risks

--- Page 13 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
13 
 
 
The Group’s businesses are subject to inherent risks concerning borrower and counterparties credit quality 
and the value of collaterals that strengthen its lending portfolio, particularly in Spain, where adverse changes 
in the Spanish economy could have an adverse effect on the Group 
The total maximum credit risk exposure of the Group as of March 31, 2021 was €754,123 million (€749,524 
million, €809,786 million and €763,082 million  as of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 respectively). . The 
maximum exposure of loans and advances to customers at amortized cost at March 31, 2021 and December 31, 
2020 is €322,866 and €323,252 million, respectively, of which Spain, Mexico and Turkey represent 60%, 17% 
and 12% and 61%, 16% and 12% respectively. The accumulated loss allowances of loans and advances to 
customers at amortized cost at March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 amount to €12,183 and €12,105 million, 
respectively, of which Spain, Mexico and Turkey represent 47%, 18% and 20% and 47%, 18% and 19% 
respectively The Group has exposures to many different products, counterparties and obligors and the credit 
quality of its exposures can have a significant effect on the Group’s earnings. Adverse changes in the credit 
quality of the Groups borrowers and counterparties or collateral, or in their behaviour or businesses, may reduce 
the value of the Group’s assets, and materially increase the Group’s write-downs and loss allowances. Credit 
risk can be affected by a range of factors, including an adverse economic environment, reduced consumer, 
corporate or government spending, changes in the rating of individual contractual counterparties, their debt 
levels and the environment in which they operate, increased unemployment, reduced asset values, increased 
retail or corporate insolvency levels, reduced corporate profits, changes (and the timing, quantum and pace of 
these changes) in interest rates, counterparty challenges to the interpretation or validity of contractual 
arrangements or provisions and legal and regulatory developments. 
Non-performing or impaired  customer loans have been adversely affecting, and are expected to continue to 
adversely affect, the Group's results given the increasing economic uncertainty. As of March 31, 2021 and  
December 31, 2020, the Group had a non-performing loan (NPL) ratio (as defined in“Alternative Performance 
Measures” of the Management Report 2020) of 4.3% and 4.2% respectively, compared to 3.8% and 3.9% as of 
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, NPL ratio had progressively 
improved due in part to the low interest rates, which improved clients' ability to pay. However, NPLs are 
expected to significantly increase once payment deferrals schemes adopted by governments are lifted due to the 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Historically, the Group has developed its lending activity mainly in Spain, which continues to be one of its 
fundamental business areas, so that, as of December 31, 2020, the total risk in financial assets in Spain 
amounted to €236,016 of a total of €563,964 million at Group level, which was equivalent to 42% of the 
Group's total risk in financial assets at that date. Total loans and advances at amortized cost March 31, 2021 and 
December 31, 2020 amounted to €327,646 and €331,931 million, respectively. Although the increase in 
unemployment has been limited by the application of records of temporary employment regulation (ERTEs), an 
increase in unemployment is expected when these measures are withdrawn in 2021. On the other hand, although 
the economic recovery is expected to be driven by the implementation of initiatives by the European Union, in 
particular the financial support linked to the Next Generation EU plan, there are risks regarding the ability of the 
Spanish economy to absorb EU funds and translate that support into productive investments. Additionally, the 
Spanish economy is especially sensitive to the economic conditions of the Eurozone, this being the main export 
market for Spanish goods and services. As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, loans and advances to 
customers of the Group in Spain amounted to €194,661 and €195,983 million, representing 61%, respectively, 
of the total amount of loans and advances to customers included in the Group's consolidated balance sheet. 
Furthermore, the Group's business in Spain comprises relevant transactions in Catalonia, which accounted for 
16% of the Group's assets in Spain as of December 31, 2020 (18% as of December 31, 2019). Although social 
and political tensions have generally eased since 2017, should such tensions rebound, there could be scenarios 
of uncertainty, volatility in the capital markets and a deterioration in the economic situation and financing 
conditions in Spain. 
In addition, it is possible that the current scenario of economic deterioration results in a decrease in the prices of 
real estate assets in Spain and other countries. In particular, Mexico (whose total risk in financial assets amounts 
to €92,667 million, 16% of the Group), and Turkey (whose total risk in financial assets amounts to €48,253 
million, 9% of the Group), taking into account the Group's exposure to these markets. 
Additionally, as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Group's exposure to the construction and real 
estate sectors (excluding the mortgage portfolio) in Spain was equivalent to €9,909 million and €10,024  
million, of which €2,563 million and €2,565 million respectively (with an accumulated impairment of €272 
million and €281 million respectively) corresponded to loans for construction and development activities in 
Spain (representing 1.6% of the Group's loans and advances to customers in Spain (excluding the public sector)

--- Page 14 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
14 
 
 
and 0.3% of the Group's consolidated assets). As of March 31, 2021, Spain with €6,713 million represents 55% 
of the Group's exposure to the real estate sector (€12,717 million), with Mexico and Turkey representing 14%, 
respectively. Moreover, the Group continues to be exposed to the real estate market, mainly in Spain, due to the 
fact that many of its loans are secured by real estate assets, due to the significant volume of real estate assets that 
it maintains on its balance sheet, and due to its shareholding in real estate companies such as Metrovacesa, S.A. 
and Divarian Propiedad, S.A (Divarian). The total real estate exposure, (excluding the mortgage portfolio),  
including developer credit, foreclosed assets and other assets, reflected a coverage ratio of 53% in Spain as of 
December 31, 2020. The group's total coverage ratio as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 amounted to 
81% and 82%, respectively. A fall in the prices of real estate assets in Spain (or in other countries where the 
Group has significant real estate exposure such as Mexico) would reduce the value of the shareholdings referred 
to above, as well as the value of any real estate securing loans granted by the Group and, therefore, in the event 
of default, the amount of the “expected losses” related to such loans would increase. In addition, it could also 
have a significant adverse effect on the NPL ratios of the Group's residential mortgage portfolio (4.7% and 4.5% 
as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively), the balance of which, as of March 31, 2021, and 
December 31, 2020 was €91,438 and €91,428 million, respectively y (€110,534 million as of December 31, 
2019). As of March 31, 2021, Spain and Mexico represent approximately 78% and 11%, respectively. The 
coverage ratio of the mortgage portfolio3 was 39% and 41% as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, 
respectively). 
The magnitude, timing and pace of any increase in default rates will be key for the Group. Furthermore, it is 
possible that the Group has incorrectly assessed the creditworthiness or willingness to pay of its borrowers and 
counterparties, that it has underestimated the credit risks and potential losses inherent in its credit exposure and 
that it has made insufficient provisions for such risks in a timely manner. These processes, which have a crucial 
impact on the Group's results and financial condition, require difficult, subjective and complex calculations, 
including forecasts of the impact that macroeconomic conditions could have on these borrowers and 
counterparties. In particular, the processes followed by the Group to estimate losses derived from its exposure to 
credit risk may prove to be inadequate or insufficient in the current environment of high economic uncertainty, 
which could affect the adequacy of the provisions for insolvencies provided by the Group. An increase in non-
performing or low-quality loans could significantly and adversely affect the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the net amount of refinancing and restructuring of the Group 
amounted to €12,015 million and €11,840 million (3.8% and 3.7% of total loans to customers respectively) of 
which €9,266 million and €9,239 million have a real guarantee and €6,445 million and €6,337 million have a 
real estate guarantee, respectively. As of December 31, 2019, the net amount was €11,450 million, a 4.9% 
increase compared to March 31, 2021. As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the percentage of Spain, 
Mexico and Turkey on the total amount of refinancing and restructuring of the Group was 65.9%, 7.7% and 
16.7% and 66.3%, 6.9% and 16.6%, respectively. 
 
The Group’s business is particularly vulnerable to interest rates and is exposed to risks associated with the 
continuity of certain reference rates and the transition to alternative reference rates 
The Group’s results of operations are substantially dependent upon the level of its net interest income, which is 
the difference between interest income from interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing 
liabilities. As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 and 2019, the percentage of interest margin with 
respect to gross margin was 67%, 72% and 73%, respectively. This margin, in the first quarter of 2021, has 
decreased by 14.2% compared to the first quarter of 2020 (2.3% at constant exchange rates). The evolution is 
different between the different geographies in which the Group operates given that in Spain the net interest 
margin has fallen by 1.3%; in Mexico 11.6% (1.8% at constant exchange rates), in Turkey 35.4% (14.6% at 
constant exchange rates) and in South America 13.5% (increase of 5.7% at constant exchange rates). As of 
March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the interest margin sensitivity ratio (projected at 12 months) to interest 
rate falls (generally 100 basis points, although in the case of Euro and USD negative interest rate scenarios, 
those are allowed up to plausible levels below the current ones) on the projected 12-month interest margin 
would have a negative impact on interest margin depending on the geographical area: Euro Balance -7.75% and 
-8, 23%; Mexico -2.88% and -2.96%; Turkey -1.38% and -0.77% and South America -2.55% and -2.13%, 
respectively.  
With regard to the risk of variation in the market value of assets and liabilities, as of December 31, 2020, the 
average VaR was €27 million. By type of market risk assumed by the Group's trading portfolio, the main risk 
factor in the Group continues to be linked to interest rates, representing a 56% of the total at the end of 2020 
(including spread risk) and decreasing the relative weight compared to the end of 2019 (58%). On the other

--- Page 15 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
15 
 
 
hand, the exchange risk represents a 22%, a slight increase compared to the end of the year 2019 (13%), while 
variable income risk and volatility and correlation risk, decrease, representing a 22% at the end of the year 2020 
(versus 29% at the end of the year 2019). As of December 31, 2020, the VaR balance was €28 million (€32 
million corresponding to interest and spread risk, €12 million to exchange rate risk, €2 million to equity risk and 
€11 million to volatility risk and -€29 million of diversification effect). 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group's control, including fiscal and monetary 
policies of governments and central banks, regulation of  the financial sector in the markets in which it operates, 
domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors. In this sense, the COVID-19 
pandemic has triggered a process of cuts in reference interest rates, which, moreover, will likely take time to be 
raised  and, if raised, interest rates will likely increase at a slower rate than previously foreseen. It is possible 
that changes in market interest rates, which could be negative in some cases, and the ongoing benchmark 
reforms, affect the Group’s interest-earning assets differently from the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities This, 
in turn, may lead to a reduction in the Group's net interest margin, which could have a significant adverse effect 
on its results. Moreover, the ongoing benchmark reforms expose the Group to other significant risks, including 
legal and operational risks. 
Such reform of the benchmarks exposes the Group to other significant risks, including legal and operational 
risks. In recent years, international regulators have been driving a transition from the use of interbank offer rates 
(“IBORs”), including EURIBOR, LIBOR and EONIA, to alternative risk free rates (“RFRs”). This has resulted 
in regulatory reform and changes to existing IBORs, with further changes anticipated. These reforms and 
changes may cause an IBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. For 
example, in 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that it will no longer persuade or compel 
banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021, and EONIA modified its methodology on 
October 2, 2019 and will likely be discontinued as from January 2022. In November 2019, the determination 
methodology for EURIBOR was changed to a new hybrid methodology using transaction-based data and other 
sources of data. 
Uncertainty as to the nature and extent of such reforms and changes, and how they might affect financial 
instruments, may adversely affect the valuation or trading of a broad array of financial instruments that use 
IBORs, including any EURIBOR, EONIA or LIBOR-based securities, loans, deposits and derivatives that are 
issued by the Group or otherwise included in the Group’s financial assets and liabilities. Such uncertainty may 
also affect the availability and cost of hedging instruments and borrowings. The Group is particularly exposed to 
EURIBOR-based financial instruments. The nominal of the hedging instruments directly affected by the IBOR 
reform as of December 31, 2020 was €9,658 million for cash flow hedges and €12,351 million for fair value 
hedges. 
It is not possible to predict the timing or full effect of the transition to RFRs. As a result of such transition, the 
Group will be required to adapt or amend documentation for new and the majority of existing financial 
instruments, and may be subject to disputes (including with customers of the Group) related thereto, either of 
which could have an adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations. The implementation of any alternative 
RFRs may be impossible or impracticable under the existing terms of certain financial instruments. Such 
transition could also result in pricing risks arising from how changes to reference rates could impact pricing 
mechanisms in some instruments, and could have an adverse effect on the value of, return on and trading market 
for such financial instruments and on the Group’s profitability. In addition, the transition to RFRs will require 
important operational changes to the Group’s systems and infrastructure as all systems will need to account for 
the changes in the reference rates. 
As of December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, 53%, 59% and 62% of the total transactions with a maturity greater 
than one year of "Loans and advances to customers" have variable interest rate. This significance amount of 
loans tied to variable interest rates makes the profitability of the loans more sensitive to falls in interest rates 
and, in addition, that the repayment capacity of these loans was more sensitive to changes in interest rates too. 
Furthermore, if interest rates were to increase in some or all of the Group’s markets, this could reduce the 
demand for credit and the Group’s ability to generate credit for its clients, as well as contribute to an increase in 
the NPL ratio.  
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations.

--- Page 16 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
16 
 
 
The Group faces increasing competition and is exposed to a changing business model   
In recent years, the financial services sector has undergone a significant transformation driven by the 
development of the Internet and mobile technologies and the entry of new players into activities previously 
controlled by financial institutions. The markets in which the Group operates are highly competitive and it is 
expected that this trend will continue in the coming years with the increasing entry of non-bank competitors 
(some of which have large client portfolios and strong brand recognition) and the emergence of new business 
models, as indicated by the Financial Stability Board´s report on FinTech and market structure in financial 
services at a global level, banks have a share of approximately 39% of total financial services market at the end 
of 2019 and non-bank financial intermediaries a 49,5%. Traditionally, commercial banks have been the only 
providers of financial products and services, from credit to deposits, including payment and investment services. 
Although the Group is making efforts to anticipate these changes, betting on its digital transformation, its 
competitive position is affected by the regulatory asymmetry that benefits non-bank operators. For example, 
banking groups are subject to prudential regulations that have implications for most of their businesses, 
including those in which they compete with non-bank operators that are only subject to regulations specific to 
the activity they develop or that benefit from loopholes in the regulatory framework. Furthermore, when 
banking groups carry out financial activities through the use of new technologies, they are generally subject to 
additional internal governance rules that place such groups at a competitive disadvantage. 
Moreover, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including cryptocurrencies and payment systems that 
do not use the banking system, could require substantial investment to modify or adapt existing products and 
services as the Group continues to increase its mobile and internet banking capabilities and online. Likewise, the 
increasing use of these new technologies and mobile banking platforms could have an adverse impact on the 
Group's investments in facilities, equipment and employees of the branch network. A faster pace of 
transformation towards mobile and online banking models could require changes in the Group's commercial 
banking strategy, including the closure or sale of some branches and the restructuring of others, and reductions 
in employees. These changes could result in significant expenses as the Group reconfigures and transforms its 
commercial network. On the other hand, the trend towards the consolidation in the banking industry has created 
larger banks (such as the one resulting from the merger of Caixabank and Bankia) with which the Group must 
compete. Failure to efficiently and on a timely basis implement such changes could have a material adverse 
impact on the Group's competitive position or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition or results of operations. 
As indicated in the Relevant Event published 8 June 2021, BBVA reached an agreement with the union 
representatives on the collective layoff process for Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. in Spain initiated in 
13 April 2021 that will affect 2,935 employees. The agreement also includes the closing of 480 branches. The 
cost of the process is estimated at €960 million before taxes, of which 720 million correspond to the collective 
layoff and 240 million to the closing of branches. 
Existing loopholes in the regulatory environment create an uneven playing field between banks and non-bank 
players. Some new services or business models (“FinTechs” or “BigTechs”) are not yet covered by current 
regulations. In these cases, asymmetries may arise between players since regulated providers often face 
obstacles in engaging in unregulated activities. The future success of the Group depends, in part, on its ability to 
use technology to provide suitable products and services for customers. Despite the technological capabilities 
that the Group has been developing and its commitment to digitization, as a result of the aforementioned 
inequalities, it is likely that the Group may not be able to effectively implement new technology-based products 
and services or that it may not be successful in its commercialization, which would negatively affect the 
business, the financial situation and the results of the Group. 
In particular, the Group is challenged to compete in an environment in which the relationship with the customer 
is based on access to digital data and interactions. This access is increasingly dominated by digital platforms that 
are already eroding the Group's results in highly relevant markets such as payments. These platforms can 
leverage their advantage in access to data to compete with the Group in other markets and could reduce the 
Group's operations and margins in its core businesses such as lending or wealth management. The alliances that 
the Group's competitors are beginning to create with Bigtechs may prevent it from a successful competition and 
could adversely affect the Group. In the event that the Group is unable to face increasing competition 
successfully, its business, financial condition and results could be significantly and adversely affected. 
The Group faces risks related to its acquisitions and divestitures  
The Group has acquired and sold various companies and businesses over the past few years. As of June 1, 2021, 
the Group announced the closing of the sale of BBVA USA and certain other Group companies in the US.

--- Page 17 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
17 
 
 
As of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, goodwill impairment indicators were identified in the United 
States CGU and as a result of the goodwill valuation, the Group recorded impairments in the United States CGU 
which amounted to €2,084 million and €1,318 million, respectively. As of March 31, 2021, the goodwill 
registered in the Group corresponds to €896 million, mainly from Mexico and Turkey. 
Other recent transactions include the sale of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria Paraguay, S.A. (BBVA 
Paraguay) (the transaction generated a capital loss net of taxes of approximately €9 million), Banco Bilbao 
Vizcaya Argentaria Chile, S.A. (BBVA Chile)  and the transaction with Cerberus in relation to the real estate 
business in Spain.   
The Group may not complete any ongoing or future transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis or 
at all and, if completed, they may not obtain the expected results. In addition, if completed, the Group’s results 
of operations could be adversely affected by divestiture or acquisition-related charges and contingencies. The 
Group may be subject to litigation in connection with, or as a result of, divestitures or acquisitions, including 
claims from terminated employees, customers or third parties. In the case of an acquisition, the Group may be 
liable for potential or existing litigation and claims related to an acquired business, including because either the 
Group is not indemnified for such claims or the indemnification is insufficient. Further, in the case of a 
divestiture, the Group may be required to indemnify the buyer in respect of similar or other matters, including 
claims against the divested entity or business. 
In the case of an acquisition, even though the Group reviews the companies it plans to acquire, it is often not 
possible for these reviews to be complete in all respects and there may be risks associated with unforeseen 
events or liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses that may not have been revealed or properly 
assessed during the due diligence processes, resulting in the Group assuming unforeseen liabilities or an 
acquisition not performing as expected. In addition, acquisitions are inherently risky because of the difficulties 
that may arise in integrating people, operations and technologies that may arise. There can be no assurance that 
any of the businesses the Group acquires can be successfully integrated or that they will perform well once 
integrated. Acquisitions may also lead to potential write-downs that adversely affect the Group’s results of 
operations. 
Any of the foregoing may cause the Group to incur significant unexpected expenses, may divert significant 
resources and management attention from the Group’s other business concerns, or may otherwise have a 
material adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group faces risks derived from its international geographic diversification and its significant presence in 
emerging countries 
The Group is made up of commercial banks, insurance companies and other financial services companies in 
various countries and its performance as a global business depends on its ability to manage its different 
businesses under various economic, social and political conditions, facing different normative and regulatory 
requirements in many of the jurisdictions in which it operates (including, among others, different supervisory 
regimes and different tax and legal regimes related to  the repatriation of funds or the nationalisation or 
expropriation of assets).  
In addition, the Group's international operations may expose it to risks and challenges to which its local 
competitors may not be exposed, such as currency risk (As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 and 
2019, approximately 48.1%, 46.2% and 48.2% of the assets and 44.7%, 41.0% and 42.0% of the Group's 
liabilities, respectively, were denominated in currencies other than the euro), the difficulty in managing or 
supervising a local entity from abroad, political risks (which could affect only foreign investors) or limitations 
on the distribution or repatriation of dividends (for example, BBVA’s Venezuelan and Argentinean subsidiaries 
(whose book value is €78 million and €876 million, respectively, as of March 31, 2021) is subject to certain 
restrictions and there is no assurance that further restrictions will not be imposed), thus worsening its position 
compared to that of local competitors. 
In 2020, dividend income from its subsidiaries represented €1,245 million, approximately 20% of the gross 
margin of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. There has been a decrease of 38% compared to 2019, mainly 
due to the policies of Regulators about limiting the dividend distribution. Due, in part, to the Group's decision to 
follow a 'Multiple Point of Entry' strategy, in accordance with the framework for the resolution of financial 
entities designed by the Financial Stability Board (FSB), the Group’s subsidiaries are self-sufficient and each 
subsidiary is responsible for managing its own capital and liquidity. This means that the payment of dividends, 
distributions and advances by the Group’s subsidiaries to BBVA depends not only on the results of those 
subsidiaries, but also on the context of their operations and liquidity needs, and may be further limited by legal,

--- Page 18 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
18 
 
 
regulatory and contractual restrictions. For example, in response to the crisis caused by the COVID-19 
pandemic, certain restrictions were adopted that affect the distribution and/or repatriation of dividends of some 
of the Group's subsidiaries. There is no assurance that these restrictions will not remain in effect or, where lifted, 
reinstated, or that similar or new restrictions will not be imposed in the future. Furthermore, the Group's right, as 
a shareholder, to participate in the distribution of assets resulting from the eventual liquidation or any 
reorganization of its subsidiaries will be effectively subordinated to the rights of the creditors of those 
subsidiaries, including their commercial creditors. 
In addition, the Bank, its subsidiaries and the Group must comply with certain capital requirements, where non-
compliance could lead to the imposition of restrictions or prohibitions on making any: (i) distributions relating 
to common equity tier (“CET1”) capital; (ii) payments related to variable remuneration or discretionary pension 
benefits; and (iii) distributions linked to additional tier 1 (“AT1”) instruments (collectively, “discretionary 
payments”). Likewise, the ability of the Bank and its subsidiaries to pay dividends is conditioned by the 
recommendations and requirements of their respective supervisors, such as those made in response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. In this regard, on April 30, 2020, the Bank announced that it had agreed to modify, for 
the financial year 2020, the Group's shareholder remuneration policy, opting not to pay any amount as a 
dividend corresponding to the financial year 2020 until the uncertainties generated by the COVID-19 pandemic 
dissipate and, in any case, not before the close of the 2020 fiscal year. However, in accordance with the 
distribution capacity established by the ECB in relation to the consolidated results of 2020, the General 
Shareholders' Meeting, held on April 20, 2021, approved, in the third point of its agenda, a cash distribution 
charged to the share premium account for an amount of €0.059 gross per share as remuneration to the 
shareholder in relation to the Group's result in 2020 for each of the shares in circulation, which was paid on 
April 29, 2021. However, it is not possible to guarantee that new restrictions or recommendations from 
supervisors will not limit the ability of our subsidiaries or the Bank itself to distribute dividends in the future. 
There can be no guarantee that the Group will be successful in developing and implementing policies and 
strategies in all of the countries in which it operates, some of which have experienced significant economic, 
political and social volatility in recent decades. In particular, the Group has significant operations in several 
emerging countries, such as Mexico and Turkey, and is therefore vulnerable to the deterioration of these 
economies. Emerging markets are generally affected by the conditions of other commercially or financially 
related markets and by the evolution of global financial markets in general (they may be affected, for example, 
by the evolution of interest rates in the United States and the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar), as well as, in 
some cases, by fluctuations in the prices of commodities. The perception that the risks associated with investing 
in emerging economies have increased, in general, or in emerging markets where the Group operates, in 
particular, could reduce capital flows to those economies and adversely affect such economies, and therefore the 
Group. Moreover, emerging countries are more prone to experience significant changes in inflation and foreign 
exchange rates, which may have a material impact on the Group’s results of operations, assets (including risk-
weighted assets (RWAs)) and liabilities. As of December 31, 2020, the estimated sensitivities of the result 
attributable to the owners of the parent company, taking into account the coverage against depreciations and 
appreciations of 1% of the average rate in the Mexican peso, Turkish lira and US dollar was €4.9, €4.5 and €4.3 
million, respectively. 
If the Group failed to adopt effective and timely policies and strategies in response to the risks and challenges it 
faces in each of the regions where it operates, particularly in emerging countries, the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
2.3 
Financial Risks 
The Group has a continuous demand for liquidity to finance its activities and the withdrawal of deposits or 
other sources of liquidity could significantly affect it 
Traditionally, one of the Group's main sources of financing has been savings accounts and demand deposits. As 
of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the balance of customer deposits represented 70% of the Group's 
total financial liabilities at amortised cost. However, the volume of wholesale and retail deposits can fluctuate 
significantly, including as a result of factors beyond the Group's control, such as general economic conditions, 
changes in economic policy or administrative decisions that diminish their attractiveness as savings instruments 
(for example, as a consequence of changes in taxation, coverage by guarantee funds for deposits or 
expropriations) or competition from other savings or investment instruments (including deposits from other 
banks). 
Likewise, changes in interest rates and credit spreads may significantly affect the cost of the Group’s short and 
long-term wholesale financing. Changes in credit spreads are driven by market factors and are also influenced 
by the market’s perception of the Group’s solvency. As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 debt

--- Page 19 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
19 
 
 
securities issued by the Group represented 12.1% and 12.6% of the total financial liabilities at amortised cost of 
the Group. 
In addition, the Group has made and continues to make significant use of public sources of liquidity, such as the 
ECB extraordinary measures taken in response to the financial crisis since 2008 or those taken in connection 
with the crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. The ECB announced in December 2020 the new conditions 
of  its Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operations III, increasing the maximum amount that BBVA may 
receive from €35,032 million to €38,692 million and extending the enhanced conditions in terms of cost by one 
additional year until June 2022. As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, BBVA had drawn down 
€38,392 and €35,032 million respectively. However, the conditions of this or other programmes could be 
revised or these programmes could be cancelled. 
In the event of a withdrawal of deposits or other sources of liquidity, especially if it is sudden or unexpected, the 
Group may not be able to finance its financial obligations or meet the minimum liquidity requirements that 
apply to it, and may be forced to incur higher financial costs, liquidate assets and take additional measures to 
reduce leverage. Furthermore, the Group could be subject to the adoption of early intervention measures or, 
ultimately, to the adoption of a resolution measure by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority (see 
“Regulatory Framework – Resolution” of the Universal Registration Document of the Guarantor dated 10 June 
2021, available at www.bbva.com (URD). Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The Group  and some of its subsidiaries depend on their credit ratings and sovereign credit ratings, specially 
the Spanish one 
Rating agencies periodically review the Group's debt credit ratings. Any reduction, effective or anticipated, in 
any such ratings of the Group, whether below investment grade or otherwise, could limit or impair the Group's 
access to capital markets and other possible sources of liquidity and increase the Group’s financing cost, and 
entail the breach or early termination of certain contracts or give rise to additional obligations under those 
contracts, such as the need to grant additional guarantees. The Group estimates that, if at March 31, 2021, rating 
agencies had downgraded BBVA's long-term senior debt rating by one notch, it would have had to provide 
additional guarantees/collateral amounting to €29.8 million under its derivative  and other financial contracts. A 
hypothetical two-notch downgrade would have involved an outlay of €46.1 million in additional 
guarantees/collateral. Furthermore, if the Group were required to cancel its derivative contracts with some of its 
counterparties and were unable to replace them, its market risk would worsen. Likewise, a reduction in the 
credit rating could affect the Group's ability to sell or market some of its products or to participate in certain 
transactions, and could lead to the loss of customer deposits and make third parties less willing to carry out 
commercial transactions with the Group (especially those that require a minimum credit rating), having a 
significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, the Group's credit ratings could be affected by variations in sovereign credit ratings, particularly 
the rating of Spanish sovereign debt. The Group holds a significant portfolio of debt issued by the Kingdom of 
Spain, by the Spanish autonomous communities and by other Spanish issuers. As of March 31, 2021 and  
December 31, 2020, the Group's exposure to the Kingdom of Spain's public debt portfolio was €49,575 million 
and €46,401 million, respectively, representing 7% and 6% of the consolidated total assets of the Group. Any 
decrease in the credit rating of the Kingdom of Spain could adversely  affect the valuation of the respective debt 
portfolios held by the Group and lead to a reduction in the Group's credit ratings. Additionally, counterparties to 
many of the credit agreements signed with the Group could also be affected by a decrease in the credit rating of 
the Kingdom of Spain, which could limit their ability to attract additional resources or otherwise affect their 
ability to pay their outstanding obligations to the Group. The Group's exposure to the public debt portfolio of the 
Rest of Europe, Mexico and Turkey as of March 31, 2021 was €8,991, €25,932 and €7,047 million, respectively 
(as of December 31, 2020 it was €6,982, €23,886 and €7,547 million), represented by 1.2%, 3.6% and 1%, 
respectively (as of December 31, 2020 it was 0.9%, 3.2% and 1%). 
As a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, some rating agencies have reviewed the Group's credit ratings or 
trends. Specifically, on June 22, 2020 Fitch announced the modification of BBVA’s senior preferred debt long-
term to A- with stable outlook from A with Rating Watch Negative. On April 1, 2020, DBRS confirmed 
BBVA’s long-term rating of A (High) and maintained the outlook as stable. On  June 24, 2021 S&P confirmed 
BBVA’s long-term rating of A- and changed its outlook from negative to stable. There may be more ratings 
actions and changes in BBVA’s credit ratings in the future as a result of the crisis caused by the COVID-19 
pandemic, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations.

--- Page 20 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
20 
 
 
2.4 
Legal, Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks 
Legal Risks 
The Group is party to a number of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings 
The financial sector faces an environment of increasing regulatory and litigation pressure. The Group is party to  
government procedures and investigations, such as those carried out by the antitrust authorities which, among 
other things, have in the past and could in the future result in sanctions, as well as lead to claims by customers 
and others. The various Group entities are also frequently party to individual or collective judicial proceedings 
(including class actions) resulting from their activity and operations, as well as arbitration proceedings. More 
generally, in recent years, regulators have increased their supervisory focus on consumer protection and 
corporate behaviour, which has resulted in a larger number of regulatory actions. 
In Spain and in other jurisdictions where the Group operates, legal and regulatory actions and proceedings 
against financial institutions, prompted in part by certain recent national and supranational rulings in favor of 
consumers (with regards to matters such as credit cards and mortgage loans), have increased significantly in 
recent years and this trend could continue in the future. The legal and regulatory actions and proceedings faced 
by other financial institutions in relation to these and other matters, especially if such actions or proceedings 
result in favourable resolutions for the consumer, could also adversely affect the Group. 
All of the above may result in a significant increase in operating and compliance costs and/or a reduction in 
revenues, and it is possible that an adverse outcome in any proceedings (depending on the amount thereof, the 
penalties imposed or the resulting procedural or management costs for the Group) could materially and 
adversely affect the Group, including by damaging its reputation. 
It is difficult to predict the outcome of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings, both those to which the 
Group is currently exposed and those that may arise in the future, including actions and proceedings relating to 
former Group subsidiaries or in respect of which the Group may have indemnification obligations.  Any of such 
outcomes could be significantly adverse to the Group. In addition, a decision in any matter, whether against the 
Group or against another credit entity facing similar claims as those faced by the Group, could give rise to other 
claims against the Group. In addition, these actions and proceedings draw resources away from the Group and 
may require significant attention on the part of the Group's management and employees. 
As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Group had €625 and €612 million respectively in provisions 
for the proceedings it is facing (which are included in the line item "Provisions for taxes and other legal 
contingencies" in the consolidated balance sheet), of which €584 million (€574 million as of December 31, 
2020) corresponded to legal contingencies and €41 million (€38 million as of December 31, 2020) corresponded 
to tax related contingencies. Most of these provisions for legal contingencies correspond to Banco Bilbao 
Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. and companies registered in Spain, with approximately 82%. However, the uncertainty 
arising from these proceedings (including those for which no provisions have been made, either because it is not 
possible to estimate any such provisions or for other reasons) makes it impossible to guarantee that the possible 
losses arising from such proceedings will not exceed, where applicable, the amounts that the Group currently 
has provisioned and, therefore, could affect the Group’s consolidated results in a given period. 
As a result of the above, legal and regulatory actions and proceedings currently faced by the Group or to which 
it may become subject in the future or which may otherwise affect the Group, whether individually or in the 
aggregate, if resolved in whole or in part adversely to the Group’s interests, could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Spanish judicial authorities are carrying out a criminal investigation relating to possible bribery, 
revelation of secrets and  corruption by BBVA. 
Spanish judicial authorities are investigating the activities of Centro Exclusivo de Negocios y Transacciones, 
S.L. (Cenyt). Such investigation includes the provision of services by Cenyt to BBVA. On July 29, 2019, 
BBVA was named as an investigated party (investigado) in a criminal judicial investigation (Preliminary 
Proceeding No. 96/2017 – Piece No. 9, Central Investigating Court No. 6 of the National High Court) for 
alleged facts which could constitute bribery, revelation of secrets and corruption. On February 3, 2020, BBVA 
was notified by the Central Investigating Court No. 6 of the National High Court of the order lifting the secrecy 
of the proceedings. Certain current and former officers and employees of the Group, as well as former directors, 
have also been named as investigated parties in connection with this investigation. BBVA has been and 
continues to be proactively collaborating with the Spanish judicial authorities, including sharing with the courts 
information obtained in the internal investigation hired by the entity in 2019 to contribute to the clarification of 
the facts. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no formal accusation against BBVA has been made.

--- Page 21 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
21 
 
 
This criminal judicial proceeding is in the pre-trial phase. Therefore, it is not possible at this time to predict the 
scope or duration of such proceeding or any related proceeding or its or their possible outcomes or implications 
for the Group, including any fines, damages or harm to the Group’s reputation caused thereby. 
Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks 
The Group is subject to a comprehensive regulatory and supervisory framework, including resolution 
regulations, which could have a significant adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations 
The Group is subject to a comprehensive regulatory and supervisory framework the complexity and scope of 
which has increased significantly since the previous financial crisis and which could further increase as a result 
of the crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, the banking sector is subject to continuous 
scrutiny at the political and supervisory levels, and it is foreseeable that in the future there will continue to be 
political involvement in regulatory and supervisory processes, as well as in the governance of the main financial 
entities. For this reason, the laws, regulations and policies to which the Group is subject, as well as their 
interpretation and application, may change at any time. In addition, supervisors and regulators have significant  
discretion in carrying out their duties, which gives rise to uncertainty regarding the interpretation and 
implementation of the regulatory framework. Moreover, regulatory fragmentation and the implementation by 
some countries of more flexible or stricter rules or regulations could also adversely affect the Group's ability to 
compete with financial institutions that may or may not have to comply with any such rules or regulations, as 
applicable. 
Regulatory changes over the last decade, as well as those currently in the pipeline (including changes 
interpretation or application of existing regulations), have increased and may continue to substantially increase 
the Group's operating expenses and adversely affect its business mode. For example, the imposition of 
prudential capital standards has limited and could further limit the ability of subsidiaries to distribute capital to 
the Group, while liquidity standards may require the Group to hold a higher proportion of financial instruments 
with higher liquidity and lower performance, which can adversely affect its net interest margin. In addition, the 
Group's regulatory and supervisory authorities may require the Group to review or make impairments to the 
value of their assests, which could have an adverse effect on its financial condition. It is also possible that 
governments and regulators impose ad hoc regulations in response to the crisis caused by the COVID-19 
pandemic. Such measures include the imposition on credit institutions of the obligation to provide financing to 
various  entities both private (particularly SMEs) and public entities (including, for example, the Fund for the 
Deposit Guarantee (FGD - Fondo de Garantía de Depósitos) or the Single Resolution Board (SRB). 
Any legislative or regulatory measure and any necessary change in the Group's business operations as a 
consequence of such measures, as well as any failure to comply with it, could result in a significant loss of 
income, represent a limitation on the ability of the Group to take advantage of business opportunities and offer 
certain products and services, affect the value of the Group's assets, force the Group to increase prices (which 
could reduce the demand for its products), impose additional compliance costs or result in other possible adverse 
effects for the Group. 
One of the most significant regulatory changes resulting from the prior financial crisis was the introduction of  
resolution regulations (which are described in “Regulatory Framework – Resolution” of the URD). In the event 
that the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority considers that the Group is in a situation where conditions for 
early intervention or resolution are met, it may adopt the measures provided for in the applicable resolution 
regulations, including without prior notice. Such determination, or the mere possibility that such determination 
could be made, could materially and adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations, as well as the market price and behaviour of certain securities issued by the Group (or their 
conditions, in the event of an exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power). 
Increasingly onerous capital and liquidity requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations 
As described in “Regulatory Framework – Solvency and Capital Requirements”of the URD, in  its capacity as a 
Spanish credit institution, the Group is subject to compliance with a “Pillar 1” solvency requirement, a “Pillar 2” 
solvency requirement and a “combined buffer requirement” at both the individual and consolidated levels. As a 
result of the latest Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) carried out by the ECB, and in 
accordance with the measures implemented by the ECB on March 12, 2020, by means of which banks may 
partially use AT1 and Tier 2 capital instruments in order to fulfil the “Pillar 2” requirement, BBVA must 
maintain, at a consolidated level, a common equity tier (CET1) ratio of 8.59% and a total capital ratio of 
12.75%. In addition, BBVA must maintain, on an individual level, a CET1 ratio of 7.84% and a total capital 
ratio of 12.01%. As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Group’s  phased-in total capital ratio was

--- Page 22 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
22 
 
 
16.16% and 16.46% on a consolidated basis and 20.04% and 20.68% on an individual basis, and its CET1 
phased-in capital ratio was 12.2% and 12.15% on a consolidated basis and 15.10% and 15.14% on an individual 
basis, respectively. 
Additionally, as described in “Regulatory Framework – MREL” of the URD, BBVA, as a Spanish credit 
institution, must maintain a minimum level of own funds and eligible liabilities (the MREL requirement). On 
May 31, 2021, the Bank announced that it had received a new communication from the Bank of Spain of its new 
MREL requirement, as determined by the SRB, replacing the previous one on MREL received and 
communicated in November, 2019. In accordance with this new communication, BBVA should maintain as of 
January 1, 2022, a volume of own funds and eligible subordinated liabilities corresponding to 24.78% of the 
total RWAs of its resolution group at the subconsolidated level1 (the “MREL in RWAs”). Likewise, of this 
MREL in RWAs, a 13.50% of the total RWAs will have to be fulfilled with subordinated instruments (the 
“RWAs subordination requirement”). As of March 31, 2021, the own funds and eligible liabilities of the 
resolution group corresponds to 29.23% of its RWAs, and the subordinated own funds and eligible liabilities 
corresponds to the 25.95%. Nevertheless, the MREL in RWAs and the RWAs subordination requirement do not 
include the combined capital buffer requirement which, for these purposes, would be 2.5% as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, notwithstanding any other buffer that may be applicable from time to time. 
Moreover, the MREL in RWAs and the RWAs subordination requirement are equivalent, in terms of total 
exposure considered for the purpose of calculating the leverage ratio2 , to 10.25% and 5.84%, respectively. As 
of March 31, 2021, the resolution group has own funds and eligible liabilities of 13.40% and subordinated own 
funds and eligible liabilities of 11.89%, both in terms of total exposure taken into account for the calculation of 
the leverage ratio. 
However, both the total capital and the MREL requirements are subject to interpretation and change and, 
therefore, no assurance can be given that the Group’s interpretation is the appropriate one or that BBVA and/or 
the Group will not be subject to more stringent requirements at any future time. Likewise, no assurance can be 
given that BBVA and/or the Group will be able to fulfil whatever future requirements may be imposed, even if 
such requirements were to be equal or lower. There can also be no assurances as to the ability of BBVA and/or 
the Group to comply with any capital target announced to the market at any given time, which could be 
adversely perceived by investors and/or supervisors, who could interpret that a lack of capital-generating 
capacity for BBVA and/or the Group exists or that the capital structure has deteriorated, either of which could 
adversely affect the market value or behaviour of securities issued by BBVA and/or the Group (and, in 
particular, any eligible liabilities and any capital instruments) and, therefore, lead to the implementation of new 
recommendations or requirements regarding "Pillar 2" or (should the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority 
interpret that obstacles may exist for the viability of the resolution of BBVA and /or the Group), MREL. 
If BBVA or the Group failed to comply with its capital requirements and with its “combined buffer 
requirement” they would have to calculate the Maximum Distributable Amount (MDA) and, until such 
calculation has been undertaken and reported to the Bank of Spain, the affected entity would not be able to make 
any discretionary payments. Once the MDA has been calculated and reported, such discretionary payments 
would be limited to the calculated MDA. Likewise, should BBVA or the Group not meet the applicable capital 
requirements, additional requirements of “Pillar 2” could be imposed. Regarding MREL, failure by the Bank or 
the Group to meet its respective "combined capital buffer requirement" for these purposes, taken together with 
its MREL requirement, could result in the imposition of restrictions or prohibitions on discretionary payments. 
Additionally, failure to comply with the capital requirements may result in the implementation of early 
intervention measures or, ultimately, resolution measures by the resolution authorities. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of May 20, 2019 (as amended, 
replaced or supplemented at any time, CRR II) establishes a binding requirement for the leverage ratio effective 
from June 28, 2021 of 3% of Tier 1 capital (as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the phased-in 
leverage ratio of the Group was 12.2% and 6,68% and fully loaded it was 11.88% and 6,46% respectively). Any 
failure to comply with this leverage ratio buffer may also result in the need to calculate and report the MDA, and 
restrictionsvon discretionary payments Moreover, CRR II proposes new requirements that capital instruments 
must meet in order to be considered AT1 or Tier 2 instruments, including certain grandfathering measures until 
June 28, 2025. Once the grandfathering period in CRR II has elapsed, AT1 and/or Tier 2 instruments which do 
not comply with the new requirements at such date will no longer be considered as capital instruments. This 
 
1 The resolution group consists of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. and the subsidiaries belonging to the same European resolution 
group. As of 31st December, 2019, the total RWAs of the resolution group amounted to €204,218 million. 
2 As of 31st December, 2019, the total exposure considered for the purpose of calculating the leverage ratio amounted to €422,376 million.

--- Page 23 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
23 
 
 
could give rise to shortfalls in regulatory capital and, ultimately, could result in failure to comply with the 
applicable minimum regulatory capital requirements, with the aforementioned consequences. 
Additionally, the implementation of the ECB expectations regarding prudential provisions for NPLs (published 
on May 15, 2018) and the ECB’s current review of internal models being used by banks subject to its 
supervision for the calculation of their RWAs (TRIMs) could result, respectively, in the need to increase 
provisions for future NPLs and increases in the Group’s capital needs. 
Furthermore, the adoption of the Basel III reforms described in “Regulatory Framework – Solvency and Capital 
Requirements” of the URD could result in an increase of the Group's total RWAs and, therefore, could also 
result in a decrease of the Group’s capital ratios. Likewise, the lack of uniformity in the adoption of the Basel III 
reforms across jurisdictions in terms of timing and applicable regulations could give rise to inequalities and 
competition distortions. Moreover, the lack of regulatory coordination, with some countries bringing forward 
the application of Basel III requirements or increasing such requirements, could adversely affect an entity with 
global operations such as the Group and could affect its profitability. 
Additionally, should the Total Loss Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) requirements, as described in “Regulatory 
Framework – Resolution” of the URD,  currently only imposed upon G-SIBs, be applicable upon non-G-SIBs 
entities or should the Group once again be classified as a G-SIB, additional minimum requirements similar to 
MREL could in the future be imposed upon the Group. 
There can be no assurance that the above capital requirements or MREL will not adversely affect BBVA's or its 
subsidiaries’ ability to make discretionary payments, or result in the cancellation of such payments (in whole or 
in part), or require BBVA or such subsidiaries to issue additional securities that qualify as eligible liabilities or 
regulatory capital, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, any of which may have 
adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, an increase 
in capital requirements could adversely  affect the return on equity and other of the Group's financial results 
indicators. Moreover, BBVA's or the Group's failure to comply with their capital  requirements and MREL 
could have a significant adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Lastly, the Group must also comply with liquidity and funding ratios. Several elements of the Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio (LCR) and net stable financing ratio (NSFR) (as such ratios are defined in “Regulatory 
Framework – Solvency and Capital Requirements” of the URD) as introduced by national banking regulators 
and fulfilled by the Group, may require implementing changes in some of its commercial practices, which could 
expose the Group to additional expenses (including an increase in compliance expenses), affect the profitability 
of its activities or otherwise lead to a significant adverse effect over  the Group’s business, financial condition or 
results of operations. As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the Group's LCR 
was 151%, and 149% and 129% respectively. The NSFR was 127% as of March 31, 2021, 127% as of  
December 31, 2020 and 120% as of December 31, 2019.  
The Group is exposed to tax risks that may adversely affect it 
The size, geographic diversity and complexity of the Group and its commercial and financial relationships with 
both third parties and related parties result in the need to consider, evaluate and interpret a considerable number 
of tax laws and regulations, as well as any relevant interpretative materials, which in turn involve the use of 
estimates, the interpretation of indeterminate legal concepts and the determination of appropriate valuations in 
order to comply with the tax obligations of the Group. In particular, the preparation of the Group's tax returns 
and the process for establishing tax provisions involve the use of estimates and interpretations of tax laws and 
regulations, which are complex and subject to review by the tax authorities. Any error or discrepancy with tax 
authorities in any of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates may give rise to prolonged administrative or 
judicial proceedings that may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations. 
In addition, governments in different jurisdictions are in the search for new funding sources, and, they have 
recently focused on the financial sector. The Group's presence in various jurisdictions increases its exposure to 
regulatory and interpretative changes, which could, among other things, lead to (i) an increase in the types of tax 
to which the Group is subject, including in response to the demands of various political forces, (ii) changes in 
the calculation of tax bases and exemptions therefrom, such as provided in the Spainish regulations to limit the 
exemption for dividends and capital gains from domestic and foreign subsidiaries to 95%, which means that 5% 
of the dividends and capital gains obtained by Group companies in Spain will be subject to and not exempt 
from, corporate tax, or (iii) the creation of new taxes, like the common financial transaction tax (FTT) in the 
proposed Tax Directive of the European Commission (which would tax the acquisitions of certain securities, 
including those issued by the Group) and the Spanish FTT which came into effect in Spain in January 2021, 
may have adverse effects on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Group.

--- Page 24 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
24 
 
 
The Group is exposed to compliance risks 
The Group, due to its role in the economy and the nature of its activities, is singularly exposed to certain 
compliance risks. In particular, the Group must comply with regulations regarding customer conduct, market 
conduct, the prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorist activities, the protection of personal 
data, the restrictions established by national or international sanctions programs and anti-corruption laws 
(including the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the UK Bribery Act of 2010), the violations of 
which could lead to very significant penalties. These anti-corruption laws generally prohibit providing anything 
of value to government officials for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business or securing any improper 
business advantage. As part of the Group’s business, the Group directly or indirectly, through third parties, deals 
with entities whose employees are considered to be government officials. The Group’s activities are also subject 
to complex customer protection and market integrity regulations.  
Generally, these regulations require banking entities to, among other measures, due diligence measures to 
manage compliance risk. Sometimes, banking entities must apply reinforced due diligence measures because 
they understand that, due to the very nature of the activities they carry out (among others, private banking, 
money transfer and foreign currency exchange operations), they may present a higher risk of money laundering 
or terrorist financing. 
Although the Group has adopted policies, procedures, systems and other measures to manage compliance risk, it 
is dependent on its employees and external suppliers for the implementation of these policies, procedures, 
systems and other measures, and it cannot guarantee that these are sufficient or that the employees (122,021 as 
of 31st March 2021) or other persons of the Group or its business partners, agents and/or other third parties with 
a business or professional relationship with the Group do not circumvent or violate current regulations or 
BBVA’s ethics and compliance regulations, acts for which such persons or the Group could be held ultimately 
responsible and/or that could damage the Group's reputation. In particular, acts of misconduct by any employee, 
and particularly by senior management, could erode trust and confidence and damage the Group’s reputation 
among existing and potential clients and other stakeholders. Actual or alleged misconduct by Group entities in 
any number of activities or circumstances, including operations, employment-related offenses such as sexual 
harassment and discrimination, regulatory compliance, the use and protection of data and systems, and the 
satisfaction of client expectations, and actions taken by regulators or others in response to such misconduct, 
could lead to, among other things, sanctions, fines and reputational damage, any of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, the Group may not be able to prevent third parties outside the Group from using the banking 
network in order to launder money or carry out illegal or inappropriate activities. Further, financial crimes 
continually evolve and  emerging technologies, such as cryptocurrencies and blockchain, could limit the Group's 
ability to track the movement of funds. Additionally, in adverse economic conditions, it is possible that financial 
crime attempts will increase significantly. 
If there is a breach of the applicable regulations or BBVA’s ethics and compliance regulations or if the 
competent authorities consider that the Group does not perform the necessary due diligence inherent to its 
activities, such authorities could impose limitations on the Group's activities, the revocation of its authorisations 
and licenses, and economic penalties, in addition to having significant consequences for the Group's reputation, 
which could have a significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Furthermore, the Group from time to time conducts investigations related to alleged violations of 
such  regulations, and BBVA’s ethics and compliance regulations, and any such investigation or any related 
procedure could be time consuming and costly, and its results difficult to predict. 
Finally, in 2020 the COVID-19 outbreak has led in many countries to new specific regulations, mainly focused 
on consumer protection measures. The difficulties associated with the need to adapt the Group’s systems to 
these new regulations quickly along with the fact that the majority of BBVA’s employees have been working 
remotely could pose new compliance risks. Likewise, despite the existing controls in place, the increase in 
remote account opening driven by the pandemic could increase money laundering risks. Additionally, criminals 
are continuing to exploit the opportunities created by the pandemic across the globe and increased money 
laundering risks associated with counterfeiting of medical goods, investment fraud, cyber-crime scams and 
exploitation of economic stimulus measures put in place by governments. Increased strain on its 
communications surveillance frameworks could in turn raise its market conduct risk. 
Any attack, failure or deficiency in the Group's systems could, among other things, lead to the misappropriation 
of funds of the Group's clients or the Group itself and the unauthorized disclosure, destruction or use of 
confidential information, as well as preventing the normal operation of the Group, and impair its ability to  
provide services and carry out its internal management. Furthermore, could result in the loss of customers and

--- Page 25 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
25 
 
 
business opportunities, damage to computers and systems, violation of regulations regarding data protection 
and/or other regulations, exposure to litigation, fines, sanctions or interventions, loss of confidence in the 
Group's security measures, damage to its reputation, reimbursements and compensation, and additional 
regulatory compliance expenses and could have a significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
2.5 
Operational Risks 
Attacks, failures or deficiencies in the Group's procedures, systems and security or those of third parties to 
which the Group is exposed could have a significant adverse impact on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations, and could be detrimental for its reputation 
The Group's activities depend to a large extent on its ability to process and report effectively and accurately on a 
high volume of highly complex transactions with numerous and diverse products and services (by their nature, 
generally ephemeral), in different currencies and subject to different regulatory regimes. Therefore, it relies on 
highly sophisticated information technology (IT) systems for data transmission, processing and storage. 
However, IT systems are vulnerable to various problems, such as hardware and software malfunctions, 
computer viruses, hacking, and physical damage to IT centres. BBVA's exposure to these risks has increased 
significantly in recent years due to the Group's implementation of its ambitious digital strategy. According to 
data as of March 21, 2021 and December 31, 2020, 65% and 64%, respectively, of the Group’s customers are 
digital and 61% and 59%, respectively, of customers regularly use their mobile phones to interact with BBVA, 
and digital sales represent 69.5% and 67.8%, respectively, of total sales. BBVA already has more than 500,000 
customers registered exclusively through digital channels in Spain, of which more than 50% did so via mobile. 
These digital services, as well as other alternatives that BBVA offers users to become BBVA customers, have 
become even more important after the COVID-19 outbreak and the ensuing restrictions on mobility in the 
countries in which the Group operates. Currently, one in three new clients chooses digital channels to start their 
relationship with BBVA. Any attack, failure or deficiency in the Group's systems could, among other things, 
lead to the misappropriation of funds of the Group's clients or the Group itself and the unauthorised disclosure, 
destruction or use of confidential information, as well as preventing the normal operation of the Group, and 
impair its ability to provide services and carry out its internal management. In addition, any attack, failure or 
deficiency could result in the loss of customers and business opportunities, damage to computers and systems, 
violation of regulations regarding data protection and/or other regulations, exposure to litigation, fines, sanctions 
or interventions, loss of confidence in the Group's security measures, damage to its reputation, reimbursements 
and compensation, and additional regulatory compliance expenses and could have a significant adverse impact 
on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, it is possible that such 
attacks, failures or deficiencies will not be detected on time or ever. The Group is likely to be forced to spend 
significant additional resources to improve its security measures in the future. As cyber-attacks are becoming 
increasingly sophisticated and difficult to prevent, the Group may not be able to anticipate or prevent all 
possible vulnerabilities, nor to implement preventive measures that are effective or sufficient.  
Customers and other third parties to which the Group is significantly exposed, including the Group's service 
providers (such as data processing companies to which the Group has outsourced certain services), face similar 
risks. Any attack, failure or deficiency that may affect such third parties could, among other things, adversely 
affect the Group's ability to carry out operations or provide services to its clients or result in the unauthorised 
disclosure, destruction or use of confidential information. Furthermore, the Group may not be aware of such 
attack, failure or deficiency in time, which could limit its ability to react. Moreover, as a result of the increasing 
consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial institutions and technological systems, an attack, 
failure or deficiency that significantly degrades, eliminates or compromises the systems or data of one or more 
financial institutions could have a significant impact on its counterparts or other market participants, including 
the Group. 
3.  
Risk Factors relating to the Notes 
3.1 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances.

--- Page 26 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
26 
 
 
In addition, an investment in Equity Linked Notes, Index Linked Notes, Credit Linked Notes, ETF Linked 
Notes, Fund Linked Notes, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, and 
Combination Notes may entail significant risks not associated with investments in conventional securities such 
as debt or equity securities, including, but not limited to, the risks set out in " Risk Factors associated with Notes 
that are linked to one or more specific types of Reference Items" below. The Notes are complex financial 
instruments. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on 
the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
3.2 
Risk Factors associated with Notes that are linked to one or more specific types of Reference 
Items  
There are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with an investment 
in Notes issued under the Programme. Such factors will vary depending on the type of Notes issued, in 
particular in relation to Notes in respect of which the interest and/or redemption amount is linked to the value of 
one or more index, share, inflation index, unit, interest or share in a fund, the credit of one or more reference 
entity, foreign exchange rate or the combination of any of the foregoing. 
There are specific risks relating to Equity Linked Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal or the value of the Entitlement and/or interest payable 
is dependent upon the price of or changes in the price of shares or a basket of shares (or depositary receipts) or, 
depending on the price of or change in the price of shares or the basket of shares (or depositary receipts), where 
the Issuer's obligation on redemption is to deliver a specified number of shares ("Equity Linked Notes"). 
Accordingly an investment in Equity Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct equity investment 
and potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Equity Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of 
any specified shares and/or depositary receipts may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may 
lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of the share(s) and/or depositary receipt(s) does 
not move in the anticipated direction. In addition, the movements in the price of the share or depositary receipt 
or basket of shares and/or depositary receipts may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant price of the 
share or shares may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their 
expectations. All these factors may affect the investments in the Notes. 
If the amount of principal or entitlement amount deliverable and/or interest payable are determined in 
conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of 
changes in the price of the share or shares on principal or interest payable, and therefore on the amount of 
potential losses incurred, will be magnified. See also risk factor "There are risks associated with leveraged 
exposures" below. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption 
date, the volatility of the share(s) and/or depositary receipt(s), the dividend rate (if any) and the financial results 
and prospects of the issuer or issuers of the relevant share(s) or depositary receipt(s) as well as economic, 
financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or 
quotation system(s) on which any such shares or depositary receipts may be traded.  
Equity Linked Notes do not provide the holders with any voting rights or rights to receive dividends, interest or 
other distributions, as applicable, or any other rights with respect to any share, except as may be otherwise 
provided in the Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. See also risk factor "A Noteholder does not have 
rights of ownership in the Reference Item(s)". 
Upon determining that a Potential Adjustment Event, Extraordinary Event or Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred in relation to an underlying share or the issuer of such underlying share, the Calculation Agent has 
broad discretion to make certain determinations to account for such event including to (i) make adjustments to 
the terms of the Notes and/or (ii) (in the case of an Extraordinary Event or an Additional Disruption Event) 
cause early redemption of the Notes, any of which determinations may have an adverse effect on the value of 
the Notes. 
Potential Adjustment Events (as defined in Equity Linked Condition 3) include (a) a sub-division, consolidation 
or re-classification of the relevant shares or a free distribution, or dividend of any such shares to existing holders

--- Page 27 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
27 
 
 
of the relevant shares by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue, (b) a distribution, issue or dividend to 
existing holders of the relevant shares of certain share capital or securities, (c) an extraordinary dividend, (d) a 
call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect of relevant shares that are not fully 
paid (e) a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share Company or its subsidiaries, as the 
case may be, of relevant shares, (f) in the case of a Basket Company or a Share Company an event that results in 
any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of 
the capital stock of such Basket Company or Share Company, (g) any adjustment effected as a result of any 
shareholder rights plan or arrangement described in (f) and (h) any other event having a dilutive or concentrative 
effect on the value of the shares. 
Extraordinary Events (as defined in Equity Linked Condition 3) include (a) a delisting of the shares on an 
exchange, (b) illiquidity (c) an insolvency (where all the shares of the issuer of the underlying shares are 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or similar official or may not be legally transferred) or bankruptcy of the 
issuer of the shares, (d) a listing change; (e) a listing suspension, (f) a merger event entailing the consolidation 
of the shares with those of another entity, (g) a nationalisation of the issuer of the shares or transfer of the shares 
to a governmental entity and (h) a tender offer or takeover offer that results in transfer of the shares to another 
entity. 
Additional Disruption Event (as defined in Equity Linked Condition 8) means any of Change of Law (unless 
specified as not applicable in the Final Terms) and, Failure to Deliver, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss Event and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in 
each case if specified in the Final Terms.  
See also risk factor “The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the 
Guarantor, has broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Noteholders" 
below 
Holders may receive physical delivery of shares in lieu of payment of cash amounts 
Where the Notes include the right of the Issuer, subject to the fulfilment of a particular condition, to redeem the 
Notes at their maturity by delivering shares to the purchaser of such Notes, the purchasers will receive such 
shares rather than a monetary amount upon maturity. Holders will, therefore, be exposed to the issuer of such 
shares and the risks associated with such shares. Noteholders should not assume that they will be able to sell 
such shares for a specific price after the redemption of the Notes, and in particular not for the purchase price of 
the Notes. Under certain circumstances the shares may only have a very low value or may, in fact, be worthless. 
Holders may also be subject to certain documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the delivery and/or disposal of 
such shares. 
There are specific risks relating to Index Linked Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon the level 
of, or changes in the level of, an index or a basket of indices ("Index Linked Notes"). Accordingly an 
investment in Index Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct equity investment and potential 
investors should take advice accordingly. 
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Index Linked Notes 
(i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a 
different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of 
the index/indices does not move in the anticipated direction. In addition, movements in the level of the index or 
indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies 
or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or indices may affect the actual yield 
to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. All these factors may affect the 
investments in the Notes.  
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than 
one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the index or the indices on 
principal or interest payable and therefore on the amount of potential losses incurred, will be magnified. See also 
risk factor "There are risks associated with leveraged exposures" below. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption 
date and the volatility of the level of the index or indices as well as the economic, financial and political events 
in one or more jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any securities 
comprising the index or indices may be traded. The index may reference equities, bonds or other securities, or it 
may be a property index referencing certain property price data which will be subject to market price

--- Page 28 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
28 
 
 
fluctuations. A property index may include valuations only and not actual transactions and the property data 
sources used to compile the index may be subject to change, which may adversely affect the return on the Notes. 
Adjustment to indices for Index Linked Notes 
If an Index Adjustment Event (as defined in "Annex 2 - Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked 
Notes") occurs the Issuer may require the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments as it determines 
appropriate to the terms of the Notes or redeem the Notes. Such action may have an adverse effect on the value 
and liquidity of the affected Index Linked Notes. 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an index could adversely affect the market value of the Notes 
The sponsor of any index can add, delete or substitute the components of such index or make other 
methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The changing of components of 
any index may affect the level of such index as a newly added component may perform significantly worse or 
better than the component it replaces, which in turn may affect the payments made by the Issuer to the 
purchasers of the Notes. The sponsor of any such index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of such index. The sponsor of an index will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the Notes 
and will have no obligation to any purchaser of such Notes. The sponsor of an index may take any actions in 
respect of such index without regard to the interests of the purchasers of the Notes, and any of these actions 
could adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
The reform of "Benchmarks" may adversely affect the market value of the Notes 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes for which a request for admission to 
trading on a trading venue has been made or which are traded on a trading venue or via a "systematic 
internaliser "linked to a "benchmark" for Benchmark Regulation purposes. This could include Index Linked 
Notes if the relevant index comprises a "benchmark" and other conditions are satisfied. See also the risk factor 
"The Group is exposed to risks related to reforms of Index and Commodity Index "Benchmarks"".  
See also risk factor "The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the 
Guarantor, has broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Noteholders" 
below. 
There are specific risks relating to Credit Linked Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon whether 
certain events ("Credit Events") have occurred in respect of one or more entities (together "Reference 
Entities" and each, a "Reference Entity") and, if so, on the value of certain specified debt obligations of such 
Reference Entity(ies) or, where, if such events have occurred, the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain 
specified assets upon redemption of the Notes.  
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Credit Linked Notes 
(i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of any 
specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of 
their investment. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, the time 
remaining to the redemption date and the creditworthiness of the reference entity which in turn may be affected 
by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, over which neither the Issuer nor 
Guarantor has control. 
This Base Prospectus contains Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes with terms based on 
(but not identical to) the 2014 Credit Derivatives Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (the "2014 ISDA Definitions") which are set out in Annex 8.  In this respect 
investors should have regard to the risk factor on page [33] entitled "ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions".  
The Issuer's obligations in respect of Credit Linked Notes are irrespective of the existence or amount of the 
Issuer's and/or any affiliates' credit exposure to a reference entity and the Issuer and/or any affiliate need not 
suffer any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
If Credit Linked Redemption is applicable the occurrence of Credit Events may affect the redemption date of the 
Notes  
Credit Linked Notes in respect of which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable may be redeemed prior to their 
scheduled maturity, save where: (i) Maturity Credit Redemption applies; or (ii) the Notes are Tranched Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Basket Tranched Credit Linked Notes or

--- Page 29 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
29 
 
 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes; or (iii) the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or 
Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes where Credit Payment on Maturity applies. However, where the 
Credit Event Redemption Amount payable in respect of Notes described in (ii) or (iii) of the foregoing section is 
zero and Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, the Notes will be redeemed early. Where such Notes are 
redeemed early following a Credit Event, investors may lose some or all of the principal invested and will not 
receive the full amount of interest (if any) to the extent that interest on the Note is also Credit Linked.  
Where Maturity Credit Redemption applies or where the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes where Credit Payment on Maturity Applies (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) or where the Notes are Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Tranched 
Index Credit Linked Notes, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, in 
each case in respect of which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, maturity of the Credit Linked Notes may 
be delayed until scheduled maturity of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors may therefore be forced to wait a 
significant time following the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event before they receive the redemption 
amount owed (if any).   
If Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, the occurrence of a Credit Event may affect the amount payable or 
deliverable on redemption of the Notes  
Where Credit Linked Redemption is applicable and cash settlement or auction settlement applies, the occurrence 
of a Credit Event in relation to any Reference Entity from time to time may result in a redemption of the Notes 
in a reduced nominal amount or at zero meaning that investors may lose some or all of the principal amount 
invested.  
Where Credit Linked Redemption is applicable and physical settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event 
may result in the redemption of the Notes by delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity, which obligations are likely to have a market value which is substantially less than their par 
amount. Where the Notes provide for physical delivery, the Issuer may determine that the specified assets to be 
delivered are either (a) assets which, for any reason (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant 
clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any 
requisite consents with respect to the delivery of assets which are loans), are impossible or illegal to deliver on 
the specified settlement date, or (b) assets which the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any affiliate has not received 
under the terms of any transaction entered into by the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or such affiliate to hedge the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes. Any such determination may delay settlement in respect of the Notes 
and/or cause the obligation to deliver such specified assets to be replaced by an obligation to pay a cash amount 
which, in either case, may affect the value of the Notes and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect 
the timing of the valuation of such Notes and as a result, the amount of principal payable on redemption.  
Increased credit risk is associated with "First-to-Default" or "Nth-to-Default" Credit Linked Notes, Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Notes are Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, First-to-Default or Nth-to-Default Credit 
Linked Notes, and Credit-Linked Redemption is applicable, the Notes may be subject to redemption in full as 
described above as a consequence of the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to a single Credit Event the 
first or the nth Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event occurs either shortly after such credit event 
or, where Maturity Credit Redemption is applicable, at the scheduled maturity date.   
Where the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Notes, and Credit-Linked Redemption is applicable, where Credit Payment As You Go applies, the Notes may 
be subject to redemption in part upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to each Reference Entity in 
respect of which a Credit Event occurs unless Maturity Credit Redemption is applicable in which case such 
Notes shall only be redeemed at the scheduled maturity date.  
Where the Notes are Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the redemption amount of the Notes will 
only be reduced as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to a number greater than 
the L (being the lower tranche level) number of Reference Entities specified in the Final Terms but will be 
subject to redemption in full as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to a number 
equal to or greater than the H (being the higher tranche level) number of Reference Entities specified in the 
Final Terms. The credit risk to Noteholders may further be increased as a result of the concentration of 
Reference Entities in a particular industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to 
similar financial or other risks. 
Where the Notes are Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, the 
redemption amount of the Notes will only be reduced as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event 
resulting in the Aggregate Loss Percentage exceeding the Attachment Point specified in the Final Terms or the

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
30 
 
 
Aggregate Loss Percentage in respect of a Basket Tranched Index Component exceeding the Attachment Point 
for that Basket Tranched Index Component specified in the Final Terms, as the case may be, but will be subject 
to redemption in full as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event resulting in the Aggregate Loss 
Percentage, being equal to or greater than the Exhaustion Point specified in the Final Terms or the Aggregate 
Loss Percentage in respect of each Basket Tranched Index Component exceeding the Attachment Point for that 
Basket Tranched Index Component specified in the Final Terms, as the case may be. The credit risk to 
Noteholders may further be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a particular 
industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other risks. 
Where the Notes are Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, the Notes will be redeemed at an amount that is equal to 
the sum of the Long Redemption Amount and the Short Redemption Amount. The occurrence of Credit Events 
may result in a reduction of the Long Redemption Amount but an increase in the Short Redemption Amount, 
depending on the Long Exposure or Short Exposure selected and the relevant Reference Entities. The credit risk 
to Noteholders may further be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a particular 
industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other risks. 
If Credit Linked Interest is applicable, the occurrence of Credit Events may reduce the interest payable on the 
Notes 
In the case of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes  or First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes in respect of 
which Credit Linked Interest is applicable, following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date no 
further interest will accrue on the Notes.  In the case of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes in respect of which 
Credit Linked Interest is applicable, following the occurrence of a Trigger no further interest will accrue on the 
Notes. In any such circumstances, interest may cease to accrue from the Credit Event Determination Date or 
from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination Date or Trigger, 
depending on the elections made in the Final Terms. 
In the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of which Credit Linked Interest is 
applicable, following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date with respect to a number of 
Reference Entities that is greater than the L (being the lower tranche) number of Reference Entities specified in 
the Final Terms and each subsequent Credit Event Determination Date thereafter, interest that is subject to the 
Credit Linked provisions will accrue on a decreased nominal amount of the Notes until a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred with respect to a number of Reference Entities that is equal to or greater than 
the H (being the higher tranche) number of Reference Entities specified in the Final Terms and at which point 
no further interest shall be due in respect of the Notes.  
In the case of Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, following 
the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date with respect to which the Aggregate Loss Percentage  in 
respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, exceeds the Attachment Point, (being the 
lower tranche specified in the Final Terms) or, in the case of Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, the 
Aggregate Loss Percentage in respect of a Basket Tranched Index Component exceeds the Exhaustion Point in 
respect of that Basket Tranched Index Component and each subsequent Credit Event Determination Date 
thereafter, if Credit Linked Interest is applicable interest will accrue on a decreased nominal amount of the 
Notes until the Scheduled Maturity Date or until a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to 
a number of Reference Entities such that Aggregate Loss Percentage is equal to or greater than the Exhaustion 
Point (being the upper tranche specified in the Final Terms) or, in the case of Basket Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes, the Aggregate Loss Percentage in respect of each Basket Tranched Index Component is equal to 
or greater than the Exhaustion Point in respect of that Basket Tranched Index Component  and at which point no 
further interest amounts shall be due in respect of the Notes. 
In the case of Long/Short Credit Linked Notes in respect of which Credit Linked Interest is applicable, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of a Reference Entity referenced in the 
Long Exposure, interest may accrue on a decreased nominal amount of the Notes and may cease to accrue 
entirely, depending on the nature of the Long Exposure specified in the Final Terms. 
Reference Entity Credit Risk 
The holders of Credit Linked Notes will be exposed to the credit of one or more Reference Entities, which 
exposure shall be, unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, to the full extent of their investment in such Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of any of the default events comprising a Credit Event with respect to any Reference 
Entity, the Noteholders may suffer significant losses at a time when losses may be suffered by a direct investor 
in obligations of such Reference Entity. However, the holding of a Note is unlikely to lead to outcomes which 
exactly reflect the impact of investing in an obligation of a Reference Entity, and losses could be considerably 
greater than would be suffered by a direct investor in the obligations of a Reference Entity and/or could arise for

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
31 
 
 
reasons unrelated to such Reference Entity. Noteholders should also note that a Credit Event may occur even if 
the obligations of a Reference Entity are unenforceable or their performance is prohibited by any applicable law 
or exchange controls. See also the risk factor "There are risks associated with leveraged exposures" below. 
Investors in the Notes are accordingly exposed, as to (if Credit Linked Redemption is applicable) principal and 
(if Credit Linked Interest is applicable) interest, to the credit risk of one or more Reference Entities. The 
maximum loss to an investor in the Notes is (if Credit Linked Redemption is applicable) 100 per cent. of their 
initial principal investment, together with (if Credit Linked Interest is applicable) any accrued interest amounts.   
For Index Credit Linked Notes and Long/Short Credit Linked Notes that reference an Index, the Reference 
Entities and the Reference Obligations as of the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes will be those set out in 
the Index Annex, being the list for the relevant Markit iTraxx® Europe Index (in the case of iTraxx Non-
Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes) or Markit CDXTM Index 
(in the case of CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes) 
with the Annex Date specified in the Final Terms, as published by the Index Publisher (being Markit Group 
Limited as of the date of this Base Prospectus). Any determinations by the Index Sponsor (being Markit Indices 
Limited in the case of iTraxx Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes and iTraxx Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes and Markit North America, Inc. in the case of CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes and 
CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, in each case as of the date of this Base Prospectus) with respect to 
replacement Reference Obligations and/or Successors (subject, in relation to Successors, to the further 
determination provisions set out in the Credit Linked Conditions), will apply for the purposes of the Credit 
Linked Notes and any such determinations and resulting changes in Reference Obligations and/or Reference 
Entities may have an adverse effect on the value of such Notes.  
Additionally, if ISDA publicly announces one or more replacement Reference Obligations and/or Successors 
prior to the Trade Date but following the "Roll Date" (in the case of iTraxx Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Notes or iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes) or the "Effective Date" (in the case of CDX Non-
Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes) specified in the Index 
Annex, such replacement Reference Obligations and/or Successors will apply for the purposes of the Credit 
Linked Notes, notwithstanding that such announcement occurred prior to the Trade Date, and any such 
announcements and resulting changes in Reference Obligations and/or Reference Entities may have an adverse 
effect on the value of such Notes. 
Investors' exposure to the credit performance of the Reference Entities may not correspond to actual market 
recovery on such Reference Entities, including for Zero/Set Recovery Notes, Tranched Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes and Long/Short 
Credit Linked Notes  
Interest and principal repayments on the Notes may be calculated by reference to the outstanding nominal 
amount of the Notes. As at the Issue Date the outstanding nominal amount is an amount equal to the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount. If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, then the outstanding nominal 
amount may be reduced for the purposes of the determination of interest (if Credit Linked Interest is applicable) 
and/or the amount payable on redemption (if Credit Linked Redemption is applicable) by an amount equal to a 
predefined portion of the Aggregate Nominal Amount (which may be one hundred percent of such predefined 
portion resulting in such portion of the outstanding nominal amount being reduced in full) irrespective of the 
actual market recovery in respect of such Reference Entity. Therefore investors' exposure to each Reference 
Entity may exceed the exposure that they might incur in respect of having entered into a standard single name 
credit default swap as protection seller in respect of each Reference Entity and investors may lose the entire 
principal amount invested. 
There is a risk that the Notes could be affected by a Credit Event or succession that took place prior to the 
Trade Date 
In respect of a Series of Credit Linked Notes, the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will 
determine a Credit Event only if a request is submitted to ISDA for that relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to consider whether the relevant event constitutes a Credit Event within 60 calendar 
days of the occurrence of such potential Credit Event or ifunless a Credit Event Determination Date has already 
occurred with respect to such event. For the purpose of the succession provisions the look back period is 90 
calendar days and it works in a similar way. These provisions mean that there is a time limit on the ability to act 
on a Credit Event or succession and that it is possible that the relevant Credit Linked Notes could be affected by 
a Credit Event or succession that took place prior to the Trade Date if Auction Settlement is specified as the 
applicable Settlement Method in the relevant Applicable Transaction Terms. 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions in accordance with market convention

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
32 
 
 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of the Credit Linked Conditions to 
incorporate and/or reflect further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by ISDA 
with respect to the settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or the operation or application of 
determinations by the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees which the Calculation Agent and 
the Issuer determine in a commercially reasonable manner are necessary to reflect or govern market practice for 
credit derivative transactions or hedging arrangements of the Issuer. Any such adjustment may amend the Notes 
in a way that is adverse to the Noteholders and may have a negative impact on the value of the Notes.  
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Whilst there are many similarities between the terms used in this Base Prospectus and the 2014 ISDA 
Definitions, there are also many substantial differences and a prospective investor should understand that the 
complete terms and conditions of the Notes are as set out in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms 
only and that the 2014 ISDA Definitions are not incorporated by reference to either. Consequently, investing in 
Credit Linked Notes is not necessarily equivalent to investing a credit default swap that incorporates either the 
2003 ISDA Definitions or the 2014 ISDA Definitions.  
While ISDA has published and, where appropriate, supplemented the 2014 ISDA Definitions in order to 
facilitate transactions and promote uniformity in the credit derivatives market, the credit derivatives market has 
evolved over time and is expected to continue to change. Consequently, the 2014 ISDA Definitions and the 
terms applied to credit derivatives generally, including Credit Linked Notes are subject to further evolution. Past 
events have shown that the view of market participants may differ as to how either set of the ISDA Definitions 
operate or should operate. As a result of the continued evolution of the market, the Credit Linked Notes may not 
conform to future market standards. Such a result may have a negative impact on the Credit Linked Notes and 
there can be no assurances that changes to the terms applicable to credit derivatives generally will be predictable 
or favourable to the Issuer or the Noteholders. 
Risks relating to Auction Settlement of Credit Linked Notes  
Where an Auction Final Price Determination Date occurs in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Auction Final 
Price will be determined according to an auction procedure set out in the applicable Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor 
website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. The Auction Final Price determined 
pursuant to an auction may be less than the market value that would otherwise have been determined in respect 
of the relevant Reference Obligation. 
The Issuer and the Noteholders may have little or no influence in the outcome of any such auction. However, 
there is a possibility that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (or one of their Affiliates) would act as a 
participating bidder in any such auction. In such capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence the 
Auction Final Price including (without limitation): (a) providing rates of conversion to determine the applicable 
currency conversion rates to be used to convert any obligations which are not denominated in the auction 
currency into such currency for the purposes of the auction; and (b) submitting bids, offers and physical 
settlement requests with respect to the relevant Deliverable Obligations. In deciding whether to take any such 
action (or whether to act as a participating bidder in any auction), neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent 
(or any of their Affiliates) shall be under any obligation to consider the interests of any Noteholder and, as a 
result, may take action that is adverse to the interests of Noteholders. 
Cheapest to deliver risk 
Where Physical Settlement is applicable, upon the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent has the discretion to select Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity for delivery to the 
Noteholders. It is likely that the Deliverable Obligations selected by the Calculation Agent are obligations of the 
Reference Entity with the lowest market value that are permitted to be delivered in accordance with the terms of 
the Notes. In addition, the Deliverable Obligations may be illiquid and such illiquidity may be more pronounced 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event, thereby adversely affecting the value of the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation. The Calculation Agent has no liability to account to the Noteholders or any other person for any 
profit or other benefit to it or any of its affiliates which may result directly or indirectly from such selection.  
Cheapest to value risk 
Where Cash Settlement is applicable, upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, the Calculation 
Agent has the discretion to select Valuation Obligations of the Reference Entity for valuation in order to 
determine the Final Price. It is likely that the Valuation Obligations selected by the Calculation Agent are 
obligations of the Reference Entity with the lowest market value that are permitted to be valued in accordance 
with the terms of the Notes. This could result in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
33 
 
 
Noteholders. In addition, the Valuation Obligations may be illiquid and such illiquidity may be more 
pronounced following the occurrence of a Credit Event, thereby adversely affecting the value of the relevant 
Valuation Obligation which in turn would result in a lower recovery value for Noteholders. 
There are specific risks relating to Fund Linked Notes and ETF Linked Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon the price 
or changes in the price of units or shares in a fund or funds (including exchange traded fund shares) or, 
depending on the price or changes in the price of units or shares in such fund or funds, where the Issuer's 
obligation on redemption is to deliver a specified amount of fund shares ("Fund / ETF Linked Notes"). 
Accordingly an investment in Fund / ETF Linked Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct fund 
investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly.  
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Fund / ETF Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest or delivery of 
any specified Fund shares or ETF shares may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all 
or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, the movements in the price of units, shares or interests 
in the fund or funds may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest 
rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant price of the units or shares in the fund 
or funds may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations.  
If the amount of principal or entitlement amount deliverable and/or interest payable are determined in 
conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of 
changes in the price of the units or shares of the fund(s) or exchange traded funds on principal or interest 
payable, and therefore on the amount of potential losses incurred, will be magnified. See also risk factor "There 
are risks associated with leveraged exposures" below. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption date 
and the volatility of the price of units or shares in the fund(s) or exchange traded fund(s). The price of units or 
shares in a fund or exchange traded fund may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one 
or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any units or 
shares in the fund(s) or exchange traded fund(s) may be traded. In addition, the price of units or shares in a fund 
or exchange traded fund may be affected by the performance of the fund service providers, and, in particular, the 
investment advisor. Prospective investors should review carefully the prospectus, information memorandum 
and/or base prospectus (if any) issued by any relevant fund or exchange traded fund before purchasing any 
Notes linked to such funds or exchange traded funds. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any affiliate of the 
Issuer or Guarantor or the Calculation Agent make any representation as to the creditworthiness of any relevant 
fund or exchange traded fund or any such fund's administrative, custodian, investment manager or adviser. If 
such persons are not creditworthy or otherwise fail to perform, as the case may be, it may adversely affect value 
of the Notes. 
In addition, when the Issuer issues Fund / ETF Linked Notes linked to one or more funds, including hedge funds 
and exchange traded funds the relevant fund(s) or exchange traded fund(s) may trade and invest in a broad range 
of investments such as debt and equity securities, commodities or commodity indices and foreign exchange and 
may enter into derivative transactions, including, without limitation, futures and options. The relevant fund(s) or 
exchange traded fund(s) may often be illiquid and may only be traded on a monthly, quarterly or even less 
frequent basis. The trading strategies of funds are often opaque. The relevant fund(s) or exchange traded fund(s), 
as well as the markets and instruments in which they invest, are often not subject to review by governmental 
authorities, self-regulatory organisations or other supervisory authorities. If the underlying relevant fund(s) or 
exchange traded fund(s) do not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Notes will fall, and may in certain 
circumstances be zero. 
Fund/ETF Linked Notes do not provide holders with any participation rights in the underlying Fund/ETF and do 
not entitle holders of Fund/ETF Linked Notes to any ownership interest or rights in such Fund/ETF. Except as 
may be otherwise provided in the Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms, holders will not have 
voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant fund 
shares or units to which such Notes relate. See also risk factor "A Noteholder does not have rights of ownership 
in the Reference Item(s)" 
In the event of the occurrence of one or more Potential ETF Events (as defined in ETF Linked Condition 2), the 
Calculation Agent may seek to make adjustments in accordance with the ETF Linked Conditions. Such 
adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
In the event of the occurrence of one or more Extraordinary Fund Events (as defined in Fund Linked Condition 
1) or Extraordinary ETF Events (as defined in ETF Linked Condition 2), as the case may be, the Issuer may

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
34 
 
 
seek to make adjustments, substitute the relevant Fund Shares or ETF Shares, as the case may be, with fund 
shares of a fund, or exchange traded fund shares, as the case may be, with similar characteristics or, if no such 
fund or ETF is selected, with a replacement index, or redeem the Notes at its discretion. Any adjustment or 
substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
In the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the underlying Fund Shares or ETF Shares, as the case may 
be, are not received by the hedge provider on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or Termination Date, such 
date may be postponed for a period of up to two calendar years (or such other period as may be specified in the 
Final Terms) and no additional amount shall be payable as a result of such delay and so in such circumstance 
investors may therefore miss the opportunity to invest the redemption proceeds that would have been otherwise 
received earlier in other assets or investments. 
See also risk factors "A Noteholder does not have rights of ownership in the Reference Item(s)" and "The 
Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, has broad 
discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Noteholders" below. 
Holders may receive physical delivery of Fund Shares or ETF Shares in lieu of payment of cash amounts. 
Where the Notes include the right of the Issuer, subject to the fulfilment of a particular condition, to redeem the 
Notes at their maturity by delivering Fund Shares or ETF Shares to the purchaser of such Notes, the purchasers 
will receive such Fund Shares or ETF Shares rather than a monetary amount upon maturity. Holders will, 
therefore, be exposed to the issuer of such Fund Shares or ETF Shares and the risks associated with such Fund 
Shares or ETF Shares. The purchaser should not assume that the Noteholder will be able to sell such Fund 
Shares or ETF Shares for a specific price after the redemption of the Notes, and in particular not for the 
purchase price of the Notes. Under certain circumstances the Fund Shares or ETF Shares may only have a very 
low value or may, in fact, be worthless, in which case see risk factor "Investors may lose the original invested 
amount" below. Holders may also be subject to certain documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the delivery 
and/or disposal of such Fund Shares or ETF Shares. 
For all the above reasons, investing directly or indirectly in funds is generally considered to be risky. If the 
underlying fund does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Notes will fall, and may in certain 
circumstances be zero. 
There are specific risks relating to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon 
movements in currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies which may be different from 
the currency in which the Notes are denominated ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes"). Accordingly an 
investment in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes may bear similar market risks to a direct foreign exchange 
investment and potential investors should take advice accordingly. 
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may 
occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected and (iii) they may lose a substantial portion or 
all of their investment. In addition, movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the 
exchange rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their 
expectations.  
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Notes are linked will affect the nature and value of the investment 
return on the Notes. The performance of foreign exchange rates are dependent upon the supply and demand for 
currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including 
inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic 
forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in 
the currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures 
include, without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an 
existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a 
currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that 
would affect exchange rates and the availability of a specified currency. Where the Notes are linked to the 
currency of an emerging market jurisdiction, such risks may be magnified – see also risk factor "Where the 
Notes are denominated in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more emerging market currencies, 
such emerging market currencies can be significantly more volatile than currencies of more developed markets" 
below.

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
35 
 
 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are dependent upon movements in currency exchange rates 
and are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference to some other leverage 
factor, the effect of changes in the currency exchange rates on principal or interest payable will be magnified. 
See also risk factor "There are risks associated with leveraged exposures" below. 
Payments of principal and interest or other obligations of the Issuer in respect of any Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Notes may be restricted or varied upon the occurrence of certain disruption events applicable to the Notes. 
A relevant disruption event for an exchange rate may relate to inability to obtain a price for the exchange rate 
from the applicable price source(s), illiquidity, the split of any relevant currency into a dual exchange rate, 
inconvertibility, non-transferability, a material change in circumstances in the jurisdiction of the Subject 
Currency that makes it impossible to fulfil certain hedging arrangements, a nationalisation or variations in the 
prices quoted for the exchange on different sources being greater than a specified percentage threshold (or not 
quoted for by members of a survey used to determine such source) if specified for that rate in the terms and 
conditions of the Notes and/or the Final Terms.   
Following a relevant disruption event, the applicable valuation date may be postponed so long as the relevant 
disruption event continues, the Calculation Agent may determine the applicable exchange rate, the Notes may be 
redeemed early (or on the originally designated date) by payment of the applicable early redemption amount 
rather than any amount that would have otherwise been calculated in respect of and due on the relevant date, the 
related date for payment or delivery may be deferred so long as the relevant disruption event continues or a 
fallback reference price source or sources may be used to calculate the rate instead of the originally designated 
price source. Potential investors in any Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes may be affected by an adverse effect 
on (i) the value of, and/or amounts or assets due in respect of, the Notes due to the occurrence of any disruption 
event and application of the related disruption fallback(s); or (ii) an investor's investment schedule, timetable or 
plans if any due date for payment and/or delivery under the Notes is postponed as a consequence of a disruption 
event. 
See also risk factor  "The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the 
Guarantor, has broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Noteholders" 
below. 
There are specific risks relating to Inflation Linked Notes  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon the level of 
an inflation index or indices ("Inflation Linked Notes"). 
Prospective investors in any such Notes should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Inflation Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a 
different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, 
the movements in the level of the inflation index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that may 
not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant 
level of the inflation index or indices may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is 
consistent with their expectations.  
In certain circumstances following cessation of publication of the inflation index, the Calculation Agent may 
determine a successor inflation index and make adjustments to the terms of the Notes and such adjustments may 
have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. In certain circumstances following cessation of publication of 
the inflation index, the Calculation Agent may determine that there is no appropriate alternative inflation index, 
in which case the Issuer may redeem the Notes early and investors may receive less than their initial investment 
in the Notes. See also risk factor  "The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate 
of the Guarantor, has broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the 
Noteholders" below. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable are determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than 
one or by reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the inflation index or the 
indices on principal or interest payable will be magnified. See also risk factor "There are risks associated with 
leveraged exposures" below. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption date 
and the volatility of the level of the inflation index or indices. The level of the inflation index or indices may be 
affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. See also risk factor "The 
Group is exposed to risks related to reforms of Index and Commodity Index "Benchmarks" below.

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
36 
 
 
There are specific risks relating to Floating Rate Notes  
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate 
Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield 
of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared 
with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" provide 
for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates 
decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates 
then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer's ability to issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and 
secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). See also risk factors "There are risks 
associated with leveraged exposures" and "The Group is exposed to risks related to reforms of Index and 
Commodity Index "Benchmarks" and "There are risks associated with leveraged exposures" below. 
There are specific risks relating to Fixed Rate Notes  
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. See also risk 
factor "There are risks associated with leveraged exposures" below. 
3.3 
Risk Factors associated generally with Notes that are linked to Reference Item(s)  
There are specific risks relating to Reference Item Linked Notes  
Reference Item Linked Notes are securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption amounts and/or 
interest payments, but amounts payable (whether in respect of principal and/or interest) or deliverable will be 
dependent upon the performance of the Reference Item, or a combination of Reference Items, which themselves 
may contain substantial credit, interest rate, foreign exchange, correlation, time value, political and/or other 
risks. 
An investment in Reference Item Linked Notes therefore entails significant risks that are not associated with 
similar investments in a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security. These risks include the possibility that 
the holder of a Reference Item Linked Note could lose all or a substantial portion of the principal of such Note 
(whether payable at maturity or upon redemption or repayment), and that the resulting interest rate (if any) will  
be less than that payable on a conventional debt security issued by the Issuer at the same time or no interest will 
be payable at all. The risk of the loss of some or all of the purchase price of a Reference Item Linked Note upon 
redemption means that, in order to recover and realise a return upon his or her investment, a purchaser of such 
Note must generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value 
of the relevant Reference Item. 
It may not be possible to use the Notes as a perfect hedge against the market risk associated with investing in 
a Reference Item 
Potential purchasers intending to purchase Notes to hedge against the market risk associated with investing in a 
Reference Item should recognise the complexities of utilising Notes in this manner. For example, the value of 
the Notes may not exactly match the value of the Reference Item. Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the 
Notes, there is no assurance that their value will match movements in the value of the Reference Item. For these 
reasons, among others, it may not be possible to purchase or liquidate Notes in a portfolio at the prices used to 
calculate the value of any Reference Item. 
There are specific risks with regard to Notes linked to a combination of Reference Items 
An investment in Notes that are linked to a combination of Reference Items will entail significant risks not 
associated with an investment in a conventional debt security. A combination of the risks associated to the 
Reference Items may be significantly higher than the risks of each Reference Item considered on its own. On 
redemption of these type of Notes, the Noteholders will receive an amount (if any) or Entitlement (if any) 
determined by reference to the value of a combination of a number of different Reference Items. These Notes 
may pay interest calculated by reference to the value of the combination of a number of Reference Items. 
A Noteholder does not have rights of ownership in the Reference Item(s)  
Purchasers of Notes should be aware that neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is under no obligation to hold a 
position in any Reference Item(s) and should note that the relevant Reference Item(s) that may be held by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor will not be held by them for the benefit of the purchasers of such Notes and, as such, 
Noteholders will not obtain any rights of ownership, including, without limitation, any voting rights, any rights 
to receive dividends or other distributions or any other rights with respect to any Reference Item referenced by

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
37 
 
 
such Notes. As a result, Noteholders will not be able to exercise rights they would have as owner or have any 
recourse to any issuer of a Reference Item.  
With respect to Equity Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Interest Amount and/or 
Final Redemption Amount will not reflect the payment of any dividends on the underlying equity securities. 
Accordingly, the return on the Equity Linked Notes will not reflect the return an investor would realise if it 
actually owned the underlying equity securities and received dividends, if any, paid on those securities. 
Therefore, the yield to maturity based on the methodology for calculating the Final Redemption Amount will 
not be the same yield as would be produced if the underlying equity securities were purchased directly and held 
for a similar period.  
With respect to the Index Linked Notes, if the components of the indices are shares, Noteholders will not 
receive any dividends paid on those shares and will not participate in the return on those dividends unless the 
relevant index takes such dividends into account for purposes of calculating the relevant level. Accordingly, 
purchasers in Index Linked Notes may receive a lower payment upon redemption of such Notes than such 
purchaser would have received if the Noteholder had invested in the components of the index directly.  
With respect to Fund / ETF Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Interest Amount 
and/or Final Redemption Amount will not reflect the payment of any dividends on the underlying fund shares or 
exchange traded fund shares, as the case may be. Accordingly, the return on the Fund / ETF Linked Notes will 
not reflect the return an investor would realise if it actually owned the underlying fund shares or exchange 
traded fund shares, as the case may be, and received dividends, if any, paid on those underlying fund shares or 
exchange traded fund shares, as the case may be. Therefore, the yield to maturity based on the methodology for 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount will not be the same yield as would be produced if the underlying 
fund shares or exchange traded fund shares, as the case may be, were purchased directly and held for a similar 
period. 
As a result, potential investors in Index Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes or Fund / ETF Linked Notes may 
receive less return than expected. See also risk factors "There are specific risks relating to Equity Linked Notes", 
"There are specific risks relating to Index Linked Notes" and "There are specific risks relating to Fund Linked 
Notes and ETF Linked Notes" above. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates may take positions in or deal with Reference Item(s)  
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor are subject to various potential conflicts of interest in respect of the Notes, 
which could have an adverse effect on the Notes. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates may: 
(i) 
in the ordinary course of business, effect transactions for their own account or for the account of their 
customers and hold long or short positions in the Reference Item(s) or related derivatives; 
(ii) 
in connection with an offering of Notes, enter into one or more hedging transactions with respect to the 
Reference Item(s) or related derivatives; and/or 
(iii) 
in connection with such hedging or market-making activities or with respect to proprietary or other 
trading activities, enter into transactions in the Reference Item(s) or related derivatives which may 
adversely (or positively) affect the price, liquidity or value of the relevant Notes and which could 
therefore be adverse to the interests of the relevant Noteholders. 
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor may have confidential information relating to the Reference Item and the 
Notes 
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor or its affiliates may from time to time, by virtue of their status as underwriter, 
advisor or otherwise, possess or have access to information relating to the Notes, the Reference Item and any 
derivatives referencing them. Such affiliates will not be obliged to disclose any such information to a purchaser 
of the Notes provided that when such information constitutes inside information for the purposes of the Market 
Abuse Regulation 596/2014 ("MAR"), then the provisions of MAR and of any other conduct rules will be of 
application in relation to the same. 
The Guarantor's securities may be or form part of a Reference Item  
The Guarantor's shares or other instruments issued by the Guarantor may be/form part of a Reference Item in 
Index Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes or other type of Notes. The Guarantor will have material information 
in relation to such Notes which the Guarantor will not be obliged to disclose to a purchaser of Notes.  
3.4 
Risk Factors relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
38 
 
 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Notes and an investor may lose some 
or all of the principal amount invested by it. 
Investors may lose the original invested amount 
Investors may lose all or some of their investment in the Notes, as the case may be, as a result of the occurrence 
of any one or more of the following events:  
(i) 
pursuant to Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer and the Guarantor of the Notes are 
subject to insolvency proceedings or some other event impairing the ability of each to perform some or 
all if its payment obligations under the Notes; 
(ii) 
pursuant to Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions, the terms of the relevant Notes do not provide for 
full repayment of the initial purchase price upon final maturity and/or mandatory early redemption of 
such Notes and the relevant Reference Item(s) perform in such a manner that the final redemption 
amount and/or mandatory early redemption amount is less than the initial purchase price; 
(iii) 
the purchaser seeks to sell the relevant Notes prior to their scheduled maturity, and the sale price of the 
Notes in the secondary market is less than the purchaser's initial investment; and 
(iv) 
the Notes are subject to certain adjustments in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Notes 
that may result in the scheduled amount to be paid or asset(s) to be delivered upon redemption being 
reduced to or being valued at an amount less than a purchaser's initial investment. 
Notwithstanding that the relevant Notes may be linked to the performance of one or more Reference Items, 
investors in such Notes do not have and shall not receive any rights in respect of any Reference Item and shall 
have no right to call for any Reference Item to be delivered to them (unless otherwise provided in the Final 
Terms). In addition, neither the relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor of the Notes shall be required to hold any 
Reference Item. As a result, Noteholders will not be able to exercise rights they would have as owner or have 
any recourse to any issuer of a Reference Item. 
There are risks associated with leveraged exposures 
Leverage involves the use of a number of financial techniques to increase the exposure to a Reference Item, and 
can therefore magnify both returns and losses. While the use of leverage allows for potential multiples of a 
return (assuming a return is achieved) when the Reference Item moves in the anticipated direction, it will 
conversely magnify losses when the Reference Item moves against expectations. If the relevant Notes  
(including Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Notes) include leverage, potential holders of such Notes should 
note that these Notes will involve a higher level of risk, and that whenever there are losses such losses will be 
higher (other things being equal) than those of a similar Note which is not leveraged.  
The relevant market value of the Notes at any time is dependent on other matters in addition to the credit risk 
of the Issuer and Guarantor and the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s) 
The market value of the Notes at any time will be affected by a number of factors independent of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) and the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), 
including: 
(i) 
changes in market paramaters such price level of the underlying(s), interest rates, volatility and credit 
spreads; 
(ii) 
the time remaining to any redemption date or the Maturity Date; 
(iii) 
where the Reference Item(s) is/are equity securities, the dividend rate on reference item(s) and the 
financial results and prospects of the issuer of each Reference Item. 
The amount payable and/or deliverable in respect of Notes at any time prior to redemption is typically expected 
to be less than the trading price of such Notes at that time. The difference between the trading price and such 
amount will reflect, among other things, a "time value" for the Notes. The "time value" of the Notes will depend 
partly upon the length of the period remaining to final redemption and expectations concerning the value of the 
relevant Reference Item(s). Certain market circumstances may adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes and 
holders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or may have to sell them at a price that significantly affect the 
amount they earn. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, that investor will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
39 
 
 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments 
on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments under the 
Guarantee in the Specified Notes Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Notes Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Notes Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Notes Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's 
Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or Guarantor to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
There are certain considerations associated with Notes linked to Emerging Markets  
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount payable on redemption or the interest payable is linked to 
Reference Items which consist of (i) securities, funds, ETFs or indices comprising securities of issuers that are 
located in, or subject to regulation in, emerging or developing countries, or (ii) securities which are denominated 
in the currency of, or are traded in, emerging or developing countries or (iii) currencies of emerging or 
developing countries. Prospective investors should note that additional risks may be associated with investment 
in such Notes, including risks associated with political and economic uncertainty, adverse governmental 
policies, restrictions on foreign investment and currency convertibility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, 
possible lower levels of disclosure and regulation, and uncertainties as to the status, interpretation and 
application of laws including, but not limited to, those relating to expropriation, nationalisation and confiscation. 
Notes traded in emerging or developing countries tend to be less liquid and the prices of such securities more 
volatile. In addition, settlement of trades in some such markets may be slower and more subject to failure than in 
markets in developed countries. 
The probability of the occurrence of a disruption event and consequently loss of investment or profit by an 
investor may be higher for certain developing or emerging markets.   
Where the Notes are denominated in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more emerging market 
currencies, such emerging market currencies can be significantly more volatile than currencies of more 
developed markets.  
Where the Notes are denominated in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more emerging market 
currencies, amounts determined to be due or deliverable in respect of such Notes may be significantly more 
volatile and subject to less certainty as to future rates than if the Notes were linked to currencies of more 
developed markets, for example emerging markets` currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis 
happening in the future. 
In particular, policies or actions of any relevant governments of the jurisdictions of such emerging markets 
currencies to which the Notes may be linked (the "Currency Jurisdictions") could adversely affect the relevant 
exchange rate(s) (such as through market interventions of their central banks or equivalent bodies; governmental 
action which changes or interferes with currency valuations or currency fluctuations that would otherwise occur 
in response to economic forces; and restrictions on foreign investment and currency convertibility or movement 
across borders). Non-governmental action may also directly or indirectly adversely affect the relevant exchange 
rates (such as through weak overall growth and performance of each applicable Currency Jurisdiction's economy 
and stock exchanges; political, economic and social uncertainty, including risks of nationalisation and 
expropriation of assets and natural disasters; or wars which affect any Currency Jurisdiction directly or 
indirectly). 
Investors should note that the risk of occurrence and the severity of consequence of the matters described above 
may be greater with respect to any emerging market jurisdiction than they otherwise would be in relation to 
more developed countries. Economies in emerging markets are generally more heavily dependent upon 
international trade, and accordingly, may be affected adversely by trade barriers, foreign exchange controls 
(including taxes), managed adjustments in relative currency values and other protectionist measures imposed or 
negotiated with countries with which they trade.

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
40 
 
 
The occurrence of any of the above circumstances may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes and 
amounts due (if any) or assets deliverable (if any), or the date for payment thereunder. 
Additionally, investors should note that if a disruption event occurs which prohibits or prevents the Issuer from 
making a payment in respect of the Notes, such payment will be postponed to a date falling 14 calendar days 
after the date on which such disruption event is no longer occurring and no interest shall accrue or Event of 
Default occur as a result of such postponement. In the event that the disruption event is continuing on the date 
which is one year after the last scheduled payment date in respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall make payment of 
the relevant amount in U.S. dollars or euros.  
Notes may be denominated in one currency and settled in another currency  
If the Final Terms specify that the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are applicable, then such Notes are 
denominated in one currency (the "SER Subject Currency") but all or certain amounts due thereunder, as the 
case may be, are (or may be, if certain conditions such as a relevant exchange rate is at above or below a certain 
level(s)) are settled in another currency (the "Settlement Currency"). As such, the applicable amounts are 
converted by converting such amounts by reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the Notes. 
If the Final Terms specify that the SER Intermediate Currency Requirements are applicable, then such Notes are 
denominated in one currency but all or certain amounts due thereunder, as the case may be, if any, are converted 
into an intermediate currency (the "SER Intermediate Currency") and then settled in the Settlement Currency. 
As such, the applicable amounts are converted by converting such amounts by reference to the applicable 
Second Settlement Exchange Rate and then the second Settlement Exchange Rate, each as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the Notes. 
Notes are not principal protected in the SER Intermediate Currency or Settlement Currency even if the Notes are 
principal protected in the SER Subject Currency. If the denomination currency depreciates against the 
Settlement Currency or the SER Intermediate Currency, this will reduce the Settlement Currency amounts 
received (if any) under the Notes and an investor may receive less than their initial investment in the Notes.  
Where a fixed Settlement Exchange Rate or Second Settlement Exchange Rate is not specified in the Final 
Terms, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor have control over the Settlement Exchange Rate or the Second 
Settlement Exchange Rate and will not make any adjustment or change in the terms of the Notes in the event 
that exchange rates should become fixed, or in the event of any devaluation or revaluation or imposition of 
exchange or other regulatory controls or taxes, or in the event of other developments affecting the settlement 
currency, the denomination currency or any foreign currency. Investors will bear those risks. In addition, if an 
Unscheduled Holiday or a Price Source Disruption occurs in respect of the applicable Settlement Exchange 
Rate, the applicable disruption fallbacks may provide that the scheduled settlement exchange rate valuation date 
for such rate will be postponed, then this may result in deferral of the corresponding payment date under the 
Notes. If a date for payment is so postponed, this could adversely affect an investor's investment schedule, 
timetable or plans as they will receive amounts in respect of the Notes later than the originally scheduled date 
for payment. No interest will accrue or other amount will be payable by the Issuer in the event of any such 
delay.  
In addition, investments in UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes may be adversely impacted due to the fact that the 
payments in respect of the UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes are adjusted by reference to the UVR rate in effect on 
the applicable payment date and so investors are exposed to fluctuations in that rate. Where there is a UVR 
Event (as defined in Annex 1 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts), the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes are redeemed early at the Early Redemption Amount and 
interest will cease to accrue and no further interest will be payable from the Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Issue Date) immediately preceding such UVR Event. 
If a Reference Item Linked Note includes Market Disruption Events or Failure to Open of an Exchange and 
the Calculation Agent determines such an event has occurred, any consequential postponement of the 
Scheduled Valuation Date may have an adverse effect on the Notes  
If an issue of Reference Item Linked Notes includes provisions dealing with the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange on a Scheduled Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Market Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange has occurred or exists on such date, 
any consequential postponement of the Valuation Date or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in 
any such Notes may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Notes. The timing of such dates

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
41 
 
 
(as scheduled or as so postponed or adjusted) may affect the value of the relevant Notes such that the Noteholder 
may receive a lower redemption amount and/or interest amount or other payment under the relevant Notes than 
otherwise would have been the case. The occurrence of such a Market Disruption Event or failure to open of an 
exchange in relation to any Reference Item comprising a basket may also have such an adverse effect on Notes 
related to such basket. In addition, any such consequential postponement may result in the postponement of the 
date of redemption of the Notes.  
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of the 
issue price could lose all of its investment 
The relevant Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure 
by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of its Notes will result in the Notes 
redeeming early and could result in such investor losing all of its investment.  
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates  
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium from their 
principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater 
the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.  
There are risks associated with Physically Settled Notes  
In the case of Notes which are redeemable by delivery of assets (other than Credit Linked Notes), if a Settlement 
Disruption Event occurs or exists on the due date for redemption of the Notes, settlement will be postponed until 
the next Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption Event. The Issuer in 
these circumstances also has the right to pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount in lieu of delivering the 
Entitlement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). 
If a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurs, the Issuer has the right, in lieu of delivery of the assets affected 
by such event, to pay the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount to the Noteholders. The Disruption Cash 
Redemption Amount and/or the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount may be less than the fair market value 
of the Entitlement. 
Noteholders may be required to pay certain expenses in relation to Physically Settled Notes  
Holders of Notes subject to Physical Delivery must pay all Expenses relating to delivery of such Notes. As 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, "Expenses" includes all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses 
including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the delivery of the 
Entitlement. 
There are certain requirements to be fulfilled and payments to be made by the Holder in order to receive 
Entitlement(s) in connection with Physically Settled Notes and the Issuer may decide to settle by way of cash 
payment instead in certain circumstances  
In order to receive the Entitlement in respect of a Note settled by way of Physical Delivery, the holder of such 
Note must deliver or send to the relevant Clearing System or Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) a duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice on or prior to the relevant time on the Cut-off Date and pay the relevant 
Expenses. If a Noteholder fails to deliver as required the certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership or 
certification that it is an eligible investor for U.S. securities law purposes, the Issuer may deliver what the 
Calculation Agent determines to be the fair market value of the Entitlement instead of the relevant assets. 
There are risks associated with Notes to which Variation of Settlement applies  
If Variation of Settlement applies, the Issuer has the right to elect to deliver Relevant Assets in lieu of the Final 
Redemption Amount. Noteholders should be aware that in this regard they are exposed to the credit risk and 
performance of the Relevant Assets as to the extent that the value of such Relevant Assets falls below the value 
of the Final Redemption Amount, the Issuer is financially incentivised to exercise its option to deliver the 
Relevant Assets to the Noteholders. If the Relevant Assets are bonds, Noteholders should also take note of the 
fact that if such bond redeems prior to the Maturity Date for any reason, and the Issuer elects to vary settlement, 
the Issuer may deliver the redemption proceeds of such bond, which might be substantially less than the nominal 
amount of the bond. 
There are risks associated with Notes where denominations involve integral multiples

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
42 
 
 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
(as set out in the relevant Final Terms) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it 
is possible that such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time (i) may not be able to transfer such Notes and (ii) may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and in each case would need to purchase a nominal amount of 
Notes such that its holding amounts to an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that 
is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
CREST Depository Interests 
Investors who hold interests in the Notes through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited ("CREST") through 
demateralised depository interests ("CREST Depository Interests") will not be the legal owners of the Notes 
(the "Underlying Securities") to which such CREST Depository Interests relate. CREST Depository Interests 
are separate legal instruments from the Underlying Securities and represent indirect interests in the interests of 
the CREST Nominee in such Underlying Securities. The "CREST Manual" consists of a number of documents 
which set out the legal relationship of CREST with its users and participants.   
The Underlying Securities (as distinct from the CREST Depository Interests representing indirect interests in 
such Underlying Securities) will be held in an account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the Underlying 
Securities through the relevant Clearance System. The legal title to the Underlying Securities or to interests in 
the Underlying Securities will depend on the rules of the relevant Clearance System in or through which the 
Underlying Securities are held. 
CREST International Nominees Limited or another entity appointed to act as nominee (the "CREST Nominee") 
in accordance with the CREST Global Deed Poll (in the form from time to time contained in Chapter 8 of the 
CREST International Manual (which forms part of the CREST Manual) (the "CREST Deed Poll")) will hold 
the legal title to the Underlying Securities and the direct enforcement right in respect of the Underlying 
Securities. Rights in respect of the Underlying Securities cannot be enforced by holders of CREST Depository 
Interests except indirectly through CREST Depository Limited or any successor thereto (the "CREST 
Depository") and the CREST Nominee who in turn can enforce rights indirectly through the intermediary 
depositaries and custodians described above. The enforcement of rights in respect of the Underlying Securities 
will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant intermediary. 
These arrangements could result in an elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been 
made in respect of the Underlying Securities in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant 
intermediary, in particular where the Underlying Securities held in clearing systems are not held in special 
purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers 
of the relevant intermediaries. 
Holders of CREST Depository Interests will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all 
provisions of or prescribed pursuant to the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules applicable to the 
CREST International Settlement Links Service (in each case as contained in the CREST Manual). Investors in 
CREST Depository Interests should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and the CREST Manual 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of the CREST International Manual and the CREST 
Rules) contain indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be given by holders of CREST 
Depository Interests and limitations on the liability of the CREST Depository as issuer of the CREST 
Depository Interests. Holders of CREST Depository Interests may incur liabilities pursuant to or resulting from 
a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested 
by them and the rights of and returns received by holders of CREST Depository Interests may differ from those 
of holders of Notes which are not represented by CREST Depository Interests. 
Investors in CREST Depository Interests should note that holders of CREST Depository Interests may be 
required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the 
CREST International Settlement Links Service.  
3.5 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes generally  
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with 
an investment in those Notes

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
43 
 
 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Should the credit 
ratings of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Notes be revised, suspended or withdrawn this could result in 
increased interest and other expenses on the Issuer's and the Guarantor's future borrowings and, therefore, have a 
material adverse effect on the Guarantor's business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
In general, European (including United Kingdom) regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation") from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such 
ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU or the United Kingdom and registered under 
the CRA Regulation, (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU and non-UK credit rating agencies, 
unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered or UK registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant non-EU or non-UK rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). If the status of 
the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European (including United Kingdom) investors may no longer be 
able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may 
result in European (including United Kingdom) regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the 
value of the Notes and any secondary market. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by 
ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with 
respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Claims of Holders under the Notes are effectively junior to those of certain other creditors  
Pursuant to BRRD and Law 11/2015 (as defined below, and as amended), the Issuer and/or the Notes should not 
be subject to the general Spanish Bail-in Power or analogous bail-in tool. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the guarantee in respect of the Notes (the "Guarantee") and agreements entered 
into between the Guarantor and the Issuer upon which the Issuer depends to pay interest and repay the principal 
of the Notes to the Noteholders (the “Hedging Agreements”) are liabilities of BBVA, that are potentially 
subject to the Spanish Bail-in Power.  
Furthermore, the Notes and the Guarantee are unsecured and non-subordinated liabilities that, subject to 
statutory preferences, will rank equally with any of the Issuer's and the Guarantor's other unsecured and 
unsubordinated indebtedness. However, the Note and the Guarantee will be effectively subordinated to all of, 
respectively, the Issuer's and the Guarantor's secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets 
securing such indebtedness, and other preferential obligations under Spanish law.  
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 15 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or such other directive as 
may come into effect in place thereof, as implemented into Spanish law by Law 11/2015 and Spanish Royal 
Decree 1012/2015 of November 6, by virtue of which Law 11/2015 is developed and Royal Decree 2606/1996 
of December 20 on credit entities’ deposit guarantee fund is amended (Real Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de 
noviembre, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades 
de crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión, y por el que se modifica el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de 
diciembre, sobre fondos de garantía de depósitos de entidades de crédito), as amended, replaced or 
supplemented from time to time (“RD 1012/2015”), as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time 
(including as amended by Directive 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 20, as 
transposed into Spanish Law by Royal Decree-Law 7/2021 of 27th of April) and including any other relevant 
implementing or developing regulatory provisions. 
"Spanish Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, cancellation or suspension 
power existing from time to time under: (i) any law, regulation, rule or requirement applicable from time to time 
in Spain, relating to the transposition or development of BRRD, including, but not limited to (a) Law 11/2015, 
(b) RD 1012/2015 and (c) the SRM Regulation; or (ii) any other law, regulation, rule or requirement applicable 
from time to time in Spain pursuant to which (a) obligations or liabilities of banks, investment firms or other 
financial institutions can be reduced, cancelled, modified, transferred or converted into shares, other securities, 
or other obligations of such persons or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period or permanently) 
or (b) any right in a contract governing such obligations may be deemed to have been exercised.An active

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
44 
 
 
secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would adversely 
affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, so investors should be 
prepared to hold their Notes until maturity. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their scheduled maturity  
In the event that the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding as provided in General Condition 7 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or the performance 
of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes or any arrangements made to hedge its obligations under the Notes 
has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part or if an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event (as defined in General Condition 6(l) occurs), the Issuer may or be required to 
redeem all of the Notes then outstanding in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
In the event that one or more Events of Default (as defined in General Condition 9 of the "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes") occurs, the Notes may become immediately due and repayable at their Early Redemption 
Amount. In addition, if "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms, on the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event the Notes will be automatically redeemed at 
their Automatic Early Redemption Amount. If an Additional Disruption Event or an Extraordinary Event 
occurs, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early. 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer. 
Such right of termination is often provided for Notes in periods of high interest rates. If the market interest rates 
decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of termination increases. As a 
consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount 
of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. As a consequence, the 
Noteholder may not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that choose to reinvest 
monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than 
the redeemed Notes.  
The Calculation Agent, which will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, has broad 
discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Noteholders 
As the Calculation Agent will generally be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, potential conflicts of 
interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders, including with respect to the exercise of 
the very broad discretionary powers of the Calculation Agent. For example, the Calculation Agent has the 
authority (i) to determine whether certain specified events and/or matters so specified in the conditions relating 
to a Tranche of Notes have occurred and (ii) to determine any resulting adjustments and calculations or 
substitutions as described in such conditions. Potential purchasers should be aware that any determination made 
by the Calculation Agent may have an impact on the value and financial return of the Notes or result in the 
occurrence of an early repayment at an amount less than an investor's initial investment. Any such discretion 
exercised by, or any calculation made by, the Calculation Agent (in the absence of manifest or proven error) 
shall be binding on the relevant Issuer and all Noteholders. 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make gross 
up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could significantly 
adversely affect their return on the Notes  
Spanish Tax Rules may impose withholding tax in certain circumstances (subject to certain exceptions) and 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is obliged to pay additional amounts in such event.  
Notes originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located in Spain 
According to the wording of article 44.4 of RD 1065/2007, income derived from securities originally registered 
with a clearing system located in Spain, will be paid free of Spanish withholding tax in respect to non-Spanish-
resident holders (acting or not through a permanent establishment in the Kingdom of Spain) or to legal entities 
that are resident in the Kingdom of Spain for tax purposes and are subject to Corporate Income Tax, provided 
that the entities which hold values registered on its third parties accounts or, if applicable, the entities that

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
45 
 
 
manage clearing systems located outside Spain which have entered into an agreement with such clearing system 
located in Spain, submit a statement to the Issuer in accordance with the form attached as annex to RD 
1065/2007 (see "Supplementary Annex" under "Taxation" section of this Base Prospectus) with the following 
information:  
(A) 
identification of the securities;  
(B) 
total amount of income;  
(C) 
amount of income received by individual with tax residency in Spain which are 
subject to personal income tax; and  
(D) 
amount of income received that will be paid free of Spanish withholding tax.  
Notes originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside of Spain 
According to the literal wording of Article 44.5 of RD 1065/2007, income derived from securities originally 
registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain, and are recognised by Spanish 
law or by the law of another OECD country (such as the Depository Trust Company ("DTC"), Euroclear or 
Clearstream), will be paid free of Spanish withholding tax provided that the Paying Agent appointed by the 
Issuer submits a statement to the Issuer, the form of which is included in the Agency Agreement, with the 
following information:  
(i) 
identification of the securities; and 
(ii) 
total amount of the income corresponding to each clearing system located outside Spain. 
These obligations refer to the total amount paid to investors through each foreign clearing house. For these 
purposes, "income means interest and the difference, if any, between the aggregate amount payable on the 
redemption of the Notes and the issue price of the Notes".  
In accordance with Article 44 of RD 1065/2007 as amended by RD 1145/2011, the relevant Paying Agent 
should provide the relevant Issuer with the statement on the business day immediately prior to each interest 
payment date. The statement must reflect the situation at the close of business of that same day. In the event that 
on such date, the entity(ies) obliged to provide the declaration fail to do so, the Issuer or the Paying Agent on its 
behalf will make a withholding at the general rate (currently 19 per cent.) on the total amount of the return on 
the relevant Notes otherwise payable to such entity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer has agreed that in 
the event withholding tax should be required by law, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as would have 
been received had no such withholding or deduction been required, except as provided in Condition 7 and as 
otherwise described in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Potential conflicts of interest relating to distributors or other entities involved in the offer or listing of the 
Notes 
Investors should be aware that potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the Notes, as any 
distributors or other entities involved in the offer and/or the listing of the Notes as indicated in the Final Terms, 
may act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and for the Dealer and can receive 
commissions and/or fees on the basis of the services performed in relation to such offer and/or listing.  
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.  
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
46 
 
 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors may be exposed to reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
The Issuer of the Notes may be substituted without the consent of the Noteholders  
The conditions of the Notes provide that the Issuer of the Notes may be replaced as obligor under such Notes 
with the Guarantor or any company from BBVA's group. Whilst the new issuer will provide an indemnity in 
favour of the Noteholders in relation to any additional tax or duties that become payable solely as a result of 
such substitution, Noteholders will not have the right to object to such substitution. See General Condition 16 of 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". Any such substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Notes. 
The Guarantor of the Notes may be substituted without the consent of the Noteholders 
The conditions of the Notes provide that the Guarantor of the Notes may be replaced as guarantor under such 
Notes with another company incorporated anywhere in the world. Whilst the new guarantor will provide an 
indemnity in favour of the Noteholders in relation to any additional tax or duties that become payable solely as a 
result of such substitution. Noteholders will not have the right to object to such substitution. See General 
Condition 16 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". Any such substitution may have an adverse effect on 
the value of the Notes. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The General Conditions (except for General Condition 18 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of the 
Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to 
the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Spanish and English law or administrative practice 
after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any 
Notes affected by it.  
The Group is exposed to risks related to reforms of Index and Commodity Index "Benchmarks" 
The global reform of the reference interest rates is a key aspect of monitoring for the Guarantor. Interbank 
offered rates (“IBORs”) are key reference interest rates underpinning many contracts within the financial sector 
worldwide. Following the FSB's 2014 recommendations, authorities in several countries are promoting 
initiatives for the financial system to reduce its dependence on the interbank offered rates (“IBORs”) and 
transition to risk-free alternative interest rates (“RFR”) by late 2021. These RFRs are designed to overcome the 
difficulties of IBOR rates; especially, to minimize dependence on expert judgment and guarantee greater 
transparency and understanding in its elaboration process. In certain cases, such transition will result in the 
substitution of the rate historically used as a reference by the new RFR (for example in Europe, the substitution 
of Euro overnight index average ("EONIA") by the euro short term rate, or in the United States, the substitution 
of USD LIBOR by SOFR) or the modification of the existing index methodology (for example, in the case of 
overnight interest rates, the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") for the GBP market, or in the case of 
forward interest rates, the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR")). 
BBVA Group has a significant number of financial assets and liabilities whose contracts are referenced to 
IBORs, especially the EURIBOR, which is used, among others, for loans, deposits and debt issues, as well as an 
underlying reference rate in derivatives. Furthermore, although the exposure to EONIA is lower in the banking 
book, this IBOR is used as the underlying reference in derivatives of the trading book, as well as for the 
treatment of collaterals, mainly in Spain. In the case of LIBOR, the USD is the most relevant currency for, both, 
debt instruments of the banking book and the trading book. Other LIBOR currencies (CHF, GBP and JPY) have 
a lower specific weight. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes for which a request for admission to 
trading on a trading venue has been made, or which are traded on a trading venue or via a "systematic 
internaliser" linked to a "benchmark" for Benchmarks Regulation purpose, including in any of the following 
circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to any applicable transitional 
provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, depending on the particular "benchmark" 
and the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed or otherwise 
impacted; and

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
47 
 
 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate 
or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the 
terms of the Notes, including calculation agent determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event may arise if any of the following circumstances occurs or will occur: (1) a 
benchmark is materially changed or permanently cancelled, or (2) (i) the relevant authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of the benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of the benchmark is not obtained, (ii) an application for authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is rejected or (iii) any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or inclusion 
in any official register is withdrawn. 
In the United Kingdom, the national government has extended the legislation originally put in place to cover 
LIBOR to regulate a number of additional major United Kingdom-based financial benchmarks in the fixed 
income, commodity and currency markets, which could be further expanded in the future. 
The FCA has also released "Financial Benchmarks: Thematic review of oversight and controls," which reviewed 
the activities of firms in relation to a much broader spectrum of "benchmarks" that ultimately could impact 
inputs, governance and availability of certain "benchmarks." The Chief Executive of the United Kingdom FCA, 
which regulates LIBOR, released a statement on 5 March 2021 announcing the future cessation or loss of 
representativeness of the thirty-five LIBOR benchmark settings currently published by ICE Benchmark 
Administration, an authorised administrator, regulated and supervised by the FCA. Pursuant to the latest FCA 
statement, publication of (i) all euro LIBOR and Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the spot next, 1-week, 2-month 
and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month sterling LIBOR 
settings, and the 1-week and 2-month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 31 December 2021 
and (ii) the overnight and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 30 June 2023. In 
relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (that is, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling, US dollar and 
Japanese yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult or continue to consider the case for using its proposed 
powers to require IBA to continue publishing these settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, though the 1-month, 3-month 
and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings would cease permanently at the end of 2022. Nevertheless, the FCA 
confirmed that, even if it does require IBA to continue publishing any of these nine remaining LIBOR settings 
on a ‘synthetic’ basis, such settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market and the economic 
reality that such settings are intended to measure and representativeness will not be restored. Therefore, after 31 
December 2021 (or 30 June 2023 in relation to the overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month US 
dollar LIBOR settings) all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be 
representative. 
Any of the international, national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain "benchmarks", trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the disappearance of certain 
"benchmarks". The disappearance of a "benchmark" or changes in the manner of administration of a 
"benchmark" could result in adjustment to the terms and conditions, early redemption, discretionary valuation 
by the calculation agent, delisting or other consequence in relation to Notes linked to such "benchmark". Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Risks relating to USD LIBOR 
If the relevant Benchmark (as defined in General Condition 6(l) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") for 
the determination of the Rate of Interest in respect of any Floating Rate Notes is a USD LIBOR rate (of any 
tenor) or any Notes otherwise reference a USD LIBOR rate (of any tenor) and the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined in "Annex 9 – USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Annex ") 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined in "Annex 9 – USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition 
Event Annex ") have occurred prior to the Reference Time (as defined in "Annex 9 – USD LIBOR Benchmark 
Transition Event Annex") and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a Benchmark Replacement that will 
account for the effect of the Benchmark Transition Event, then a Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-
current USD LIBOR rate for all purposes relating to the Notes during the applicable Interest Period or other 
applicable period or date(s) in accordance with the provisions of the Annex 9 – USD LIBOR Benchmark

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
48 
 
 
Transition Event Annex. The selection of a Benchmark Replacement by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the provisions of the Annex 9 – USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Annex, could result in adverse 
consequences to the relevant Rate of Interest or other variable or amount, which could adversely affect the 
return on, value of and market for the Notes. In addition, the characteristics of any Benchmark Replacement 
might not be similar to USD LIBOR and there is a risk that the Benchmark Replacement might not produce the 
economic equivalent of USD LIBOR. If the Calculation Agent determines that there is not a Benchmark 
Replacement that will account for the effect of the Benchmark Transition Event, the Issuer may redeem all of 
the Notes then outstanding in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and an investor may 
receive less than their initial investment in the Notes and interest will cease to accrue and no further interest will 
be payable since from the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Issue Date) 
immediately preceding the relevant Benchmark Transition Event Determination (as defined in General 
Condition 6(l)). 
Further, the Benchmark Replacements may include Term SOFR, which is a forward-looking term rate for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor (as defined in the "Annex 9 – USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event 
Annex") based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body (as 
defined in the "Annex 9 – USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Annex "). Term SOFR is being developed 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the "NY Federal Reserve") and there is a risk that the development 
of Term SOFR might not be completed which might result in substitution of USD LIBOR with the next-
available Benchmark Replacement for all purposes of all subsequent determinations. The NY Federal Reserve 
also noted that the use of SOFR is subject to important limitations and the NY Federal Reserve may alter the 
methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without 
notice. In the event SOFR is discontinued or fundamentally altered this may adversely affect the return on and 
value of the Notes. 
 
3.6 
Risk Factor relating to Sustainable Notes 
The application of the net proceeds of Sustainable Notes may not meet investor expectations or be suitable 
for an investor’s investment criteria 
Prospective investors in any Notes, where it is specified in “Reasons for the Offer” in paragraph 4 in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms that the net proceeds are to be separately identified and applied by the Guarantor for 
“green”, “social” or “sustainability” purposes or the maintenance of a Sustainable Portfolio as defined in “Use 
of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus ("Green Notes", "Social Notes" or "Sustainability Notes", or 
“ESG-Linked Notes“ respectively and together, "Sustainable Notes"), should have regard to the information 
provided concerning the use of the net proceeds of those Sustainable Notes and must determine for themselves 
the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Sustainable Notes together with any 
other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the Dealer that the use of such proceeds will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or 
its investments are required to comply. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project 
or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, “social” or 
“sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or 
consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, 
any such project or will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “social” or “sustainable” 
or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any such 
project. 
A basis for the determination of such “green” project definition has been established in the EU with the 
publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22nd June, 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the "Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy").

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
49 
 
 
The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the 
European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental 
objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. While the Guarantor’s Sustainable 
Development 
Goals 
(SDGs) 
Bond 
Framework 
(April 
2018) 
published 
on 
its 
website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com) (including as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise 
updated on such website from time to time, the SDGs Bond Framework)), and the Guarantor’s Sustainable 
Transaction 
Banking 
Framework 
(December 
2019) 
published 
on 
its 
website 
https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com are in alignment with the relevant objectives for the EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy, until the technical screening criteria for such objectives have been developed it is not 
known whether the SDGs Bond Framework and the Sustainable Transaction Banking Framework will satisfy 
those criteria. 
Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening criteria are 
established, is not certain and no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer 
as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, assessment, opinion or certification 
of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Guarantor) which may or may not be made available in 
connection with the issue of such Sustainable Notes and in particular with any projects or any other use to fulfil 
any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria. Any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Sustainable Notes.  
Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is only current as of the date it was issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification 
and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in such Sustainable Notes. Currently, the providers of such reports, 
assessments, opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. 
While it is the intention of the Guarantor, to apply the net proceeds of any Sustainable Notes and, obtain and 
publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in, the manner described 
in “Reasons for the Offer” in paragraph 4 in Part B of the applicable Final Terms there can be no assurance that 
the Guarantor will be able to do this. Nor can there be any assurance that any projects or uses will be completed 
within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment, 
social or sustainability) as originally expected or anticipated by the Guarantor. 
Any such event or failure by the Guarantor to apply the net proceeds of any of Sustainable Notes issued for its 
identified purposes or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, will not 
give rise to any claim of a holder of such Sustainable Notes against the Issuer or the Guarantor. The withdrawal 
of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification attesting that the Guarantor is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Sustainable Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors 
with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the CNMV, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended on 31 December 2020 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/BBVA-Global-Marlets-B.V.-
Audited-Financial-Statements-2020.pdf) 
and 
31 
December 
2019 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/BBVA-Global-
Markets_Audited-Financial-Statements-2019_Eng.pdf) prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS and with 
Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code; 
(b) 
the unaudited consolidated interim report corresponding to the three month period ended 31 March 
2021 published by the Guarantor on 30 April 2021 has been filed with the CNMV and made available 
on 
the 
Guarantor's 
website 
www.bbva.com 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/Interim-Financial-Statements-and-Management-Report-Q1-2021.pdf); 
(c) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as at, and for, 
the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (which includes for comparison purposes financial data for 
the years ended on 31 December 2019 and 2018), and the audit report issued in respect thereof, 
prepared in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (the "IFRS-IASB"), the EU-IFRS, considering the Bank of Spain 
Circular 4/2017, and with any other legislation governing financial reporting applicable to the Group in 
Spain and the audit report issued in respect thereof and the information on alternative performance 
measures 
on 
pages 
200 
to 
210 
(inclusive) 
of 
the 
Management 
Report 
2020 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/03-BBVA-GROUP-Annual-
Report-MR-Dec-2020.pdf) and have been filed with the CNMV; and 
(d) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as at, and for, 
the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (which includes for comparison purposes financial data for 
the years ended on 31 December 2018 and 2017), and the audit report issued in respect thereof, 
prepared in compliance with the IFRS-IASB, the EU-IFRS, considering the Bank of Spain Circular 
4/2017, and with any other legislation governing financial reporting applicable to the Group in Spain 
and the audit report issued in respect thereof and the information on alternative performance measures 
on 
pages 
143 
to 
151 
(inclusive) 
of 
the 
Management 
Report 
2019 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/01/5.Anual_Report_BBVA_GROUP_2019.pdf) and have been filed with the 
CNMV. 
Additionally, the terms and conditions contained in the following Base Prospectus, which has previously been 
published and has been filed with the CNMV shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus 
just in case of potential extensions of Notes originaly issued under the following Base Prospectuses:  
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (contained at pages 50 to 95), the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Payouts (contained at pages 96 to 130), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Index 
Linked Notes (contained at pages 131 to 143), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked 
Notes (contained at pages 144 to 160), the Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Notes  
(contained at pages 161 to 177), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes 
(contained at 178 to 188),the Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes (contained at 
pages 189 to 194), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
(contained at 195 to 206), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes (contained at 
pages 207 to 279) and USD Libor Benchmark Transition Event Annex (contained on pages 280 to 
283), in each case, of the Issuer's Base Prospectus dated 16 July 2020 which is available on the 
Guarantor´s 
website 
(https://accionistaseinversores.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/07/BBVAProgrammeBaseProspectusCNMV2020.pdf); and 
(ii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (contained at pages 101 to 143), the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Payouts (contained at pages 144 to 177), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Index 
Linked Notes (contained at pages 178 to 190), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked 
Notes (contained at pages 191 to 206), the Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Notes 
(contained at pages 207 to 223), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Notes 
(contained at 224 to 234), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Notes (contained 
at 235 to 240), Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes 
(contained at pages 241 to 252) and Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Notes

--- Page 51 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
 
 
51 
 
 
(contained at pages 253 to 316), in each case, of the Issuer's Base Prospectus dated 2 July 2019 which 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Guarantor´s 
website 
(https://accionistaseinversores.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/07/BBVA-SMTN-CNMV-Programme-2019.pdf). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor and approved by the CNMV in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the 
extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the Issuer and the 
Guarantor at Calle Azul, 4, 28050, Madrid or on the Guarantor's website (www.bbva.com). 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to 
herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes. 
The Guarantor files periodic reports (including Annual Reports on Form 20-F) and other information with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), which are available on the SEC's website 
(http://www.sec.gov), and investors are referred to such reports and other information for current information 
with respect to the Guarantor. The Issuer is not subject to the information reporting requirements of the 
Exchange Act, and the Issuer does not expect that it will be filing reports with the SEC.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Notes (the "General Conditions", and each, a "General 
Condition") which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note and into each Book-Entry Note (as 
defined below) and endorsed upon each definitive Note. The Final Terms (as defined below) (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. 
The additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 1 in respect of payouts (the "Payout Conditions"), 
Annex 2 in the case of Index Linked Notes (the "Index Linked Conditions"), Annex 3 in the case of Equity 
Linked Notes (the "Equity Linked Conditions"), Annex 4 in the case of ETF Linked Notes (the "ETF Linked 
Conditions"), Annex 5 in the case of Fund Linked Notes (the "Fund Linked Conditions"), Annex 6 in the case of 
Inflation Linked Notes (the "Inflation Linked Conditions"), Annex 7 in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Notes (the "Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Conditions"), Annex 8 in the case of Credit Linked Notes 
(the "Credit Linked Conditions") will apply to the Notes if so specified in the Final Terms and the additional 
terms and conditions contained in Annex 9 in respect of USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event (the "USD 
LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event") (each as defined below, an "Annex", and together, the "Annexes") will 
apply where the relevant Benchmark for the determination of the Rate of Interest in respect of any Floating Rate 
Notes is a USD Benchmark Rate and where any Notes otherwise reference a USD Benchmark Rate.. 
Reference should be made to the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) for a description of the content of 
final terms which will include the definitions of certain terms used in these General Conditions or specify which 
of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes.  
Each Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V. (the "Issuer") 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of a Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of the lowest Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Notes Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Definitive Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note 
in bearer form and in registered form ("Registered Notes") (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form); and 
(iv) 
in respect of Notes in book-entry form ("Book-Entry Notes"), units of the lowest Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency 
Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
"Agency Agreement") dated 15 July 2021 and made between the Issuer, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A. as guarantor (in such capacity, the "Guarantor") and, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
calculation agent and delivery agent (the "Calculation Agent" and the "Delivery Agent", which expressions 
shall include any successor calculation agent or successor delivery agent and any other calculation agent or 
delivery agent specified in the Final Terms), Banco Bilbao Vicaya Argentaria, S.A, as issuing and principal 
paying agent and agent bank (the "Principal Paying Agent" and, together with any other paying agent specified 
in the Final Terms, the "Paying Agents", which expressions shall include any successor principal paying agent 
or any successor or additional paying agent), The Final Terms may specify the exchange agent, transfer agent 
and registrar (the "Exchange Agent", the "Transfer Agent" and the "New York Registrar", which expressions 
shall include any successor exchange agent and any additional or successor transfer agent or registrar) and the 
transfer agent and registrar, the "Transfer Agent" and the "Luxembourg Registrar", which expressions shall 
include any successor transfer agent or registrar. The New York Registrar and the Luxembourg Registrar 
together, the "Registrars" and each a "Registrar", as applicable. The Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying 
Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Delivery Agent, the Exchange Agent, the Transfer Agents and the Registrar 
are referred to together as the "Agents". 
The final terms for each Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms  
attached to or endorsed on the relevant Note which supplement, and will be read in conjunction with, these 
General Conditions 
 
References to the "Final Terms" are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to 
or endorsed on this Note.  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded).

--- Page 53 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
53 
 
 
The payment of all amounts in respect of each Note have been guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a 
guarantee (the "Guarantee") dated 15 July 2021 and executed by the Guarantor. The original of the Guarantee 
will be held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders at its specified office. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall, subject as provided in General 
Condition 1(a), mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) 
the persons in whose name the Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global 
Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the 
Receipts and any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless 
the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons (each as defined below). 
As regards Book-Entry Notes, any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to Book-Entry Notes shall 
mean the persons registered in the central registry (the "Central Registry") maintained by Sociedad de Gestión 
de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A., Unipersonal ("Iberclear") or in the 
registry maintained by the relevant member (entidad participante) of Iberclear ("Iberclear Member"). Any 
reference herein to Receipts, Coupons and Talons and to their respective holders shall not be applicable. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes 
which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions 
or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant 
(the "Deed of Covenant") dated 15 July 2021 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant 
will be held by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Copies of the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar. Copies of 
the Final Terms may be obtained from the Principal Paying Agent at its specified office during normal business 
hours. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and 
the Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the General Conditions include summaries of, 
and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in the General Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the Final Terms, the Final 
Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes are in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or registered form ("Registered Notes") or book-entry 
form ("Book-Entry Notes") in the currency (the "Specified Notes Currency") and the 
denomination(s) (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the Final Terms and definitive Notes 
will be serially numbered. Book-Entry Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes or Registered 
Notes and vice versa. 
If a Note is a definitive Bearer Note (a "Definitive Bearer Note"), it is issued with coupons for the 
payment of interest ("Coupons") attached and, if applicable, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") 
attached unless it is a Zero Coupon Note (as defined below) in which case references to interest (other 
than in the case of late payment) and Coupons in these General Conditions are not applicable. If it is a 
Definitive Bearer Note that is an Instalment Note (as defined below) it is issued with receipts 
("Receipts") for the payment of instalments of principal prior to stated maturity attached. Any 
reference in these General Conditions to Coupon(s) or Couponholder(s) shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talon(s) or Talonholder(s). 
(b) 
Type of Notes 
A Note is, to the extent specified in the Final Terms, (i) a Note bearing interest on a fixed-rate basis (a 
"Fixed Rate Note"), (ii) a Note bearing interest on a floating-rate basis (a "Floating Rate Note"), (iii) 
a Note bearing interest on the basis of specified interest amounts (a "Specified Interest Amount

--- Page 54 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
54 
 
 
Note"), (iv) a Note issued on a non-interest bearing basis and offered and sold at a discount (other than 
a de minimis discount) to its nominal amount or at par and to which the Zero Coupon Notes provisions 
are expressed to be applicable (a "Zero Coupon Note"), and/or (iv) a Reference Item Linked Note (as 
defined below). 
A Note may, to the extent specified in the Final Terms, also be (i) a Note which is redeemable in 
instalments (an "Instalment Note"), (ii) a Note upon which its denomination and payment of principal 
and/or interest may be in more than one currency (a "Dual Currency Note"), (iii) a Note issued on a 
partly paid basis (a "Partly Paid Note") with the issue price payable in such number of instalments 
(each such instalment, a "Part Payment Amount") in such amounts, on such dates and in such manner 
as may be specified in the Final Terms or a (iv) a Reference Item Linked Note. 
"Reference Item Linked Note" means a Note whose return (whether in respect of any interest payable 
(such note a "Reference Item Linked Interest Note" as defined in Annex 1 – Payout Conditions) on 
such Note and/or its redemption amount) is linked to one or more Reference Items, including indices 
(an "Index Linked Note") or shares or depositary receipts (an "Equity Linked Note") or inflation 
indices (an "Inflation Linked Note") or reference item rate(s) (a "Reference Item Rate Linked 
Note"), or exchange traded fund shares (an "ETF Linked Note") or fund shares or units (a "Fund 
Linked Note") or the credit of a specified entity or entities (a "Credit Linked Note") or foreign 
exchange rates (a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note") or any combination thereof (a 
"Combination Note") as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Item" means one or more underlying reference assets, entities or bases, as may be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
A Note may, as provided in the Final Terms, provide that settlement will be by way of cash settlement 
("Cash Settled Notes"); by way of physical delivery ("Physically Settled Notes"); or where Condition 
5(b)(ii) (Variation of Settlement) is specified in the Final Terms to apply, the method of settlement may 
be changed from Cash Settlement to Physical Delivery (or vice versa) at the option of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Title 
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes, Coupons and Receipts will pass by delivery, and title to 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers, in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. The holder of each Coupon or Receipt, whether or not such Coupon or Receipt is 
attached to a Bearer Note, in his capacity as such, shall be subject to and bound by all the provisions 
contained in the relevant Note. The Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent, to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, may deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Receipt as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not such Bearer Note, Coupon or Receipt shall be overdue and 
notwithstanding any notation of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Bearer Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions 
set out below. 
The Issuer has appointed the entity specified in the Final Terms at its office specified below to act as 
registrar of the Registered Notes (the "Registrar"). The Issuer shall cause to be kept a register at the 
specified office of the New York Registrar for the time being at 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 
10005, United States or at the specified office of the Luxembourg Registrar for the time being at 2 
Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, Luxembourg, L-1115 Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, a register (the 
"Register") on which shall be entered, inter alia, the name and address of the holder of the Registered 
Notes and particulars of all transfers of title to the Registered Notes. 
(d) 
Notes in Global Form 
For as long as any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note held by or on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") 
and/or The Depositary Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee, each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or of DTC as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other 
than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes and, in 
the case of DTC or its nominee, voting, giving consents and making requests, for which purpose the

--- Page 55 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
55 
 
 
bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global 
Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be. 
Except in relation to Notes indicated in the Final Terms as being in New Global Note form, references 
to DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the Final Terms. If 
Registered Notes are represented by a Registered Global Note, such Registered Global Note will be 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common safekeeper (if the Registered Global Note is issued 
under the new safekeeping structure ("NSS")) or a common depositary (if the Registered Global Note 
is not issued under the NSS) on behalf of, in either case, Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg or in 
the name of a nominee for an alternative clearing system or in the name of such other person as the 
Final Terms shall provide. 
(e) 
Book-Entry Notes1
*Book-Entry Notes may be transferred and title to the Book-Entry Notes may pass, in accordance with 
Spanish law and with all rules, restrictions and requirements of Iberclear (or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Iberclear Member), upon registration in the Central Registry or, as the case may be, the 
registry maintained by the relevant Iberclear Member. Each holder of Book-Entry Notes will be (except 
as otherwise required by Spanish law) treated as the absolute owner of the relevant Book-Entry Note 
for all purposes and no person will be liable for so treating the holder of Book-Entry Notes. 
The creation of limited in rem rights or any other encumbrance on the Book-Entry Note must be 
entered in the corresponding account and effected in accordance with the then current procedures of 
Iberclear (or relevant Iberclear Member). 
One or more certificates evidencing the relevant Noteholder's holding of Book-Entry Notes in the 
relevant registry will be delivered by the relevant Iberclear Member or, where the Noteholder is itself a 
Iberclear Member, by Iberclear (in each case, in accordance with the requirements of Spanish law and 
the procedures of the relevant Iberclear Member or, as the case may be, Iberclear) to such Noteholder 
upon such Noteholder's request. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees 
of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note only in the Specified Denominations set out in the 
Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and 
conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Registered Global Note registered in the 
name of DTC or a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Registered Global Note, in 
whole but not in part, to a nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor's nominee. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or 
in part (in the Specified Denominations set out in the Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer 
(i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer 
 
1  
In no event Notes to be offered or sold in the United States will be Book Entry Notes

--- Page 56 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
56 
 
 
Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their 
attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications 
as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due 
and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the 
request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar 
may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being scheduled to the Agency 
Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days 
(being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified 
office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be 
required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or 
procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the 
transferee) send by uninsured mail to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered 
Note in definitive form of a like Aggregate Nominal Amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant 
part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in 
definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered 
Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the 
transferor. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under General Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required 
to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or 
other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Notes 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period (as defined below), transfers by the 
holder of, or of a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee in the United States 
or who is a U.S. person will only be made: 
(A) 
upon receipt by the Registrar of a written certification substantially in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a "Transfer Certificate"), copies of which are 
available from the specified office of any Transfer Agent, from the transferor of the Note or 
beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person whom the 
transferor reasonably believes is a QIB who is also a QP (as defined below) in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, and upon receipt by the Registrar of a representation 
letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (an 
"Investment Letter"), from the transferee of the Note or beneficial interest therein to the effect 
that such transfer is being made to a person who certifies as to its status as a QIB who is also a 
QP; or 
(B) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act (as defined below) or an exemption therefrom, subject 
to receipt by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, 
which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any 
applicable securities laws of any State of the United States, and, in each case, in accordance 
with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of (A) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Note (as defined 
below) in global or definitive form and, in the case of (B) above, such transferee may take delivery 
only through a Legended Note in definitive form. After expiry of the applicable Distribution 
Compliance Period (i) beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Notes registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC may be held through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC, or indirectly through a 
participant in DTC and (ii) such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
(f) 
Transfers of interests in Legended Notes 
Transfers of Legended Notes or beneficial interests therein may be made:

--- Page 57 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
57 
 
 
(A) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Note, upon 
receipt by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the 
effect that such transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and that, in the case of 
a Regulation S Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for DTC if such transfer is 
being made prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in 
the Notes being transferred will be held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(B) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Legended Note: 
A. 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB 
and a QP in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, or where the 
transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor (as defined below) who is also a QP, 
subject to delivery to the Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the 
effect that such transfer is being made to a QIB who is also a QP or to an Institutional 
Accredited Investor who is also a QP (as applicable), together with a duly executed 
investment letter from the relevant transferee in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement (an "Investment Letter"); or 
B. 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor (as defined below) who is 
also a QP, subject to delivery to the Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the 
transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made to an Institutional Accredited 
Investor who is also a QP, together with a duly executed Investment Letter; or 
(C) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the 
Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include 
an opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities 
laws of any State of the United States, and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable 
securities laws of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
Notes transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors who are also QPs to QIBs who are also QPs 
pursuant to Rule 144A or outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held 
by such QIBs who are also QPs or non-U.S. investors through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as appropriate, and the Registrar will arrange for any Notes which are the subject of such 
a transfer to be represented by the appropriate Registered Global Note, where applicable. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Notes, or upon specific request for removal of 
the Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Notes or refuse to remove the Legend, as the 
case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be 
required by the Issuer, which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the Legend nor the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the 
Securities Act. 
In the case of an Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP, or a QIB who is also a QP, if at any 
time the Issuer determines or is notified by the dealer in respect of the Notes specified in the Final 
Terms (the "Dealer") acting on behalf of the Issuer that such holder or transferee was in breach, at the 
time given or deemed to be given, of any of the representations or agreements set out in the Investment 
Letter or otherwise determines that any transfer or other disposition of any Notes would, in the sole 
determination of the Issuer or the Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer, require the Issuer to register as 
an "investment company" under the provisions of the 1940 Act, such purchase or other transfer will be 
void ab initio and will not be honoured by the Registrar. Accordingly, any such purported transferee or 
other holder will not be entitled to any rights as a Noteholder and the Issuer shall have the right, in 
accordance with the conditions of the Notes, to force the transfer of, transfer on behalf of the 
Noteholder or redeem, any such Notes. 
(g) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally 
Holders of Registered Notes in definitive form, other than Institutional Accredited Investors who are 
also QPs, may exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered Global Note of the same type at any 
time. 
(h) 
Definitions 
In this General Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:

--- Page 58 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
58 
 
 
"Bearer Global Note" means a global note (temporary or permanent) in bearer form; 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of each Tranche of Notes, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated 
issue) or the relevant Lead Manager (in the case of a syndicated issue); 
"Eligible Investors" are defined as persons who are QIBs who are also QPs acting for their own account or for 
the account of other QIBs who are also QPs, or persons who are Institutional Accredited Investors who are also 
QPs, but excluding therefrom: (i) QIBs that are broker dealers that own and invest on a discretionary basis less 
than US$25 million in "securities" of unaffiliated issuers (ii) a partnership, common trust fund, special trust, 
pension fund, retirement plan or other entity in which the partners, beneficiaries or participants, as the case may 
be, may designate the particular investments to be made or the allocation thereof, (iii) an entity that was formed, 
reformed or recapitalised for the specific purpose of investing in the Notes, (unless each beneficial owner of 
such entity is a QP), (iv) any investment company excepted from the 1940 Act solely pursuant to Section 3(c)(1) 
or Section 3(c)(7) thereof and formed prior to 30 April 1996, that has not received the consent of its beneficial 
owners with respect to the treatment of such entity as a qualified purchaser in the manner required by Section 
2(a)(51)(C) of the 1940 Act and rules thereunder, and (v) any entity that will have invested more than 40 per 
cent. of its assets in securities of the Issuer subsequent to any purchase of the Notes. 
"Institutional Accredited Investor" means "accredited investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) 
under the Securities Act) that are institutions; 
"Legended Note" means Registered Notes in definitive form that are issued to Institutional Accredited Investors 
who are also QPs and Registered Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by a Registered Global Note) 
sold in private transactions to QIBs who are also QPs in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A which 
bear a legend specifying certain restrictions on transfer (a "Legend"); 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
"QP" means a "qualified purchaser" within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act") and the rules and regulations thereunder; 
"Registered Global Note" means a global note in registered form; 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Regulation S Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside the United States 
in reliance on Regulation S; 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
"Rule 144A Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold in the United States or to 
QIBs who are also QPs; and 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
Status of the Notes and the Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any related Coupons and Receipts constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu, without any preference or priority among 
themselves and with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by applicable laws 
relating to creditor's right. 
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the court having jurisdiction to open an insolvency proceeding 
and the law applicable to those proceedings and their effects will be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Regulation (EU) No 2015/848, of 20 May 2015, on insolvency proceedings ("Regulation 
2015/848"), Royal Legislative Decree 1/2020, of 5 May, approving the reinstated text of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law 22/2003 of 9 July 2003, as amended (the "Spanish Insolvency Law") and the Dutch 
Insolvency Law (faillissementswet) of 30 September 1893, as amended (the "Dutch Insolvency Law"). 
Pursuant to these provisions, the courts of the place where the Issuer has its centre of main interests 
shall have jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against it and the law applicable to the 
insolvency proceedings and their effects will be the law of the place where such proceedings are 
opened.

--- Page 59 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
59 
 
 
Under Regulation 2015/848 the centre of main interests should correspond to the place where the 
debtor conducts the administration of its interests on a regular basis and is therefore ascertainable by 
third parties. In the case of a company or legal person, Regulation 2015/848 presumes, in the absence 
of proof to the contrary, that the place of its registered office is the centre of main interests. Based on 
this presumption a Dutch court may consider that it has jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer. Notwithstanding this presumption, it is arguable that the centre of main interests of 
the Issuer should be considered to be located in Spain and that the Spanish courts should be the courts 
with jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against it. In addition, even if the centre of main 
interests of the Issuer were not in Spain, the Spanish court could still open insolvency proceedings 
(named territorial insolvency proceedings) if they consider that the Issuer has an establishment within 
the territory of Spain, the effects of which would be limited to the assets of the Issuer situated in Spain. 
In the event of insolvency (faillissement) of the Issuer declared by a Dutch court (either principal or 
territorial proceedings), claims relating to Notes will be pari passu claims (concurrente vorderingen) as 
defined in the Dutch Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate 
(boedelschuld) and credits with a privilege (voorrecht). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated 
credits and the rights of shareholders. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer declared by a Spanish court (either principal or 
territorial insolvency proceedings) claims relating to Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to 
article 309 of the Spanish Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in 
the Spanish Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos 
contra la masa) and privileged credits (créditos privilegiados) which shall be paid in full before 
ordinary credits. The claims of all creditors against the Issuer considered as "ordinary credits": will be 
satisfied pro rata in insolvency. Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of 
shareholders. 
Pursuant to article 59 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, the further accrual of interest shall be suspended 
from the date of declaration of the insolvency of any Issuer. Claims in respect of interest on the Notes 
accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer shall 
constitute subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of article 
309 of the Spanish Insolvency Law (including, without limitation, after claims on account of principal 
in respect of contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer).  
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee 
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and any related Coupons and Receipts and 
all amounts due under the Deed of Covenant in respect of the Notes and any related Coupons and 
Receipts has been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Guarantee. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, 
only to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors' rights. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor, under the Spanish Insolvency Law, claims of 
Noteholders (which are not subordinated pursuant to article 309 of the Insolvency law) will be ordinary 
credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below 
credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and privileged credits (créditos 
privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.1 
of Law 11/2015) which shall be paid in full before ordinary credits. The claims of all creditors against 
the Guarantor considered as "ordinary credits" will be satisfied pro rata in insolvency. Ordinary credits 
rank above subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
Pursuant to article 59 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, the further accrual of interest shall be suspended 
from the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Guarantor. Claims of Noteholders in respect of 
interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the 
Guarantor shall constitute subordinated claims against the Guarantor ranking in accordance with the 
provisions of article 309 of the Spanish Insolvency Law (including, without limitation, after claims on 
account of principal in respect of contractually subordinated obligations of the Guarantor).  
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee and the obligations of BBVA under the 
Hedging Agreements entered into between BBVA and the Issuer in respect of any Notes are also

--- Page 60 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
60 
 
 
subject to the application of the general bail-in tool by the Fondo de Reestructuración Ordenada 
Bancaria (the “FROB”) or any other Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority pursuant to Law 
11/2015.  
By its acquisition of any Notes, each holder acknowledges and accepts that he may be adversely 
affected by the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority 
and the effects thereof, as described in the Risk Factors, which may be imposed with or without any 
prior notice with respect to the Guarantee and/or the Hedging Agreements, in relation to Notes of 
any series. 
"Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority" means any of the Spanish Fund for the Orderly 
Restructuring of Banks (Fondo de Restructuración Ordenada Bancaria), the European Single 
Resolution Mechanism, the Bank of Spain and the Spanish Securities Market Commission (“CNMV”) 
or any other entity with the authority to exercise the Spanish Bail-in Power from time to time, 
according to Law 11/2015, of 18 June, as amended from time to time, including amongst others, as 
amended by Royal Decree-Law 7/2021 (“Law 11/2015”), RD 1012/2015 and the SRM Regulation. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will accrue in respect of each period from 
(and including) an Interest Period End Date (or if none the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date (each an "Interest Period" and each such latter 
date the "Interest Period End Final Date")). Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) up to (and including) the Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date falls after the Interest 
Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest or other amount 
shall be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such latter date. If a Business Day 
Convention (as defined in General Condition 4(j) below is specified in the Final Terms as applying to 
an Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (i) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment 
Date, as the case may be, should occur or (ii) if any Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, 
as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in General 
Condition 4(j)), then, the relevant Business Day Convention shall apply. For the purposes of this 
General Condition 4(a), "Interest Period End Date" shall mean each date so specified in the Final 
Terms. If no such date(s) is so specified, then the Interest Period End Date for an Interest Period shall 
be the corresponding Interest Payment Date (unadjusted for any Business Day Convention). 
If no Business Day Convention is specified as applicable to an Interest Period End Final Date in the 
Final Terms, except as provided in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Final Date in respect of such Interest Period, 
will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount; and 
(ii) 
the amount of interest payable on any other Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Subject to the Payout Conditions, Interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(x) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note or which are Book-
Entry Notes, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented 
by such Global Note or Book-Entry Notes (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate 
amount paid up (subject to General Condition 4(f))); or 
(y) 
in the case of each Fixed Rate Note in definitive form, the Calculation Amount (subject to 
General Condition 4(f)), 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by (i) the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined in General 
Condition 4(j) below) specified in the Final Terms and (ii) where an Interest Leverage Multiplier is 
specified as "Applicable" in the Final Terms, the Interest Leverage Multiplier specified in the Final 
Terms, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Notes 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit (as defined below) being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.

--- Page 61 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
61 
 
 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form comprises more than one 
Calculation Amount, the amount of Interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
(subject to General Condition 4(f)) comprising the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one 
cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Reference Item Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and, subject to the provisions of General Condition 4(e) below and 
unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, each Reference Item Linked Interest Note bears 
interest on its outstanding nominal amount (or, if it is a Partly Paid Note, in accordance with 
General Condition 4(f)) in respect of each Interest Period (as defined in General Condition 
4(a)). For the purposes of this General Condition 4(b), "Interest Period End Date" shall 
mean either: 
(A) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) specified in the Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the Final Terms, (x) in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes, each date which falls on the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Period End Date or, in the case of the first Interest Period End Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date and (y) in the case of Reference Item Linked Interest Notes, the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date (unadjusted for any Business Day Convention). 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date falls after an Interest Period End Final Date in 
respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest or other amount shall be payable 
as a result of such interest being payable on such later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the Final Terms as applying to an Interest Period 
End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (i) if there is no numerically corresponding day on 
the calendar month in which an Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, should occur or (ii) if any Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the 
case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in General 
Condition 4(j) below), then the relevant Business Day Convention (as defined in General 
Condition 4(j) below) shall apply. Provided that, in any case, where Specified Periods are 
specified in accordance with General Condition 4(b)(i)(A) and (B) above, the Floating Rate 
Convention shall apply. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes and 
Reference Item Linked Interest Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the Final 
Terms. 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this subparagraph (iii), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent under an interest 
rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and 
under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms;

--- Page 62 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
62 
 
 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (x) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on 
the London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") or on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered 
rate ("EURIBOR") for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (y) in any 
other case, as specified in the Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (iii), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating 
Rate" "Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those 
terms in the ISDA Definitions. If the Floating Rate Option specified is USD-SOFR-
COMPOUND or GBP-SONIA-COMPOUND, the "Calculation Period" as referred to in the 
definitions thereof in the ISDA Definitions shall be equal to the relevant Interest Period. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or any successor to such page or service) as at the Specified 
Time indicated in the Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., London time, in the case 
of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination 
Date (as defined below) in question plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded, as provided above) of such offered 
quotations; or 
(C) 
in the case of a CMS Rate, the rate for swap transactions in the currency to which the 
CMS Rate relates with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or any successor to such 
page or service) as of the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any) all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent or, in the event that the Principal Paying Agent determines 
it is not reasonably practicable to determine the Rate of Interest in such manner, the 
Rate of Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent as such rate that it 
determines would have prevailed but for such impracticality by reference to such 
source(s) as it may select; or 
(D) 
in the case of a rate that is based on the yield of a government bond (a "Government 
Bond Yield Rate"), the rate for a generic government bond, expressed as a percentage 
per annum, with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or any successor to such page or service) as of the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any) (all as specified in the Final Terms), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; or  
(E) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is not reasonably practicable to obtain the 
rate in such manner, the rate will be determined as such rate that the Calculation 
Agent determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to 
such source(s) as it may select.  
In case the rate specified in the Final Terms is a TEC Rate (Taux de l'Echéance Constante), the 
offered quotation, expressed as a percentage rate per annum, with a maturity of the Designated 
Maturity calculated by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire (or successor thereto), which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or any successor to such page or service) as of the

--- Page 63 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
63 
 
 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any) (all as specified in the Final Terms), as determined by the 
Calculation  Agent. 
If the Calculation Agent determines it is not reasonably practicable to determine the rate in 
such manner, the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the linear 
interpolation of the mid-market prices for each of the two reference French treasury bonds 
(Obligation Assimilable du Trésor), which would have been used by the Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire (or successor thereto) for the calculation of the relevant rate.  
In order to determine such mid-market prices, the Calculation Agent shall request five active 
dealers each to provide a quotation of its price at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question and shall determine the mid-market prices as the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations after discarding the highest and lowest of such quotations. 
In the case of (A) and (B), the Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the 
Rate of Interest in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of 
(A) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time indicated above or in the 
Final Terms. The Final Terms may, if agreed by the relevant Dealer, set out such provisions in 
full. 
 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Principal Paying Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined (the "Interest Determination Date"), determine the Rate 
of Interest (subject to any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the 
Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Period. 
Subject to the Payout Conditions, the Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes and Reference Item Linked Interest Notes which 
are represented by a Global Note or which are Book-Entry Notes, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note or Book-
Entry Notes (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(B) 
in the case of each Floating Rate Note, Reference Item Linked Interest Note and 
Combination Interest Note in definitive form, the Calculation Amount (subject to 
General Condition 4(f)), 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by (i) the Day Count Fraction (as defined in General 
Condition 4(j) below) specified in the Final Terms and (ii) where an Interest Leverage 
Multiplier is specified as "Applicable" in the Final Terms, the Interest Leverage Multiplier 
specified in the Final Terms, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined 
above) of the relevant Specified Notes Currency, one half of such a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note and Reference Item Linked 
Interest Note in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in 
the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount (subject to General Condition 4(f)) 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(vi) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of subparagraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above or (d) below (as appropriate) is less 
than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Interest Rate. If the Final Terms do not specify a Minimum Interest Rate for any 
Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall not be less than zero.

--- Page 64 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
64 
 
 
If the Final Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then in the event 
that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of subparagraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above or (d) below (as appropriate) is greater 
than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Maximum Interest Rate. 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying 
Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate.  
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(viii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable), and, if applicable, to the stock exchange on which the relevant 
Notes are for the time being listed. In addition, the Principal Paying Agent shall publish or 
cause to be published such Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date in 
accordance with General Condition 13 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on 
which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13. 
(ix) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, determinations, calculations and decisions made for the 
purposes of the provisions of this paragraph (b), by the Principal Paying Agent, shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable), the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, and 
(in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Noteholders shall attach to the Principal Paying 
Agent, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Specified Interest Amount Notes 
Each Specified Interest Amount Note shall bear interest at an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 
the Specified Interest Amount as so specified in the Specified Interest Amount provisions of the Final 
Terms which shall be payable on the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date(s) also specified 
thereon, adjusted, where applicable for any Business Day Convention. For the avoidance of doubt, 
different Specified Interest Amounts may be payable in respect of Specified Interest Payment Dates. In 
respect of Credit Linked Notes only, the Specified Interest shall be multiplied by the Specified Interest 
Amount Multiplier as so specified in the Specified Interest Amount provisions of the Final Terms. If 
the Specified Interest Amount Multiplier is specified in the Final Terms as "Not applicable" the 
Specified Interest Amount Multiplier shall be deemed to be equal to 1. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes

--- Page 65 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
65 
 
 
Where a Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when 
due, the amount due and repayable shall be the amount determined in accordance with General 
Condition 6(f)(i) as its Early Redemption Amount. As from the Maturity Date, any overdue principal of 
such Note shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Accrual Yield specified in the Final 
Terms. Such interest shall continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) until the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the holder of 
such Note. Such interest will be calculated on the basis of a 360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 
days each and in the case of an incomplete month the actual number of days elapsed in such incomplete 
month or on such other basis as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
(e) 
Interest on Reference Item Linked Interest Notes 
In the case of Reference Item Linked Interest Notes, where the Rate of Interest and/or the Interest 
Amount (whether on any Interest Payment Date, early redemption, maturity or otherwise) is to be 
determined by reference to one or more Reference Items, the Rate of Interest and/or the Interest 
Amount shall be determined where applicable as provided in the Payout Annex. 
(f) 
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes) interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes. 
(g) 
Interest Payments and Accrual of Interest 
Interest will be paid subject to and in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 4. Interest 
will cease to accrue on each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part 
only of such Note) on the due date for redemption thereof unless otherwise provided in these General 
Conditions or any Annex and otherwise unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal or 
the payment, and/or delivery of the Entitlement as set out in the Final Terms (if applicable), is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before 
any judgment) at the Fixed Rate or, as the case may be, the Rate of Interest at such day count fraction 
as the Principal Paying Agent determines appropriate or as otherwise provided in the Final Terms until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due and/or assets comprised in the Entitlement 
in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the holder of such Note and (ii) 
the day on which the Principal Paying Agent or any agent appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets 
to Noteholders has notified the holder thereof (either in accordance with General Condition 13 or 
individually) of receipt of all sums due and/or assets comprised in the Entitlement in respect thereof up 
to that date (subject, in the case of Credit Linked Notes to which Credit Linked Interest is applicable, to 
the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 5). 
(h) 
Calculation Agent 
(i) 
If a Calculation Agent is specified in the Final Terms, any determination specified in General 
Conditions 4(b) to (g) (inclusive) as being determinations to be made by the Principal Paying 
Agent will instead be made by the Calculation Agent as if references to the Principal Paying 
Agent in such General Conditions (and related provisions of the Agency Agreement) were to 
the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will notify any amount of interest to the 
Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable following its determination. 
(ii) 
A Calculation Agent must be appointed for the determination of the Rate of Interest where 
such determination is other than a single determination of the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period that is made in accordance with this General Condition 4 and the related provisions of 
the Agency Agreement and without the imposition of any additional duties on the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
(i) 
Benchmark 
Subject to the next sentence, where an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as defined in General 
Condition 6(l)) occurs in respect of a Benchmark which is used in whole or in part to calculate interest 
under General Condition 4, the Calculation Agent shall elect to take one of the actions described in 
General Condition 6(l). If the relevant Benchmark (as defined in General Condition 6(l)) for the 
determination of the Rate of Interest in respect of any Floating Rate Notes is a USD Benchmark Rate 
(of any tenor) and the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined in 
General Condition 6(l)) and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (as defined in General Condition

--- Page 66 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
66 
 
 
6(l)) have occurred prior to the Reference Time (as defined in General Condition 6(l)) in respect 
thereof on any date of determination of the Rate of Interest, then the provisions of Annex 9 - USD 
LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Annex shall apply in respect of the Notes in relation to such USD 
LIBOR rate. 
 
(j) 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meaning set out below: 
"Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
any Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET System) specified in the Final Terms;  
(B) 
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the "TARGET System") is open; and 
(C) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant currency (and which, if the currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day (a "Target Settlement Day") on which the 
TARGET System is open. 
"Business Day Convention": If any date referred to in these General Conditions which is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a business day convention would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then, if the business day convention specified in the Final Terms is: 
(A) 
the "Floating Rate Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date 
occurred; 
(B) 
the "Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; 
(C) 
the "Modified Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
or 
(D) 
the "Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period: 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Period End Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; or

--- Page 67 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
67 
 
 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(C) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (a) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (b) the number of Determination Dates (as specified 
in the Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(D) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (a) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(b) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
"Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms; 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the Interest Period End Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (1) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (2) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31 in which case D1, will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day expressed as a number immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1, is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 –  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360

--- Page 68 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
68 
 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"'Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Ml" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31 in which case Dl, will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(G) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Dl" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31 in which case D2 will be 30. 
(A) 
if "1/1" or "1" is specified, one. 
(B) 
if "Not applicable" is specified then the Day Count Fraction will not be taken into 
account in any calculation of interest. 
5. 
Payments, Physical Delivery and Exchange of Talons 
For the purposes of this General Condition 5, references to payment or repayment (as the case may be) 
of principal and/or interest and other similar expressions shall, where the context so admits, be deemed 
also to refer to delivery of any Entitlement(s). 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
(i) 
Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 –  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 –  Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1)
360

--- Page 69 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
69 
 
 
payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder 
(or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where 
in a global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of 
business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant 
due date (the "Record Date"). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not 
have a Designated Account or (ii) the nominal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less 
than US$250,000 (or integral multiples of US$1,000 in excess thereof) (or its approximate 
equivalent in any other currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the relevant 
currency of payment drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, 
"Designated Account" means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to 
a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a 
Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the 
case of payment in a currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency (which, if such currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) 
any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) 
in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by a cheque in 
the currency of payment drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the 
business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately 
preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in a global form, at the close of the 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant Clearing System are open for business) before the relevant due date, 
and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not 
such fifteenth day is a business day) before the Record Date at his address shown in the 
Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified 
office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in respect of a 
Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the manner provided 
in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be deemed to relate to all 
future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) and instalments of 
principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of the Registered Notes which become 
payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is 
notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of 
each Registered Note on redemption and the final instalment of principal will be made in the 
same manner as payment of the nominal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay 
in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted 
in accordance with this General Condition 5 arriving after the due date for payment or being 
lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar 
in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Note 
in respect of Notes denominated in a currency other than US dollars shall be paid by transfer 
by the Registrar to an account in the relevant currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of 
DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in US dollars in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
(ii) 
Bearer Notes

--- Page 70 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
70 
 
 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Definitive Bearer Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made against presentation or surrender of such Bearer Notes or 
Coupons, as the case may be, at any specified office of any Paying Agent. Payments of 
principal in respect of instalments (if any), other than the last instalment, will (subject as 
provided below) be made against surrender of the relevant Receipt. Payment of the last 
instalment will be made against surrender of the relevant Bearer Note. Each Receipt must be 
presented for payment of such instalment together with the relevant Definitive Bearer Note 
against which the amount will be payable in respect of that instalment. If any Definitive 
Bearer Notes are redeemed or become repayable prior to the Maturity Date in respect thereof, 
principal will be payable on surrender of each such Note together with all unmatured Receipts 
appertaining thereto. Unmatured Receipts and Receipts presented without the Definitive 
Bearer Notes to which they appertain do not constitute obligations of the Issuer. All payments 
of interest and principal with respect to Bearer Notes will be made only against presentation 
and surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes, Coupons or Receipts outside the United States 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America and except as 
otherwise provided in the third succeeding paragraph. No payment with respect to the Bearer 
Notes will be made by mail to an address in the United States or by transfer to an account 
maintained by the holder in the United States. 
Subject as provided below and subject also as provided in the Final Terms, payments in 
respect of definitive Notes (other than Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes) denominated in a 
currency (other than euro) or, in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Notes, payable in a 
currency (other than euro) will (subject as provided below) be made by a cheque in the 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder and upon 15 days' prior notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent, by transfer to an account in the currency maintained by the payee 
with, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency. Payments in euro 
will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account or any other account to which euro may be 
credited or transferred specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by euro-cheque. 
(iii) 
Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note 
will be made in the manner specified above and otherwise in the manner specified in the 
relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global 
Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside of the United States. A record of each 
payment made on such Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any 
payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which such 
Global Note is presented for the purpose of making such payment, and such record shall be 
prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect 
of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or DTC, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. No person 
other than the holder of the relevant Global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor in respect of any payments due in respect of such Global Note. 
(iv) 
Payments in United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments in respect of Bearer Notes denominated and payable 
in US dollars will be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in the United States if 
(a) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount due on the 
Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; (b) payment of the full amount due at 
all such specified offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and 
interest in US dollars; and (c) such payment is then permitted under United States law without

--- Page 71 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
71 
 
 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences for the 
Issuer and the Guarantor. 
(v) 
Book-Entry Notes 
Payments in respect of the Book-Entry Notes (in terms of both principal and interest) will be 
made by transfer to the registered account of the relevant Noteholder maintained by or on 
behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in the currency in which the payment is due, 
details of which appear in the records of Iberclear, the relevant Iberclear Member or the Book-
Entry Depositary, as the case may be, at the close of business on the Business Day on which 
the payment of principal and/or interest, as the case may be, falls due. Noteholders must rely 
on the procedures of Iberclear, the relevant Iberclear member or the Book-Entry Depositary, 
as the case may be, to receive payments under the relevant Book-Entry Notes. None of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, any Agent or any of the Dealers will have any responsibility or liability 
for the records relating to payments made in respect of the Book-Entry Notes. 
(vi) 
All payment 
The Book-Entry Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and 
regulations in the place of payment, without prejudice to the provisions of General Condition 
7 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(vii) 
Coupons 
Fixed Rate Bearer Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall include Coupons to be 
issued on exchange of Talons which will have matured on or before the relevant redemption 
date), failing which the full amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the full amount of such missing unmatured 
Coupon which the sum so paid bears to the total amount due) will be deducted from the sum 
due for payment. Any amount so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relevant missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date 
(as defined in General Condition 7) for the payment of such sum due for payment, whether or 
not such Coupon has become void pursuant to General Condition 10 or, if later, five years 
from the due date for payment of such Coupon. Upon any Fixed Rate Bearer Note becoming 
due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining 
thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Floating Rate Note, Specified Interest Amount Note, 
Index Linked Note, Equity Linked Note, Inflation Linked Note, ETF Linked Note, Fund 
Linked Note, Credit Linked Note, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note or Combination 
Note in definitive bearer form all unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. Where any 
Floating Rate Note, Specified Interest Amount Note, Index Linked Note, Equity Linked Note, 
Inflation Linked Note, ETF Linked Note, Fund Linked Note, Credit Linked Note, Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note or Combination Note is presented for redemption without 
all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto, payment of all amounts due in relation to such 
Note shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(if applicable). 
(viii) 
Payments 
If any date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, then the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until 
the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other sum in 
respect of any such delay. 
For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to General Condition 10) 
is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in:

--- Page 72 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
72 
 
 
(A) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant currency (if 
other than the place of presentation, any Financial Centre and which, if such currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively; or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET System is open; 
(B) 
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable 
Final Terms, a day in which the TARGET System is open; 
(C) 
each city specified as a Financial Centre (each, a "Financial Centre") in the Final 
Terms; and 
(D) 
in relation to Notes in definitive form, the relevant place of presentation; 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to, and 
including, the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it 
appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of General Condition 11. Each Talon 
shall, for the purposes of these Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date 
on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives applicable thereto; (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code"), and (iii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreement thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or in each case any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto (without prejudice to the provisions 
of General Condition 7 (Taxation). 
(ix) 
Payment Disruption Event 
If "Payment Disruption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, where the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Payment Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to 
occur: 
(A) 
the next date for payment of any amount due in respect of the Notes  will be 
postponed to the earliest to occur of (i) the date falling 2 Business Days after the date 
on which the Calculation Agent determines that the Payment Disruption Event is no 
longer occurring or (ii) the date falling 30 calendar days following the scheduled due 
date for payment of the relevant amount (the "Postponed Payment Date"), which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the Scheduled Maturity Date. No 
interest shall accrue and no Event of Default will result on account of such 
postponement; and 
(B) 
(i) in the case of (A)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant amount due in respect 
of the Notes in the Specified Notes Currency on the Postponed Payment Date, or (ii) 
in the case of (A)(ii) above, the Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13, and (i) convert the relevant amount due in respect of 
the Notes into U.S. Dollars using the rate of exchange between the Specified Notes 
Currency and the U.S. Dollar  that the Calculation Agent determines 5 Business Days 
prior to the Postponed Payment Date and taking into consideration all information 
that it deems relevant. The Issuer will pay such amount in U.S. Dollars less the cost 
to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (if any) of amending or unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements in connection with such Payment 
Disruption Event and/or the related payment, and the Issuer shall have no further

--- Page 73 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
73 
 
 
obligations whatsoever for the relevant payment under the Notes or (ii) if the 
Calculation Agent determines that it is not possible to determine the rate of exchange, 
the Issuer may early redeem all the Notes at an amount in U.S. Dollars determined 
pursuant to General Condition 6(f). 
For the purposes of the above, "Payment Disruption Event" means an event which (a) prevents, 
restricts or delays the Issuer from converting or delivering relevant currencies, (b) imposes capital or 
exchange controls, (c) implements changes to laws relating to foreign investments or, (d) otherwise 
prohibits or prevents the Issuer from making a payment or performing an obligation required of it as a 
result of war, catastrophe, governmental action or other event beyond its control, including the relevant 
currencies exclusion as full settlement currency in the clearing systems where the Notes settled on the 
Issue Date. 
(b) 
Physical Delivery 
(i) 
Physical Delivery 
(A) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In relation to Notes to be redeemed by delivery or, in the case of Credit Linked Notes 
to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, Delivery (as such term is defined 
in the Credit Linked Conditions) of the Entitlement(s) (as defined below), in order to 
obtain delivery or Delivery, as the case may be, of the Entitlement in respect of any 
Note, the relevant Noteholder must: 
(1) 
If such note is a Book-Entry Note: 
I. 
where the Entitlement is also a security (or securities) included in 
Iberclear's book-entry register, then the Delivery Agent as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the "Delivery Agent") must receive 
instructions from each Iberclear participant entity holding Book-
Entry Notes on the Cut-off Date.  Such instructions shall include 
complete 
settlement 
instructions, 
incorporating 
relevant 
information in respect of the Noteholders holding Book-Entry 
Notes through each Iberclear participant entity and such 
instructions shall include (or be accompanied by) certification as to 
non U.S. beneficial ownership.  Each Iberclear participant holding 
Book-Entry Notes must block such Book-Entry Notes from and 
including the Cut-off Date; and 
II. 
where the Entitlement comprises an instrument (or instruments) 
that is not included in Iberclear's book-entry register, each Iberclear 
participant holding Book-Entry Notes on the Cut-Off Date must 
send timely and full settlement instructions to the Delivery Agent 
sufficient to allow the Issuer, or, where applicable, the Delivery 
Agent acting on the Issuer's behalf, to make delivery or Delivery of 
the Entitlement in the relevant clearing system (where relevant) or 
otherwise on the Delivery Date or the Credit Settlement Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with the provisions of this General 
Condition 5(b) and such instructions shall include (or be 
accompanied by) certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership. 
III. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the settlement instructions 
contemplated by this sub-paragraph (1) apply, this replaces the 
requirement to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with 
the provisions below.  All instructions for settlement to be 
delivered in accordance with this sub-paragraph (1) will be referred 
to as the "Iberclear Settlement Instruction". If such Note is 
represented by a Global Note, deliver to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (as applicable), with a copy to the Principal Paying 
Agent and any entity appointed by the Issuer to deliver or Deliver, 
as the case may be, the Entitlement on its behalf (the "Delivery

--- Page 74 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
74 
 
 
Agent") no later than the close of business in each place of 
reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed asset transfer 
notice substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement 
(the "Asset Transfer Notice"); and 
(2) 
if such Note is represented by a Global Note, deliver to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable), with a copy to the Principal 
Paying Agent and any entity appointed by the Issuer to deliver or Deliver, as 
the case may be, the Entitlement on its behalf no later than the close of 
business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed 
Asset Transfer Notice; and 
(3) 
if such Note is in definitive form, deliver (i) if such Note is a Bearer Note, to 
any Paying Agent or (ii) if such Note is a Registered Note, to the Registrar 
or any Paying Agent, in each case, with a copy to the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Delivery Agent (as defined above) no later than the close of 
business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed 
Asset Transfer Notice. 
For the purposes hereof, "Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the Final 
Terms or if not so specified (a) in respect of a Note that is not a Credit Linked Note 
to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, the fifth Business Day 
immediately preceding the Delivery Date or (b) in respect of a Credit Linked Note to 
which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, the third Business Day immediately 
preceding the Credit Settlement Date. 
A form of Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Paying Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Note is represented by a 
Global Note, in such manner as is acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, or (ii) if such Note is in definitive form, in writing. 
If a Note is in definitive form, it must be delivered together with the duly completed 
Asset Transfer Notice. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(1) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant 
Noteholder and the person from whom the Issuer or Delivery Agent may 
obtain details for the delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement; 
(2) 
specify the series number of the Notes and the number of Notes which are 
the subject of such notice; 
(3) 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, specify the nominal 
amount of Notes which are the subject of such notice and the number of the 
Noteholder's account at the relevant Clearing System to be debited with 
such Notes and irrevocably instruct and authorise the relevant Clearing 
System to debit the relevant Noteholder's account with such Notes on or 
before the Delivery Date or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes to which 
Credit Linked Redemption is applicable) the Credit Settlement Date; 
(4) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses (as defined below) and, in the 
case of Notes represented by a Global Note, an authority to the relevant 
Clearing System to debit a specified account of the Noteholder with the 
relevant Clearing System in respect thereof and to pay such Expenses; 
(5) 
include such details as are required for delivery or Delivery of the 
Entitlement which may include account details and/or the name and address 
of any person(s) into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is to be 
registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing 
the Entitlement are to be delivered or Delivered and specify the name and 
number of the Noteholder's account to be credited with any cash payable by 
the Issuer, (including, where applicable, pursuant to Credit Linked

--- Page 75 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
75 
 
 
Condition 1, in respect of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement) or 
any dividends relating to the Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event or a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the 
Issuer electing to pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount or Failure to 
Deliver Redemption Amount, as applicable, or as a result of the Issuer 
electing to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount (each as defined 
below); 
(6) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a U.S. person (as 
defined in the Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is not being redeemed within 
the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or 
other property have been or will be delivered within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any 
redemption thereof; and 
(7) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
Copies of such Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained from the Registrar or any 
Paying Agent. 
(B) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly completed and in 
proper form shall be made by the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, in each case in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Principal 
Paying Agent(s), any Delivery Agent and the relevant Noteholder. Subject as set out 
below, any Asset Transfer Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper 
form, or which is not copied to the Principal Paying Agent and any Delivery Agent 
immediately after being delivered or sent as provided in paragraph (A), shall be null 
and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction is subsequently 
corrected to the satisfaction of, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, the 
relevant Clearing System, in the case of Notes in definitive form, by the relevant 
Paying Agent or the Registrar, or in the case of Book-Entry Notes by the Delivery 
Agent, in each case in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, it shall be 
deemed to be a new Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction (as 
applicable) submitted at the time such correction was delivered as provided above. 
The relevant Clearing System, Delivery Agent, Registrar or Paying Agent, as 
applicable, shall use its reasonable efforts as soon as reasonably practicable to notify 
the Noteholder submitting an Asset Transfer Notice or, in respect of Book-Entry 
Notes, the Iberclear participant entity submitting the Iberclear Settlement Instruction, 
if, in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, it has determined that such Asset 
Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction (as applicable) is incomplete or 
not in proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, 
none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents or the relevant Clearing System 
shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken 
by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such determination 
to a Noteholder. 
No Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction may be withdrawn after 
receipt thereof by the relevant Clearing System, the Registrar, the Delivery Agent or 
a Paying Agent, as the case may be, as provided above. After delivery of an Asset 
Transfer Notice or an Iberclear Settlement Instruction, the relevant Noteholder may 
not transfer the Notes which are the subject of such notice. 
The Entitlement will be delivered on the date fixed for redemption (such date, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with this General Condition 5(b)(i)(B), the "Delivery 
Date") or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes to which Credit Linked Redemption is

--- Page 76 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
76 
 
 
applicable) Delivered on the Credit Settlement Date, in each case at the risk of the 
relevant Noteholder in the manner provided below and provided that, in each case, 
the Asset Transfer Notice, or in the case of Book-Entry Notes, Iberclear Settlement 
Instruction, is duly delivered as provided above not later than the close of business in 
each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date.  
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice or, in the case of Book-Entry 
Notes, Iberclear Settlement Instruction, as provided herein with a copy to each 
relevant party prior to the close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off 
Date, then the Entitlement will be delivered or, as the case may be, Delivered as soon 
as practicable after the Delivery Date or the Credit Settlement Date, as the case may 
be, at the risk of such Noteholder in the manner set out below, provided that, if in 
respect of a Note, an Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear Settlement Instruction (as 
applicable) is not delivered to the relevant Clearing System and/or each other 
relevant party, as the case may be, with a copy to the Issuer, prior to the close of 
business in each place of reception on the 90th calendar day following the Cut-off 
Date then (a) if "Assessed Value Payment Amount" is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable following such date 
determine the Assessed Value Payment Amount (as defined below) and in respect of 
such Note shall pay the Assessed Value Payment Amount to the relevant Noteholder 
in lieu of delivery of the Entitlement as soon as reasonably practicable following 
determination of the Assessed Value Payment Amount, or (b) if "Assessed Value 
Payment Amount" is specified as 'not applicable' in the Final Terms, the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of such Note and the Guarantor's obligations pursuant to the 
Guarantee in respect of such Note shall be discharged and no further liability in 
respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable. Upon 
payment of the Assessed Value Payment Amount, if applicable, the Issuer's and the 
Guarantor's obligations in respect of such Note shall be discharged. For the 
avoidance of doubt, in the circumstances described above, such Noteholder shall not 
be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, as a result of a failure to 
give an Asset Transfer Notice in relation to a Delivery Date or the Credit Settlement 
Date, as applicable and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor as applicable.  
The Issuer (or any Delivery Agent on its behalf) shall, at the risk of the relevant 
Noteholder, deliver (or procure the delivery) or Deliver (or procure the Delivery) of 
the Entitlement for each Note, in such commercially reasonable manner as the 
Calculation Agent shall in its sole discretion determine and notify to the person 
designated by the Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice or Iberclear 
Settlement Instruction (as applicable) or in such manner as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. All costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses including stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes ("Expenses") arising from 
the delivery or Delivery, as the case may be, of the Entitlement, in respect of such 
Notes shall be for the account of the relevant Noteholder and no delivery or Delivery 
of the Entitlement shall be made until all Expenses have been paid by the relevant 
Noteholder to the satisfaction of the Issuer. 
(C) 
General 
Notes held by the same Noteholder may be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Notes, provided that, the 
aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same Noteholder will be rounded down to 
the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. Fractions of 
the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be 
delivered and in lieu thereof a cash adjustment calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion shall be paid to the Noteholder. 
Following the Delivery Date or Credit Settlement Date in respect of a share forming 
part of the Entitlement, all dividends on the relevant shares to be delivered will be 
payable to the relevant party according to market practice assuming a sale of the 
shares has been executed on the Delivery Date or Credit Settlement Date. Any such

--- Page 77 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
77 
 
 
dividends to be paid to a Noteholder will be paid to the account specified by the 
Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as referred to in General Condition 
5(b)(i)(A). 
For such period of time after delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement until the 
Delivery Date or the Credit Settlement Date (the "Intervening Period"), none of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Paying Agents, the Registrar, any Delivery 
Agent or any other person shall at any time (i) be under any obligation to deliver or 
procure delivery to any Noteholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other 
document or, except as provided herein, payment whatsoever received by that person 
in respect of such securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations, (ii) be under any 
obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights attaching to such 
securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations or (iii) be under any liability to a 
Noteholder in respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder may sustain or 
suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being registered during 
such Intervening Period as legal owner of such securities, obligations or Deliverable 
Obligations. 
(D) 
Settlement Disruption 
The provisions of this General Condition 5(b)(i)(D) apply to Notes other than Credit 
Linked Notes to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable. 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement in such 
commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has determined is not 
practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event other than a Relevant Asset 
Redemption Event (each as defined below) having occurred and continuing on the 
Delivery Date, then the Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first following 
Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption 
Event, provided that, the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Note by delivering the Entitlement using such 
other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the 
Delivery Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection with 
delivery of the Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. Following 
the occurrence of a Relevant Asset Redemption Event, the Entitlement Amount shall 
be deemed to be a cash amount equal to the proceeds of redemption of the 
Entitlement specified in the Final Terms less (where 'Unwind Costs' are specified as 
being applicable in the Final Terms), an amount equal to all Unwind Costs (as 
defined below), as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. For the avoidance of doubt, 
where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Entitlement, the Delivery Date for the Relevant Assets not affected by 
the Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated Delivery Date.  
For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement 
Disruption Event other than a Relevant Asset Redemption Event, then in lieu of 
physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof the Issuer may 
elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note by 
payment to the relevant Noteholder of the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such 
election is given to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
Payment of the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 that a Settlement Disruption Event has 
occurred.  
No Noteholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Note in the 
event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the 
Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof:

--- Page 78 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
78 
 
 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or 
indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under common control 
with the First Entity. For these purposes, control means ownership of a majority of 
the voting power of an entity;  
"Disruption Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any relevant Note, 
the fair market value of such Note (taking into account, where the Settlement 
Disruption Event affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the 
Entitlement and such non affected Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as 
provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets) less the cost to the Issuer and/or 
its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion; 
"Hedging Arrangements" means any transaction(s), asset(s) or trading position(s) 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may enter into or hold from time to 
time (including, if applicable, on a portfolio basis) to hedge directly or indirectly and 
whether in whole or in part the credit or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Relevant Asset Redemption Event" means, in respect of a Relevant Asset which is 
specified in the Final Terms to be a debt obligation in the form of a bond, that the 
Relevant Asset has been redeemed for any reason, on or prior to the Maturity Date of 
the Notes; 
"Settlement Business Day" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms;  
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, as a 
result of which the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, cannot make delivery 
of the Relevant Asset(s) using the method specified in the Conditions and/or the 
Final Terms; and 
"Unwind Costs" means the amount specified in the Final Terms (if any) or if 
"Standard Unwind Costs" are specified in the Final Terms, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the aggregate sum of (without duplication) all costs 
(including loss of funding), fees, charges, expenses, tax and duties incurred by the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with the redemption of the Relevant 
Assets and the Notes and the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of 
any Hedging Arrangements. 
(E) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
The provisions of this General Condition 5(b)(i)(E) apply to the Notes other than 
Credit Linked Notes to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable. 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applying in the Final Terms 
and, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to 
deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets (the "Affected Relevant 
Assets") comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity 
in the market for the Relevant Assets (a "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity"), 
then: 
(1) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Conditions, any Relevant Assets which 
are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the originally 
designated date of redemption in accordance with this General Condition 
(b); and 
(2) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement 
and notwithstanding any other provision hereof the Issuer may elect in its 
sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note by 
payment to the relevant Noteholder of the Failure to Deliver Redemption 
Amount (as defined below) on the fifth Business Day following the date that 
notice of such election is given to the Noteholders in accordance with

--- Page 79 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
79 
 
 
General Condition 13. Payment of the Failure to Deliver Redemption 
Amount will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with General Condition 13. The Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 that the provisions of this General Condition 5(b)(i)(E)  apply. 
For the purposes hereof, "Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount" means, in 
respect of any relevant Note, the fair market value of such Note (taking into account, 
the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement which have been duly delivered as 
provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets), less the cost to the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(ii) 
Variation of Settlement 
If the Final Terms indicate that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of the 
Notes, the Issuer may at its sole and unfettered discretion in respect of each such Note, elect 
not to pay the relevant Noteholders the Final Redemption Amount or to deliver or procure 
delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof 
to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement or make payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount on the Maturity Date to the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be. Notification of 
such election will be given to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 and the 
provisions of General Condition 5(b) (Physical Delivery) shall apply accordingly. Where so 
specified in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall give not less than the minimum period of notice 
and/or not more than the maximum period of notice. 
(iii) 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount 
Notwithstanding any provision of these General Conditions to the contrary, the Issuer may, in 
its sole and absolute discretion in respect of Notes to which this General Condition 5(b) 
applies, if the Calculation Agent determines (in its sole and absolute discretion) that the 
Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprises assets which are not freely 
tradable, elect either (i) to substitute for the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case 
may be, an equivalent value (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion) of such other assets which the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, are freely tradable (the "Substitute Asset" or the "Substitute Assets", as 
the case may be) or (ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement or the 
Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, to the relevant Noteholders, but in lieu thereof to make 
payment to the relevant Noteholder on the Delivery Date of an amount equal to the fair market 
value of the Entitlement on or about the time of so electing as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion by reference to such sources as it considers 
appropriate (the "Alternate Cash Redemption Amount"). Notification of any such election 
will be given to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 and in the event that the 
Issuer elects to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount such notice shall give details of 
the manner in which such amount shall be paid. 
For purposes hereof, a "freely tradable" security shall mean (i) with respect to the United 
States, a security which is registered under the Securities Act or not restricted under the 
Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of such security and not purchased 
from an affiliate of the issuer of such security or which otherwise meets the requirements of a 
freely tradable security for purposes of the Securities Act, in each case, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion or (ii) with respect to any other 
jurisdiction, a security not subject to any legal restrictions on transfer in such jurisdiction. 
(iv) 
Rights of Noteholders and Calculations 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent, any Delivery Agent 
and the Agents shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions in any calculation or 
determination in respect of the Notes. 
The purchase of Notes does not confer on any holder of such Notes any rights (whether in 
respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
(v) 
For the purposes of the General Conditions:

--- Page 80 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
80 
 
 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly 
or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity 
or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these 
purposes, control means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity; and 
"Assessed Value Payment Amount" means, in respect of a Note, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the assets comprised in the Entitlement in 
respect of such Note less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying relating hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note (other than a 
Credit Linked Note to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable) will be redeemed by the Issuer 
at its relevant Final Redemption Amount in the Specified Notes Currency on the Maturity Date 
specified in the Final Terms or, if (i) Physical Settlement is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
(each such Note a "Physical Delivery Note") or (ii) Variation Settlement is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms and the Issuer exercises such option, by delivery of the Entitlement (as provided in 
General Condition 5(b)(b) above) on the Delivery Date. Notes may not be redeemed other than in 
accordance with these General Conditions and any applicable Annex. 
The "Final Redemption Amount" shall be, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms,  
an amount in respect of each Calculation Amount, equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by: (i) 
the percentage, or (ii) the Final Payout specified in the Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, if the 
Final Payout is zero or negative, no amount shall be payable on the final redemption of the Note. 
The "Entitlement", in respect of each Calculation Amount, shall be a quantity of the Relevant Asset(s) 
(and any cash amount to be delivered as a result of rounding down) specified in the Final Terms equal 
to the Entitlement Amount specified in the Final Terms or, in the case of Credit Linked Notes to which 
Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, the Deliverable Obligations to be delivered pursuant to the 
Credit Linked Conditions. If the Relevant Asset is specified in the Final Terms to be a debt obligation 
in the form of a bond (a "Bond Asset"), the Entitlement in respect of each Calculation Amount, shall 
be a nominal amount of such Bond Asset (and any cash amount to be delivered as a result of rounding 
down) specified in the Final Terms having a face value equal to the Entitlement Amount specified in 
the Final Terms. In respect of any Bond Asset (i) the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments as 
it, in its sole and absolute discretion determines to be necessary, to the Entitlement to be so delivered, 
in order to take account of any redenomination, subdivision, consolidation, reclassification or any event 
having a dilutive or concentrative effect on the value of the Bond Asset; or (ii) if such Bond Asset is 
converted into or exchanged for other securities in accordance with the terms of any voluntary or 
involuntary exchange or restructuring programme, the Entitlement shall be a nominal amount of the 
such converted securities or securities for which the Bond Asset has been exchanged, having a face 
value equal to the Entitlement Amount. If the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that such securities are not freely tradable, the provisions of General Condition 
5(b)(iii)(Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount) shall 
apply. 
"Relevant Asset(s)" means the relevant asset(s) so specified in the Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), 
on giving not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with General Condition 13, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
(A) on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged under Spanish law to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in General 
Condition 7 or the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure 
payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional 
amounts (as defined in General Condition 7); or (B) there is any change after the Issue Date of 
the Notes in the application or binding official interpretation of the Spanish laws or

--- Page 81 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
81 
 
 
regulations as a result of which withholding tax is applicable to the Notes, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the issue date of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
in the case of (i)(A) above, such obligation to pay additional amounts cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this General Condition 6, the Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the Guarantor shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer (or if at the time that such certification is to be given the Issuer has only one 
Director, such certificate may be signed by such Director) or, as the case may be, by a duly authorised 
signatory of the Guarantor stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred, an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts. 
Each Note redeemed pursuant to this General Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in General Condition 6(f) below and no further interest will be payable since the 
immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date. 
(c) 
Redemption for Illegality  
In the event that the Issuer determines in good faith that the performance of its obligations 
under the Notes or that any arrangements made to hedge its obligations under the Notes has or 
will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of 
compliance with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or 
directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in 
the interpretation thereof, the Issuer having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, each 
Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below and 
no further interest will be payable since the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
if none, the Issue Date. 
 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If "Issuer Call Option" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given: 
(i) 
not less than 5 days' (or such other notice period specified in the Final Terms) notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not less than 4 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and each at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined on the Optional Redemption Valuation Date in the 
manner specified in, the Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any partial redemption must be of a nominal amount equal to 
the Minimum Redemption Amount or, if applicable, a Higher Redemption Amount as specified in the 
Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed 
Notes") will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or DTC, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a 
Global Note or in the case of Redeemed Notes that are represented by Book-Entry Notes, the rules of 
Iberclear or the Book-Entry Depository (as the case may be), not more than 30 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case 
of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed

--- Page 82 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
82 
 
 
Notes will be published in accordance with General Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date 
fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Notes as the 
aggregate nominal amount of definitive Notes outstanding bears to the Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that the aggregate nominal amount 
of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the 
nearest integral multiple of the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. 
No exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the 
Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this paragraph (d) and 
notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection Date.  
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Noteholder Put) 
If "Noteholder Put Option" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 13 not less than 15 or more than 30 
days' notice (or such other minimum and/or maximum notice period specified in the Final Terms) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem in whole but 
not in part, subject to and in accordance with the terms specified in the Final Terms, such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined on the 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date specified in the Final Terms, together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of the Notes its holder must, if the Notes are in definitive 
form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, deliver at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this 
General Condition 6(e)(e) and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be 
redeemed. If a Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by the Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the Note will, following delivery of the Put 
Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If a Note is represented by a global Note or is in 
definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, to exercise the 
right to require redemption of the Note the holder of the Note must, within the notice period, give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC (which may include notice being given on his 
instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC or any common depositary for them 
to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC from time to time, and, if a Note is a Bearer Note represented by a global 
Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant global Note to the Principal 
Paying Agent for notation accordingly. If the Note is represented by a Book-Entry Note held through 
Iberclear, to exercise the right to require redemption of such Note the holder of such Note must, within 
the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Iberclear (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Iberclear, 
or any Iberclear member to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to 
Iberclear from time to time. In the case of a Book-Entry Note held through a Book-Entry Depositary, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of the Note, the holder of the Note must within the notice 
period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent and the Spanish Paying Agent in accordance with the 
procedures agreed with such Book-Entry Depositary. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg and/or DTC given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this General 
Condition 6(e) shall be irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to 
the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this General Condition 6(e) and instead to declare 
such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to General Condition 9.  
(f) 
Early Redemption

--- Page 83 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
83 
 
 
For the purposes of General Condition 6 (b), (c), and (k), General Condition 9 and any circumstances 
where the Notes are to be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
defined below), each Note will be redeemed at an amount (the "Early Redemption Amount") 
calculated as follows, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, and no further interest will be 
payable since the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date:  
(i) 
in the case of any Note at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the second 
Business Day immediately preceding the due date for the early redemption of the Notes, 
representing such Note's pro rata share of (a) the fair market value of such Notes taking into 
account all factors which the Calculation Agent determines relevant (including, if applicable, 
any interest provision of the Note, the event which resulted in such redemption and, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up) less (b) all costs incurred by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of its Affiliates in connection with such early redemption, including, without 
limitation, any costs associated with unwinding any related hedging arrangements, and all 
other expenses related thereto, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.  
(ii) 
For the purposes of (i)(a) above where the relevant Notes provide for any minimum amount(s) 
of cash or assets to be payable or deliverable this shall be taken into account in determining 
the fair market value. However, the Calculation Agent shall reduce (i.e. discount) the value of 
such amounts in determining the fair market value to take into account the length of time 
remaining to the first possible date on which such amount(s) would otherwise have been 
payable or deliverable. Such discounting may be determined by reference to such information 
as the Calculation Agent may select which may include risk free rate(s). 
The Calculation Agent shall also take into account appropriate values for any other amount 
which would or could otherwise have been payable or deliverable under the relevant Notes. 
This may include the element of the return on the Notes determined by reference to the 
relevant assets or reference basis(es) to which the Notes relate (i.e. a derivative element). The 
relevant value for this element of the Notes may be determined by reference to the cost at the 
relevant time of entering into a transaction to provide similar amounts.  
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Notes 
purchased as aforesaid may, at the option of the Issuer, the Guarantor or their respective subsidiaries, as 
the case may be, be held, reissued, resold or surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for 
cancellation except that all Notes in definitive form purchased by the Issuer must be surrendered for 
cancellation. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to General Condition 6(g) above (together 
with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the 
Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
(i) 
Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled on or prior to an Instalment Date, Instalment 
Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the Final 
Terms. In the case of Notes in definitive form, all instalments (other than the final instalment) will be 
paid by surrender of, in the case of a Definitive Bearer Note, the relevant Receipt (which must be 
presented with the Note to which it appertains) and, in the case of a definitive Registered Note, the 
relevant Note and issue of a new Note in the nominal amount remaining outstanding, all as more fully 
described in General Condition 5. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will 
be determined pursuant to General Condition 6(f) above. 
Where the Notes are Credit Linked Notes in respect of which Instalment Amounts are payable and the 
Final Terms specify that the Credit Linked Conditions shall not apply to the Instalment Amounts, such

--- Page 84 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
84 
 
 
Instalment Amounts shall be paid in full on each Instalment Date specified in the Final Terms 
notwithstanding the occurrence of any Credit Event Determination Date. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to General Condition 6(b), (d) or (e) above is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
General Condition 6(f)(ii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for redemption or the 
date upon which the Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable were replaced by references to the 
date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the Principal 
Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13. 
(k) 
Partly Paid Notes 
In the event that any Noteholder fails to pay a Part Payment Amount with respect to Partly Paid Notes 
on the due date (a "Part Payment Default Date"), such Partly Paid Notes held by such Noteholder 
shall automatically be redeemed, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, on the seventh 
Business Day following a Part Payment Default Date, each at its Early Redemption Amount referred to 
in General Condition 6 (f) above and no further interest will be payable from the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceeding such Part Payment Default Date or, if none, the Issue Date. Following the 
occurrence of a Part Payment Default Date with respect to Partly Paid Notes, the Issuer will, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, give notice of the occurrence of such Part Payment Default Date and resulting 
automatic redemption, to the relevant Noteholder in accordance with General Condition 13, provided 
that (i) failure to give such notice or (ii) payment of the Part Payment Amount following the occurrence 
of a Part Payment Default Date, will not void the automatic redemption of such Notes. 
 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise in accordance 
with the provisions of this General Condition 6. 
 
(l) 
Redemption for the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
(i) 
Subject to General Condition 6(l)(iii) and 6(l)(iv) below, following the occurrence of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer, having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 
days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes, 
each Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in General Condition 
6(f) above. Interest will cease to accrue and no further interest will be payable from the 
Interest Payment Date or (if none, the Issue Date) immediately preceeding such 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding General Condition 6(l)(i) above and subject to General Condition 6(l)(iii) and 
6(l)(iv) 
below, in the event 
that the Calculation 
Agent determines that 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent, shall give notice to the 
Issuer and the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable of the occurrence of such 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. The Calculation Agent shall then use reasonable endeavours 
to determine what amendments (if any) may be made to the terms and conditions of the Notes 
as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the 
relevant event or circumstance.Without limitation, such adjustments may: (a) consist of one or 
more amendments and/or be made on one or more dates; (b) be determined by reference to any 
adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made in relation to any hedging 
arrangements in respect of the Notes; and (c) include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and 
making related adjustments to the terms of the Notes, including where applicable to reflect any 
increased costs of the Issuer providing exposure to the successor benchmark(s), and, in the 
case of more than one successor benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as 
between the successor benchmarks. In the event that the Calculation Agent proposes 
amendments to the terms and conditions of the Notes in accordance with this General 
Condition 6(l)(ii), the Issuer shall make such amendments to the terms and conditions of the

--- Page 85 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
85 
 
 
Notes and there shall be no redemption of the Notes. However, if the Calculation Agent 
determines, 
within 
20 
calendar 
days 
of 
the 
Issuer 
receiving 
notice 
of 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, that no amendments may be made to the terms and 
conditions of the Notes to account for the effect of the relevant event or circumstance, (A) the 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of the same and (B) upon, the Issuer having given not 
less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable), the Notes shall be redeemed in accordance 
with General Condition 6(l)(i). 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding anything else in the General Conditions, if the relevant Benchmark for the 
determination of the Rate of Interest in respect of any Floating Rate Notes is a USD 
Benchmark Rate (of any tenor) or any Notes otherwise reference a USD Benchmark Rate (of 
any tenor) and the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time (such 
determination, a "Benchmark Transition Event Determination") in respect thereof on any 
date of determination of the Rate of Interest or other variable or amount under the General 
Conditions that depends on the determination of USD Benchmark Rate, then:  
(A) 
the provisions of Annex 9 - USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Annex and 
General Condition 6(l)(iv)  shall apply in respect of the Notes in relation to such USD 
LIBOR rate; and  
(B) 
the provisions of General Conditions 6(l)(i) and 6(l)(ii) shall not apply in respect of the 
Notes in respect of such USD LIBOR rate. 
(iv) 
Where the Calculation Agent determines under the provisions of Annex 9 - USD LIBOR 
Benchmark Transition Event Annex that there is not a Benchmark Replacement that will 
account for the effect of the Benchmark Transition Event, the Issuer, having given not less 
than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but 
not some only, of the Notes, each Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in General Condition 6(f) above. Interest will cease to accrue and no further interest 
will be payable from the Interest Payment Date or (if none, the Issue Date) immediately 
preceeding the Benchmark Transition Event Determination. 
For the purposes of this General Condition 6(l): 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in relation to any Benchmark, the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Pre-Cessation Event a 
Rejection Event or a Suspension/Withdrawal Event. 
"Benchmark" means any figure or rate and where any amount payable under the Notes, or the value of 
the Notes, is determined by reference to such figure or rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, any of the 
following has occurred or will occur: 
(A) 
any material change in such Benchmark;  
(B) 
any public statement by the relevant competent authority as a consequence of which the 
Benchmark will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes; 
(C) 
the permanent cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; or 
(D) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in connection 
with the Notes as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of 
obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either not 
obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or 
renewing such licence). 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" has the meaning given to that term in Annex 9 - USD LIBOR 
Benchmark Transition Event Annex.

--- Page 86 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
86 
 
 
"Benchmark Transition Event" has the meaning given to that term in Annex 9 - USD LIBOR 
Benchmark Transition Event Annex. 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011). 
"Non-Approval Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(A) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in 
respect of the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is not obtained or will not be 
obtained; 
(B) 
the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is not or will not be included in an 
official register; or 
(C) 
the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark does not or will not fulfil any legal or 
regulatory requirement applicable to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark, 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not occur if the Benchmark or the administrator of the 
Benchmark is not included in an official register because its authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence or approval is suspended if, at the time of such suspension, the continued 
provision and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Notes under the applicable law or 
regulation during the period of such suspension. 
“Pre-Cessation Event”: a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Benchmark (as 
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (A) the Benchmark is (or will be deemed by such 
supervisor to be) no longer representative of an underlying market or (B) the methodology to calculate 
the Benchmark has materially changed. 
"Reference Time" has the meaning given to that term in Annex 9 - USD LIBOR Benchmark 
Transition Event Annex. 
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant competent authority or other 
relevant official body rejects or refuses, or will reject or refuse any application for authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence, approval or inclusion in any official register 
which, in each case, is required in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark 
under any applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity 
to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(A) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws, or will 
suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark 
which is required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes; or 
(B) 
the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is or will be removed from any official 
register where inclusion in such register is required under any applicable law in order for any 
of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of 
the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or where 
inclusion in any official register is withdrawn if, at the time of such suspension or withdrawal, the 
continued provision and use of the Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Notes under the applicable 
law or regulation. 
 
"USD LIBOR" has the meaning given to that term in Annex 9 - USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition 
Event Annex. 
 
7. 
Taxation

--- Page 87 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
87 
 
 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any 
jurisdiction having the power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable (or, as the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent) will 
account to the relevant authorities for the amount required to be withheld or deducted and, in the case 
of any taxes or duties imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain ("Spain") or any 
political subdivision or authority thereof or therein having the power to tax, will pay such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(i) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a beneficial owner or a holder who is liable for such 
taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with Spain other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in General Condition 5(a)); or 
(iii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder if such taxes or duties may be avoided by 
complying with any relevant requirement of Spanish law or by making a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to any authority of or in Spain, unless such 
holder proved that he is not entitled so to comply or to make such declaration or claim. 
In these General Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
8. 
Redenomination 
(a) 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, without the 
consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on giving prior notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13, elect that, with effect from the 
Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the denomination 
of euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the nominal amount of 
that Note or Receipt in the Specified Notes Currency, converted into euro at the Established 
Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Principal Paying 
Agent, that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination into euro of 
internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, such 
provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the 
Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes 
may be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph (iv) 
below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference to the 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which 
Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant Noteholder and the amount of such 
payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01;

--- Page 88 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
88 
 
 
(iii) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be 
issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations agreed at the time by the Issuer and 
the Principal Paying Agent; 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Notes Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect 
from the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") that replacement 
euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that 
such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The 
payment obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also become void on 
that date although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange 
obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be issued 
in exchange for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified Notes Currency in 
such manner as the Principal Paying Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days 
prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(v) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the 
Specified Notes Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to 
a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified 
by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(vi) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on a Fixed 
Interest Date, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Calculation Amount 
(subject to General Condition 4(f)), multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count 
Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined above) of the 
relevant Specified Notes Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention; 
(vii) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the Final Terms will specify any relevant changes to the 
provisions relating to interest; and 
(viii) 
such other changes shall be made to these General Conditions as the Issuer may decide, after 
consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to 
conform them to conventions then applicable to instruments denominated in euro. 
(b) 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Notes Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Community 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 1091(4) of 
the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of interest 
under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by the Issuer in 
the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to paragraph (a) above and which falls on or after the date 
on which the country of the Specified Notes Currency first participates in the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have occurred and be continuing::

--- Page 89 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
89 
 
 
(i) 
a default is made for more than 14 days in the payment of any principal (including any 
Instalment Amount(s)) due in respect of any of the Notes or 30 days or more in the payment of 
any interest or other amount due in respect of any of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
a default is made in the performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any other obligation 
under the provisions of the Notes or under the provisions of the Guarantee relating to the 
Notes and such default continues for more than 60 days following service by a Noteholder on 
the Issuer and the Guarantor of a notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
an order of any competent court or administrative agency is made or any resolution is passed 
by the Issuer for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer (other than for the purpose of an 
amalgamation, merger or reconstruction (i) which has been approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or (ii) where all of the assets of the Issuer are transferred to, and all of its debts and 
liabilities are assumed by, a continuing entity); or 
(iv) 
an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings 
(procedimientos concursales) against the Guarantor or an order is made or a resolution is 
passed for the dissolution or winding up of the Guarantor (except in any such case for the 
purpose of a reconstruction or a merger or amalgamation (i) which has been approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) where the entity resulting from any such reconstruction or 
merger or amalgamation is a Financial Institution (Entidad de Crédito according to article 1 of 
Law 10/2014 of 26 June, on Organisation, Supervision and Solvency of Credit Entities) and 
will have a rating for long-term senior debt assigned by Standard & Poor's Rating Services, 
Moody's Investors Services or Fitch Ratings Ltd equivalent to or higher than the rating for 
long-term senior debt of the Guarantor immediately prior to such reconstruction or merger or 
amalgamation); or 
(v) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent by any competent 
court, or any order of any competent court or administrative agency is made for, or any 
resolution is passed by Issuer or the Guarantor to apply for, judicial composition proceedings 
with its creditors or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or other similar official in 
insolvency proceedings in relation to the Issuer or the Guarantor or substantially all of the 
assets of either of them (unless in the case of an order for a temporary appointment, such 
appointment is discharged within 60 days); or 
(vi) 
the Issuer (except for the purpose of an amalgamation, merger or reconstruction approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution) or the Guarantor (except for the purpose of an amalgamation, 
merger or reconstruction (i) which has been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) 
where the entity resulting from any such reconstruction or merger or amalgamation will have a 
rating for long-term senior debt assigned by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or Moody's 
Investor Services equivalent to or higher than the rating for long-term senior debt of the 
Guarantor immediately prior to such reconstruction or merger or amalgamation) ceases or 
threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business; or 
(vii) 
an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or similar official in relation to the Issuer or the Guarantor or in relation to the 
whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer or the Guarantor and 
is not discharged within 60 days; or 
(viii) 
the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect. 
then the holder of any Note may declare such Note by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, effective upon the date of receipt 
thereof by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, (in the case of paragraph 
(iii) and, in relation to the Issuer only, (iv), (v), (vi) and (vii) above, only if then permitted by 
applicable Spanish Law) to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become 
immediately due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount (as described in General Condition (f)), 
together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment. 
For the purpose of General Conditions 9(v), (vi) and (vii) a report by the auditors for the time being of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, as to whether any part of the undertaking, business or 
assets of the Issuer or the Guarantor is "substantial" shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive.

--- Page 90 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
90 
 
 
Noteholders may not be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the 
adoption of any resolution measure under Law 11/2015.  
The Spanish Insolvency Law provides: (i) that any claim not included in the company's accounts or 
otherwise reported to the insolvency administrators within one month from the last official publication 
of the court order declaring the insolvency may become subordinated, (ii) that provisions in certain 
contracts granting one party the right to terminate on the other's insolvency are not enforceable and (iii) 
for the further accrual of interest to be suspended from the date of declaration of insolvency (subject to 
certain exceptions). 
Sustainable Notes 
In the case of any Notes where the “Reasons for the Offer” in paragraph 4 in Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms are stated to be for “green”, “social” or “sustainability” purposes or for the “maintenance 
of a Sustainable Portfolio” as described in the “Use of Proceeds” section (the "Sustainable Notes Use 
of Proceeds Disclosure"), no Event of Default shall occur or other claim against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of, 
such Sustainable Notes arise as a result of the net proceeds of such Sustainable Notes not being used, 
any report, assessment, opinion or certification not being obtained or published, or any other step or 
action not being taken, in each case as set out and described in the Sustainable Notes Use of Proceeds 
Disclosure. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment of principal in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed upon the expiry of 10 years 
from the due date thereof and claims for payment of interest (if any) in respect of the Notes shall be 
prescribed upon the expiry of five years, from the due date thereof. There shall not be included in any 
Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon, any Coupon the claim for payment in respect of which 
would be void pursuant to this General Condition 10 or General Condition 5 above. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If any Note (including any Global Note), Receipt, Coupon or Talon is mutilated, defaced, stolen, 
destroyed or lost, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, upon payment by the claimant of the costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity, as the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Registrar may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. Cancellation and replacement of Notes, Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons shall be subject to compliance with such procedures as may be required under any 
applicable law and subject to any applicable stock exchange requirements. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the 
same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
13. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in one leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times). The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or any other relevant authority on which the Bearer 
Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice 
will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.  
All notices regarding Book-Entry Notes may be given by delivery to the Noteholders by registered mail 
to the addresses appearing in the relevant registries maintained by Iberclear or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Iberclear Member or by any other means which comply with Spanish law and the rules 
applicable to the giving of notices to investors and, if the Book-Entry Notes are listed on the AIAF 
Fixed Income Securities Market ("AIAF") or listed on in a Spanish MTF, the rules of AIAF or of the 
relevant Spanish MTF.

--- Page 91 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
91 
 
 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority, such notice will be published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, notice may be given (so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC (instead of by way of publication in a newspaper or mailing)) by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by 
them to the holders of the Notes. For so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to 
listing by another relevant authority, such notice will be also published in a manner which complies 
with the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority by the Issuer. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the 
Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any 
of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting 
may and, if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall be convened by the Issuer. At a meeting of the holders 
of the Notes for the purpose of, amongst others, approving a modification or amendment to, or 
obtaining a waiver of any covenant or condition set forth in the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the 
Agency Agreement, persons entitled to vote a majority in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes at the 
time outstanding shall constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum at any such meeting that is not a 
meeting convened upon the requisition of Noteholders, within 30 minutes of the time appointed for 
such meeting, the meeting may be adjourned for a period of not less than 14 days, in the absence of a 
quorum any meeting that is convened on the requisition of Noteholders shall be dissolved; the persons 
entitled to vote a majority in aggregate nominal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding shall 
constitute a quorum for the taking of any action set forth in the notice of the original meeting. At a 
meeting or an adjourned meeting duly convened and at which a quorum is present as aforesaid, any 
Extraordinary Resolution to, amongst others, modify or amend any of the Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons or any provisions of the Agency Agreement (other than those items specified in General 
Conditions 14(i) and (ii)), or to waive compliance with, any of the terms and conditions of the Notes 
shall be effectively passed if passed by a majority consisting of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast. 
The Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor may agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is 
not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision 
or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the 
law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer or the Guarantor are incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders 
and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders, in accordance with General Condition 
13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
15. 
Agents and Registrar

--- Page 92 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
92 
 
 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or 
appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
Agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(ii) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer 
Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of such other stock exchange or other relevant authority; 
and 
(iii) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Notes payable in a Specified Notes Currency other 
than US dollars are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange 
Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified 
office in New York City in the circumstances described in General Condition 5(a). Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 or more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13, provided that no such 
variation, termination, appointment or changes shall take effect (except in the case of insolvency) 
within 7 days before any due date for the payment of any Note or any related Receipt or Coupon. 
Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of any Agent will be given promptly by the 
Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents will act solely as agents of each of the Issuer and 
Guarantor (if applicable) and do not assume any obligations or relationship of agency or trust to or with 
the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, except that (without affecting the obligations of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) to the Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders, to 
repay Notes and pay interest thereon) funds received by the Principal Paying Agent for the payment of 
the principal of or interest on the Notes shall be held by it in trust for the Noteholders and/or 
Receiptholders or Couponholders until the expiration of the relevant period of prescription under 
General Condition 10. The Issuer will agree to perform and observe the obligations imposed upon it 
under the Agency Agreement. The Agency Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of 
the Paying Agents and for relief from responsibility in certain circumstances, and entitles any of them 
to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any of its subsidiaries without being liable to 
account to the Noteholders, Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any resulting profit. 
All calculations, determinations, decisions, selections, elections and opinions made by the Calculation 
Agent shall be made in its discretion in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes, having regard in 
each case to any criteria stipulated therein, and shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the other Agents and the Noteholders.  
In exercising its discretion as described above, the Calculation Agent may take into account such 
factors as it determines appropriate in each case, which may include, in particular, any circumstances 
or events which have or may have a material impact on the hedging arrangements (as described below) 
entered into by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any other relevant party (each a "Relevant 
Party") in respect of the Notes. The exercise of the Calculation Agent's discretion in respect of the 
Notes as provided herein is necessary because certain circumstances or events (for example a material 
modification or disruption to a relevant asset(s) to which the Notes are linked) may occur subsequent to 
the issuance of the Notes which may materially affect the costs to the Relevant Party of maintaining the 
Notes or any relevant hedging arrangements. Such circumstances or events may not have been reflected 
in the pricing of the Notes. In addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. unavailability 
or disruption to any reference source) it may no longer be reasonably practicable or otherwise 
appropriate for certain valuations in respect of any relevant asset(s) to which the Notes are linked or 
otherwise in connection with the Notes to be made, thus making it necessary for the Calculation Agent 
to exercise its discretion in such a case. 
16. 
Substitution 
(a) 
Substitution of the Issuer

--- Page 93 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
93 
 
 
(i) 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders (and by subscribing any Notes, each 
Noteholder expressly consents to it), be replaced and substituted by the Guarantor or any other 
company of which 100 per cent. of the shares or other equity interests (as the case may be) 
carrying the right to vote are directly or indirectly owned by the Guarantor as principal debtor 
(in such capacity, the "Substituted Debtor") in respect of the Notes provided that: 
(A) 
a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the Substituted 
Debtor, the representative for the relevant Series of Notes in the applicable public 
deed of issuance (the "Representative"), the Issuer and (if the Substituted Debtor is 
not the Guarantor) the Guarantor as may be necessary to give full effect to the 
substitution (together the "Documents") and (without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of each 
Noteholder to be bound by the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant, as fully as if the 
Substituted Debtor had been named in the Notes, the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes in place of the Issuer 
(or any previous substitute) and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) 
pursuant to which the Guarantor shall unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee (the 
"New Guarantee") in favour of each Noteholder the payment of all sums payable by 
the Substituted Debtor, as such principal debtor on the same terms mutatis mutandis 
as the Guarantee; 
(B) 
without prejudice to the generality of General Condition 16(a)(i)(A), where the 
Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes in a 
territory other than Spain, the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted 
Debtor and/or such other provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each 
Noteholder has the benefit of a covenant in terms corresponding to the provisions of 
General Condition 7 with the substitution for the references to Spain of references to 
the territory in which the Substituted Debtor is incorporated, domiciled and/or 
resident for taxation purposes. The Documents shall also contain a covenant by the 
Substituted Debtor and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor 
to indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder against all taxes or duties which 
arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable 
contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes effective, which may be 
incurred or levied against such holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this 
General Condition 16(a) and which would not have been so incurred or levied had 
such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the foregoing, any and all 
taxes or duties which are imposed on any such Noteholder by any political sub-
division or taxing authority of any country in which such Noteholder resides or is 
subject to any such tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such 
substitution not been made); 
(C) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor 
and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor that the Substituted 
Debtor and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor have 
obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such 
substitution and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) for the giving by the 
Guarantor of the New Guarantee in respect of the obligations of the Substituted 
Debtor on the same terms mutatis mutandis as the Guarantee, that each of the 
Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) 
has obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for 
the performance by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor (if the 
Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) of its obligations under the Documents and 
that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect; 
(D) 
each stock exchange which has the Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed that 
following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor the Notes would 
continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(E) 
the Issuer shall have delivered or procured the delivery to the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Registrar a copy of a legal opinion addressed to the Issuer, the Substituted 
Debtor and the Guarantor from a leading firm of lawyers in the country of

--- Page 94 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
94 
 
 
incorporation of the Substituted Debtor, to the effect that the Documents constitute 
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor, such opinion(s) to be 
dated not more than seven days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted 
Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by Noteholders at the 
specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar; 
(F) 
the Guarantor shall have delivered or procured the delivery to the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Registrar a copy of a legal opinion addressed to the Issuer, the 
Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor from a leading firm of Spanish lawyers acting 
for the Guarantor to the effect that in the case where the Substituted Debtor is not the 
Guarantor, the Documents (including the New Guarantee given by the Guarantor in 
respect of the Substituted Debtor) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the Guarantor, such opinion to be dated not more than seven days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection 
by Noteholders at the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Registrar; 
(G) 
the Guarantor shall have delivered or procured the delivery to the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Registrar a copy of a legal opinion addressed to the Issuer, the 
Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor from a leading firm of English lawyers to the 
effect that the Documents (including the New Guarantee given by the Guarantor in 
respect of the Substituted Debtor) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of 
the parties thereto under English law, such opinion to be dated not more than seven 
days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be 
available for inspection by Noteholders at the specified offices of the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Registrar; 
(H) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have appointed a process agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes or the Documents; 
(I) 
there is no outstanding Event of Default in respect of the Notes; 
(J) 
any credit rating assigned to the Notes will remain the same or be improved when the 
Substituted Debtor replaces and substitutes the Issuer in respect of the Notes; and 
(K) 
the substitution complies with all applicable requirements established under the 
relevant laws applicable laws. 
(ii) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in General Condition 16(a)(i)(A) above, 
the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the Notes as the principal debtor in 
place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under these provisions) and the Notes shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the 
Documents shall operate to release the Issuer (or such previous substitute as aforesaid) from 
all of its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
(iii) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Registrar for so long as any Note remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made 
against the Substituted Debtor or (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor 
by any Noteholder in relation to the Notes or the Documents shall not have been finally 
adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Debtor and (if the Substituted Debtor is not 
the Guarantor) the Guarantor shall acknowledge in the Documents the right of every 
Noteholder to the production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the Notes or the 
Documents. 
(iv) 
Not later than 15 London Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted 
Debtor shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
(b) 
Substitution of the Guarantor

--- Page 95 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
95 
 
 
(i) 
The Guarantor may, without the consent of the Noteholders (and by subscribing any Notes, 
each Noteholder expressly consents to it), be replaced and substituted by another company 
incorporated anywhere in the world as the guarantor (in such capacity, the "Substituted 
Guarantor") in respect of the Notes provided that: 
(A) 
a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the Guarantor and 
the Substituted Guarantor as may be necessary to give full effect to the substitution 
(together the "Documents") and (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) 
pursuant to which the Substituted Guarantor shall undertake in favour of each 
Noteholder to be bound by the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, and the Guarantee as fully as if the Substituted 
Guarantor had been named in the Notes, the Agency Agreement and the Guarantee as 
the guarantor in respect of the Notes in place of the Guarantor (or any previous 
substitute) and pursuant to which the Substituted Guarantor shall unconditionally and 
irrevocable guarantee (the "New Guarantee") in favour of each Noteholder the 
payment of all sums payable by the Issuer as such principal debtor on the same terms 
mutatis mutandis as the Guarantee; 
(B) 
the Documents shall also contain a covenant by the Substituted Guarantor to 
indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder against all liabilities, costs, charges 
and expenses provided that insofar as the liabilities, costs, charges and expenses are 
taxes or duties, the same arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or 
being in reasonable contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes 
effective, which may be incurred or levied against such holder as a result of any 
substitution pursuant to this General Condition 16(b) and which would not have been 
so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting the 
foregoing, such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and all taxes 
or duties which are imposed on any such Noteholder by any political sub-division or 
taxing authority of any country in which such Noteholder resides or is subject to any 
such tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such substitution 
not been made); 
(C) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted 
Guarantor that the Substituted Guarantor has obtained all necessary governmental 
and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and for the giving by the 
Substituted Guarantor of the New Guarantee, that the Substituted Guarantor has 
obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for the 
performance by the Substituted Guarantor of its obligations under the Documents and 
that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect; 
(D) 
each stock exchange which has the Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed that 
following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Guarantor such Notes would 
continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(E) 
the Guarantor shall have delivered or procured the delivery to the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Registrar of a copy of a legal opinion addressed to the Guarantor, the 
Issuer and the Substituted Debtor from a leading firm of lawyers in the country of 
incorporation of the Substituted Guarantor to the effect that the Documents constitute 
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Guarantor, such opinion to be 
dated not more than seven days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted 
Guarantor for the Guarantor and to be available for inspection by Noteholders at the 
specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar; 
(F) 
the Substituted Guarantor shall have delivered or procured the delivery to the 
Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar of a copy of a legal opinion addressed to 
the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Substituted Debtor from a leading firm of English 
lawyers to the effect that the Documents (including the New Guarantee given by the 
Substituted Guarantor) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the parties 
thereto under English law, such opinion to be dated not more than seven days prior to 
the date of substitution of the Substituted Guarantor for the Guarantor and to be 
available for inspection by Noteholders at the specified offices of the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Registrar;

--- Page 96 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
96 
 
 
(G) 
the Substituted Guarantor shall have appointed a process agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes or the Documents; 
(H) 
there is no outstanding Event of Default in respect of the Notes; 
(I) 
the Substituted Guarantor has ratings for long-term senior debt assigned by Standard 
& Poor's Ratings Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. or 
Moody's Investors Service, Inc. which are the same as or higher than the credit rating 
for long-term senior debt of the Guarantor or any previous Substituted Guarantor 
immediately prior to such substitution; and 
(J) 
the substitution complies with all applicable requirements established under any 
applicable law. 
(ii) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in General Condition 16(b)(i)(A) above, 
the Substituted Guarantor shall be deemed to be named in the Notes as the guarantor in place 
of the Guarantor (or of any previous substitute under these provisions) and the Notes shall 
thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the 
Documents shall operate to release the Guarantor (or such previous substitute as aforesaid) 
from all of its obligations in respect of the Notes and the Guarantees. 
(iii) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Registrar for so long as any Note remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made 
against the Substituted Guarantor by any Noteholder in relation to the Notes or the Documents 
shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The Substituted Guarantor shall 
acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Noteholder to the production of the 
Documents for the enforcement of any of the Notes or the Documents. 
(iv) 
Not later than 15 London Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted 
Guarantor shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
13. 
17. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
The Notes shall not confer any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
18. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
(i) 
The transfer of the Book Entry Notes (General Condition 1(e), the status of the Book-Entry 
Notes and the status of the Guarantee in respect of them (General Condition 3), the capacity of 
the Guarantor, and the relevant Guarantor corporate resolutions, will be governed by Spanish 
law. The capacity of the Issuer and the relevant Issuer corporate resolutions will be governed 
by Dutch Law. Subject as provided above, the terms and conditions of the Book-Entry Notes, 
all related contractual documentation (other than the Deed of Guarantee and Schedules 4 and 
10 of the Agency Agreement which will be governed by the laws of Spain) and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Book-Entry Notes and all 
related contractual documentation (other than the Deed of Guarantee and Schedules 4 and 10 
of the Agency Agreement which will be governed by the laws of Spain) will be governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(ii) 
The status of the Guarantee in respect of Certificated Notes (General Condition 3), the 
capacity of the Guarantor, and the relevant Guarantor corporate resolutions, will be governed 
by Spanish law. The Issue of the Certificated Notes, the capacity of the Issuer and the relevant 
Issuer corporate resolutions will be governed by Dutch Law. Subject as provided above, the 
terms and conditions of the Certificated Notes, all related contractual documentation (other 
than the Deed of Guarantee and Schedules 4 and 10 of the Agency Agreement which will be 
governed by the laws of Spain) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Certificated Notes and all related contractual documentation (other than 
the Deed of Guarantee and Schedules 4 and 10 of the Agency Agreement which will be

--- Page 97 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
97 
 
 
governed by the laws of Spain) will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, English law. 
(b) 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
(i) 
Subject to General Condition 18(b)(iii) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below, the 
English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute") and accordingly each of the Issuer and any 
Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the English courts. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 18, the Issuer and any Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(iii) 
This General Condition 18(b)(iii) is for the benefit of the Noteholders, Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders only. To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints the Guarantor at its registered office for the time being in England as 
its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any 
Proceedings and undertakes that, in the event of the Guarantor being unable or unwilling for any reason 
so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in 
respect of any Proceedings. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process 
will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
ANNEX 1 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to payouts shall comprise the 
General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for payouts set out below (the "Payout 
Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between (i) the General Conditions and/or any other Annex and (ii) the Payout Conditions, the Payout 
Conditions shall prevail. 
1 
Structured Notes 
(a) 
Use of Payout Conditions 
These Payout Conditions set out the methodology for determining various payouts and product features 
in respect of the Notes. The applicable text shown in Payout Conditions 2, 3, 4 and 5 below will be 
extracted, included and completed at the paragraph indicated in the Final Terms on the basis that (i) 
applicable text (including, where appropriate, section headings and terms defined in Payout Condition 
5 which are required to be completed) from the relevant Payout Condition will be set out at the 
paragraph indicated in the Final Terms and (ii) inapplicable text (and any terms defined in Payout 
Condition 5 which are not required to be completed) need not be included. Where the Final Terms 
specify that a table may be inserted, such table will set out amounts, entities, dates, items, rates, value 
levels, triggers, figures and other information which completes the definitions that appear in the 
relevant subparagraphs of the Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the applicable 
Annex(es) to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Notwithstanding the above, a table may be 
inserted in any section of the Final Terms whether or not is so specified that a table may be inserted in 
such section of the Final Terms. 
(b) 
Use of Terms 
Terms in these Payout Conditions or in the Final Terms may be attributed a numerical or letter suffix 
value when included in the Final Terms. Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted as "j", "k", "m", 
"q", "n", "t", "i", "A", "B", "C" or "1", "2", "3" etc. and the term may be completed on the basis of the 
number or numbers represented by j, k, m, q, n, t, i, "A", "B", "C" or 1, 2, 3 etc. as chosen at the time of 
an issue of Notes. Moreover suffixes may be placed in series as necessary, such as "A(1)", "B(1)", 
"C(1)" etc. When applicable and in order to improve the reading and intelligibility of the formula(e) in 
the Final Terms, the applicable suffixes may be included, completed and the relation between the term 
and the suffix will be explained and may be presented as a table, if necessary, in the Final Terms. A 
term in Payout Condition 5 may be included in the applicable Final Terms section more than once if 
there is more than one number represented by the term n, t or i. Conjunctions (e.g. or, and, but) and 
punctuation may also be included where appropriate. Suffixes may denote that a relevant term relates 
to an asset, item or date associated with that suffix. Suffixes may also be applied to payouts to denote 
that more than one payout or Rate of Interest etc, may be concurrently applicable (on the same dates or 
otherwise) in respect of any Note.  
The constituent parts of any formula(e) or term(s) used in these Payout Conditions and that are to be 
specified in the Final Terms may be replaced in the Final Terms by the prescribed amount, level, or 
percentage or other value or term (the "Variable Data"). If a Variable Data has a value of either 0 
(zero) or 1 (one), or is not applicable in respect of the relevant formula(e), then the related formula(e) 
may be simplified, for the purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility in the formula(e) in Final 
Terms, by deleting such Variable Data. 
(c) 
Note Types 
The Final Terms will specify the Interest Basis applicable in respect of a Note. Such Notes are, where 
the Interest Basis is: Index Linked Interest, an "Index Linked Interest Note"; Equity Linked Interest, 
an "Equity Linked Interest Note"; Inflation Linked Interest, an "Inflation Linked Interest Note"; 
Reference Item Rate Linked Interest, a "Reference Item Rate Linked Interest Note"; ETF Linked 
Interest a "ETF Linked Interest Note"; Fund Linked Interest, a "Fund Linked Interest Note"; 
"Credit Linked Interest, a "Credit Linked Interest Note" or "Credit Linked Note"; Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest, a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest Note" or 
where a combination of any two or more Interest Bases, a "Combination Interest Note" (each, a 
"Reference Item Linked Interest Note").

--- Page 99 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
99 
 
 
The Final Terms will specify the Redemption Basis applicable in respect of a Note. Such Notes are, 
where the Redemption Basis is: Index Linked Redemption; an "Index Linked Redemption Note"; 
Equity Linked Redemption, an "Equity Linked Redemption Note"; ETF Linked Redemption, a "ETF 
Linked Redemption Note" Fund Linked Redemption; a "Fund Linked Redemption Note"; Inflation 
Linked Redemption, an "Inflation Linked Redemption Note"; Reference Item Rate Linked 
Redemption, a "Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption Note"; Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Redemption, a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Redemption Note"; Credit Linked 
Redemption, a "Credit Linked Redemption Note"; or "Credit Linked Note", or where a combination 
of any two or more Redemption Bases, a "Combination Redemption Note" (each, a "Reference Item 
Linked Redemption Note"). 
2. 
Interest Rates Payout Formula(e) and Final Payout Formula(e) for Structured Notes 
2.1 
Interest Rate Payout Formula(e) 
(For insertion and completion into Paragraph 16(ix) (Rate of Interest) in the Final Terms. Note: where 
a Rate of Interest is a fixed or floating rate, paragraph 17 or 18 as applicable, in the Final Terms 
should be completed.) 
(i) 
"Rate of Interest (i)" 
Coupon Value (i) * Leverage (i) 
(ii) 
"Rate of Interest (ii)" 
Rate (i) 
(iii) 
"Rate of Interest (iii)" 
Leverage (i) * Rate (i) + Spread (i) 
(iv) 
"Rate of Interest (iv)" 
Leverage (i) * Reference Spread (i) + Spread (i) 
(v) 
"Rate of Interest (v)" 
Previous Interest (i) + Spread (i) 
(vi) 
"Rate of Interest (vi)" 
Previous Interest (i) + Leverage (i) * Reference Item Rate (i) + Spread (i) 
(vii) 
"Rate of Interest (vii)" 
Leverage (i) * Coupon Value (i) + Spread (i) 
(viii) 
"Rate of Interest (viii) - Call" 
(Insert the following if no cap or floor is applicable) 
Leverage * (Coupon Value (i) – Strike Percentage) 
(Insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * (Coupon Value (i) – Strike Percentage)] 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Leverage * (Coupon Value (i) – Strike Percentage)] 
(Insert the following if a cap and a floor is applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * (Coupon Value (i) – Strike 
Percentage)]] 
(ix) 
"Rate of Interest (ix) – Put"  
(Insert the following if no cap or floor is applicable) 
Leverage * (Strike Percentage - Coupon Value (i)) 
(Insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * (Strike Percentage – Coupon Value (i))]

--- Page 100 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
100 
 
 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Leverage * (Strike Percentage - Coupon Value (i))]] 
(Insert the following if a cap and a floor are applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * (Strike Percentage - Coupon Value 
(i))]] 
(x) 
"Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" 
(insert the following where interest accrual is calculated based on the number of days on 
which the Range Accrual Coupon Condition or Range Accrual Countdown Condition is 
satisfied) 
(insert the following if leverage and/or spread is applicable) 
  
(insert the following if no leverage and/or spread is applicable) 
Rate (i) * n/N  
(insert the following where interest accrual is calculated based on the number of days on 
which the Range Accrual Coupon Condition or Range Accrual Countdown Condition is 
satisfied but subtracting the number of days on which the Range Accrual Condition is not 
satisfied) 
  
(xi) 
"Rate of Interest (xi)  - Call Participation" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
[Coupon Value (i) * Leverage] [Min [Cap Percentage; Coupon Value (i) * Leverage]] 
[Max [Floor Percentage; Coupon Value (i) * Leverage]] [Max [Floor Percentage; Min 
[Cap Percentage; Coupon Value (i) * Leverage]]]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise,  
Zero. 
(xii) 
"Rate of Interest (xii) - Digital One Barrier" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[zero] 
(xiii) 
"Rate of Interest (xiii) - Digital One Barrier Standard" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest Period] 
[Constant Percentage[1]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from 
any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive]; 
or  
(B) 
Otherwise:  
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula 
from one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive); 
for the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this 
paragraph B may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph 
A]. 
(xiv) 
"Rate of Interest (xiv) - Strike Podium n Barriers"

--- Page 101 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
101 
 
 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest Period] 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Interest Rate Payout formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive)]; or 
(B) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] and Coupon Barrier Condition [1] is not satisfied 
in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][and was 
not satisfied in any previous Interest Period]:  
[Constant Percentage 2] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any 
one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive); for 
the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this paragraph 
B may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph A]; or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
zero] [Constant Percentage 3] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula 
from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" 
(inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for 
this paragraph C may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formulae for A and 
B respectively]. 
(The above provisions of paragraph B may be duplicated in case more than two 
Coupon Barrier Conditions apply) 
(xv) 
"Rate of Interest (xv) - Partial Memory" 
(A) 
If Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate (i) + SumRate (i) * Leverage (i); or 
(B) 
Otherwise, zero. 
(xvi) 
"Rate of Interest (xvi) - Memory" 
(A) 
If Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate(i) + SumRate(i); or 
(B) 
Otherwise, zero. 
(xvii) 
"Rate of Interest (xvii) - Call with Individual Caps" 
 
(xviii) 
"Rate of Interest (xviii) - Cappuccino" 
 
 
(xix) 
"Rate of Interest (xix) - Best Replace" 
(Insert the following if local floor is applicable) 
 
(Insert the following if local floor is not applicable) 
Max "MinCoupon(i); %&RIWeighting(k) * Max'FloorPercentage(i); Min[CapPercentage(i); CouponValue(i, k)]*+ – StrikePercentage(i)
𝐾
𝑘=1
0
+ ConstantPercentage(i) 
Max "MinCoupon(i); % (RIWeighting(k) * Max[FloorPercentage(i); CappuccinoBarrierValue(i, k)]) – StrikePercentage(i)
𝐾
𝑘=1
+
+ ConstantPercentage(i) 
 Max !MinCoupon(i);$(RIWeighting(k) * Max[FloorPercentage(i); ModifiedValue(i, k)]) – StrikePercentage(i)
K
k=1
'

--- Page 102 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
102 
 
 
 
(xx) 
"Rate of Interest (xx) - Cliquet" 
 
(xxi) 
"Rate of Interest (xxi) - Cliquet Digital" 
(A) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is greater than Constant Percentage 1: 
Cliquet Digital Performance; or 
(B) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is greater than or equal to Constant Percentage 2 and is 
less than or equal to Constant Percentage 1: 
Constant Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is less than Constant Percentage 2: 
Constant Percentage 2. 
(xxii) 
"Rate of Interest (xxii) - Cliquet Digital Lock in" 
 
(xxiii) 
"Rate of Interest (xxiii) - Digital Coupon One Dual Condition" 
(A) 
If Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest Period]: 
Rate A (i); or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
Rate B (i). 
(xxiv) 
"Rate of Interest (xxiv) - Digital Coupon Two Dual Conditions" 
(A) 
If Digital Coupon Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest Period]: 
Rate A (i); or 
(B) 
If Digital Coupon Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was not satisfied in any previous Interest 
Period], but Digital Coupon Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of such [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate B (i); or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
Rate C (i). 
(xxv) 
"Rate of Interest (xxv) – TARN" 
(A) 
In respect of each Interest Period other than the Target Final Interest Period: 
[select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any one of "Rate of Interest 
(i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive)]; and 
(B) 
In respect of the Target Final Interest Period and provided that an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has not occurred: 
Final Interest Rate. 
(xxvi) 
"Rate of Interest (xxvi) – Ratchet" 
 Max !MinCoupon(i);$ (RIWeighting(k) ∗ (ModifiedValue(i, k) – StrikePercentage(i))
K
k=1
( 
Max!"(Max [FloorPercentage(i);Min[CapPercentage(i);CouponValue(i)]]) – StrikePercentage, FloorPercentage 1
T
i=1
&
 Max!FloorLockin;"#Max$FloorPercentage(i); Min[CapPercentage(i); CouponValue(i)])* – StrikePercentage; FloorPercentage1
T
i=1
+

--- Page 103 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
103 
 
 
 
(xxvii) "Rate of Interest (xxvii) – Multiplier" 
(insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage, Multiplier Number * Constant 
Percentage]] 
(insert the following if a cap is not applicable) 
Max [Floor Percentage, Multiplier Number * Constant Percentage 2] 
(xxviii) "Rate of Interest (xxviii) - Count Barrier Condition" 
(A) 
If, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], the 
Count Barrier Condition has been satisfied on [specify][or more][or less] Observation 
Dates in respect of such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage [1] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from 
any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive)]; 
or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]][select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula 
from one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive); 
for the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this 
paragraph (B) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph 
(A)] 
(xxix) 
"Rate of Interest (xxix) - Podium" 
Rate(n) 
(xxx) 
"Rate of Interest (xxx) - Compensation" 
(A) 
If, in respect of the [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] 
falling on i=[specify [and i=[specify]], the Calculation Agent determines that the sum 
of the Rate of Interest "(specify name of the applicable Rate of Interest)" above for 
such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] [and the [specify] 
preceding [ST Coupon Valuation Dates][ST Coupon Valuation Periods]] is 
[zero][specify percentage] then for each such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period] the Rate of Interest shall be: 
[Constant Percentage [1] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from 
any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive)]; 
or  
(B) 
Otherwise, for each such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] 
the Rate of Interest shall be: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]][select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula 
from one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive); 
for the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this 
paragraph B may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph 
A] 
(xxxi) 
"Rate of Interest (xxxi) - Dual Currency Digital Coupon" 
(A) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest Period] 
[Constant Percentage[1]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from 
any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive]; 
or  
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Previous Interest(i); Rate(i)]

--- Page 104 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
104 
 
 
(B) 
Otherwise:  
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula 
from one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" (inclusive); 
for the avoidance of doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this 
paragraph (B) may be different from the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph 
(A)] [and the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions] [and the SER Intermediate 
Currency Requirements] shall apply with respect to the payment of the corresponding 
Interest Amount]. 
(xxxii) "Rate of Interest (xxxii) - Partial Consolidation" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied for the first time in respect of a [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]:  
Rate (i); or  
(B) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition was satisfied in any previous Interest Period: 
Leverage * Rate (i); or 
(C) 
Otherwise:              
[zero][Constant Percentage] 
(xxxiii) "Rate of Interest (xxxiii) - Ulises" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied for the first time in respect of a [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date]: 
Rate (i) * n; or 
(B) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition was satisfied in any previous Interest Period: 
Leverage * Rate (i); or 
(C) 
Otherwise:              
[zero][Constant Percentage] 
(xxxiv) "Rate of Interest (xxxiv) – Leonidas Range Accrual" 
[Min [Max [Floor Percentage(i), Leonidas Coupon (i),], Cap Percentage(i)] 
(xxxv) "Rate of Interest (xxxv) – Leonidas" 
[Min [Max [Floor Percentage(i), Leonidas Rate (i),], Cap Percentage(i)] 
(xxxvi) "Rate of Interest (xxxvi) – Branch" 
(insert if a cap is applicable ) 
 
Min [Max [BranchA(i), Branch B(i)]; Cap Percentage(i)] 
(insert if a floor is applicable)  
 
Max [Min [BranchA(i),Branch B(i)];  Floor Percentage(i)] 
(xxxvii) "Rate of Interest (xxxvii) – Multiple Reverse" 
[Min [Max [Floor Percentage(i). Constant Percent(i) - Leverage (i) *(Highest Basket Closing 
Value(i) - Lowest Basket Closing Value(i)], Cap Percentage(i)] 
(xxxviii) "Rate of Interest (xxxviii) – Growth & Income" 
(A) 
In respect of each Interest Period other than the Final Interest Period: 
a.     If Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation 
Date: 
Constant Percentage; or 
b.     Otherwise: 
zero

--- Page 105 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
105 
 
 
(B) 
In respect of the Final Interest Period only: 
Max [0%; Performance – Previous Coupon Percentage] 
2.2 
Final Payouts Formula(e) 
For insertion and completion into Paragraph 30 (Final Payout) in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
"Redemption (i)" 
Constant Percentage + FR Value  
(ii) 
"Redemption (ii) – Call" 
(Insert the following if no cap or floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * (FR Value – Strike Percentage) 
(Insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Max [Floor Percentage; (FR Value - Strike Percentage)] 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Min [Cap Percentage; (FR Value – Strike Percentage)] 
(Insert the following if a cap and a floor are applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; (FR Value – 
Strike Percentage)]] 
(Insert if a call and a put are applicable) 
Constant Percentage + (Leverage 1 * (Min [Cap Percentage 1; Max [Floor Percentage 1; 
Leverage 2 * FR Value - Strike Percentage 1]])) + (Leverage 3 * (Min [Cap Percentage 2; 
Max [Floor Percentage 2; Strike Percentage 2 – Leverage 4 * FR Value]]))  
(iii) 
"Redemption (iii) – Put" 
(Insert the following if no cap or floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage *  (Strike Percentage – FR Value) 
(Insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Max [Floor Percentage; (Strike Percentage – FR Value)] 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Min [Cap Percentage; (Strike Percentage – FR Value)] 
(Insert the following if a cap and a floor are applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; (Strike 
Percentage – FR Value)]] 
(iv) 
"Redemption (iv) - Digital" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph B may be different from the 
Final Payout Formula for paragraph A][no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply].

--- Page 106 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
106 
 
 
(v) 
"Redemption (v) - Digital with Knock-in" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected final payout formula for this paragraph B may be different from the final 
payout formula for paragraph A)[no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(vi) 
"Redemption (vi) - Strike Podium n Conditions" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition [1] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and Final Redemption Condition 
[1] is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation Period][[and [no][a] Knock-in Event has occurred]: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph B may be different from the 
Final Payout Formula for paragraph A][no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 3][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph C may be different from the 
Final Payout Formula for any of the preceding paragraphs][no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(The above provisions of B may be duplicated in case more than two Final 
Redemption Conditions apply) 
(vii) 
"Redemption (vii) – Knock-in" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred:  
100 per cent; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred:  
[FR Value] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply]. 
(viii) 
"Redemption (viii) – Knock-in Standard" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred:

--- Page 107 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
107 
 
 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)] [no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred:  
[Min [Constant Percentage 2; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 2] [Max [Floor 
Percentage; 100 per cent. - Leverage * Max [0 per cent; Strike Percentage + 
Leverage 2 * FR Value]]] [select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different 
from the Final Payout Formula for paragraph (A)][no Final Redemption Amount 
will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(ix) 
"Redemption (ix) - Knock-in Put Leverage" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred:  
100 per cent.; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred:  
[Max [Floor Percentage; Constant Percentage Leverage * (Strike Percentage – FR 
Value)]] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply] 
(x) 
"Redemption (x) – Barrier and Knock-in Standard" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[100 per cent. + FR Additional Rate][select and insert the Final Payout Formula 
from any one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of  
"Redemption (i) to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the 
Final Payout Formula for paragraph (A)][no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or  
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage 2; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 2] [Max [Floor 
Percentage; 100 per cent. - Leverage * Max [0 per cent; Strike Percentage + 
Leverage 2 * FR Value]]] [select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (C) may be different 
from the Final Payout Formula for any of the preceding paragraphs][no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(xi) 
"Redemption (xi) – Barrier and Knock-in" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred:

--- Page 108 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
108 
 
 
[Constant Percentage 2]; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
 [FR Value][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply]. 
(xii) 
"Redemption (xii) – Barrier and Knock-in Put Leverage" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 2]; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
[Max [Floor Percentage; Constant Percentage - Leverage *  (Strike Percentage – FR 
Value)]] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply] 
(xiii) 
"Redemption (xiii) - Twin Win" 
(Insert the following if a cap is not applicable) 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Max [Floor Percentage 1; Leverage 1 * (FR Value - Strike 
Percentage 1)]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 +  Max [Leverage 2 * (Strike Percentage 2 - FR Value); Floor 
Percentage 2)]; or  
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage 3; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 3][select and insert 
the Final Payout Formula from any one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – 
Put" (inclusive)] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical 
Delivery will apply]. 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Min [Cap Percentage 1; Max [Floor Percentage 1; Leverage 
1 * (FR Value - Strike Percentage 1)]]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred:

--- Page 109 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
109 
 
 
Constant Percentage 2 + Min [Cap Percentage 2; Max [Leverage 2 * (Strike 
Percentage 2 - FR Value); Floor Percentage 2]]; or  
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage 3; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 3][select and insert 
the Final Payout Formula from any one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – 
Put" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery 
will apply]. 
(xiv) 
"Redemption (xiv) - Himalaya" 
 
(xv) 
"Redemption (xv) - Booster" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Redemption 
Valuation Date[in the][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Max [0 per cent; Booster Percentage * (FR Value – Strike 
Percentage)]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][in the][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][in the] [ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has 
occurred: 
Min [Constant Percentage 3; FR Value] [no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply] 
(xvi) 
"Redemption (xvi) - Bonus" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Max [Bonus Percentage; Leverage (FR Value –Strike 
Percentage)]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[FR Value][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply] 
(xvii) 
"Redemption (xvii) - Dual Currency Digital" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period][and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt 
the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph B may be different from the 
Final Payout Formula for paragraph A) [and the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions] [and the SER Intermediate Currency Requirements] shall apply with 
respect to the payment of the Final Redemption Amount[.][ which, for the avoidance 
of doubt shall be an amount equal to [specify currency and amount] per Calculation 
Amount]]. 
ConstantPercentage1 + Leverage*Max "
1
TotalM* # Max[BestLockValue(i) −StrikePercentage(i); Local Floor Percentage(i)]; 0
M
i=1
)

--- Page 110 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
110 
 
 
(xviii) 
"Redemption (xviii) - Count Barrier Condition" 
(A) 
If, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation 
Period], the Count Barrier Condition has been satisfied on [specify][or more][or less] 
Observation Dates in respect of such [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST 
Redemption Valuation Period], 
[Constant Percentage [1] [select and insert the Final Payout Formula  from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; ]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [[select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any 
one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different 
from the Final Payout Formula for paragraph (A)][no Final Redemption Amount 
will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply] 
(The above provisions of (A) may be duplicated) 
(xix) 
"Redemption (xix) Accumulation" 
 
(xx) 
"Redemption (xx) - Range Accrual" 
Max [100 per cent + [(Constant Percentage 1 * (n/N)) – (Constant Percentage 2 * ((N–n)/N))]; 0 per 
cent] 
(xxi) 
"Redemption (xxi) –Twin Win with Knock-out Event capital protected" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
100 per cent + Max [0 per cent, Max [Leverage 1 * (FR Value – Strike Percentage 1), 
Leverage 2 * (Strike Percentage 2 – FR Value]]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
100 per cent. 
(xxii) 
"Redemption (xxii) – Twin Win with Knock-out Barriers capital at risk" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
100 per cent + Max [0 per cent, Max [FR Value – Strike Percentage 1, Strike 
Percentage 2 – FR Value]]; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred and Final Redemption Condition 1 is satisfied in 
respect of a ST Redemption Valuation Date: 
100 per cent – Min [Cap Percentage; Max [0 per cent; FR Value – Strike Percentage 
1]]; or 
(C) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred, Final Redemption Condition 2 is satisfied in 
respect of a ST Redemption Valuation Date and Final Redemption Condition 1 is not 
satisfied in respect of a ST Redemption Valuation Date: 
100 per cent – Min [Floor Percentage; Max [0 per cent; Strike Percentage 2 - FR 
Value]]; or 
(D) 
Otherwise: 
100 per cent. 
3. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amounts 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs, then:

--- Page 111 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
111 
 
 
For insertion into Paragraph 31 (iii) (Automatic Early Redemption Amount): 
(i) 
If ST Automatic Early Redemption is specified in the Final Terms, then any of the two 
following formula shall be inserted and completed in Automatic Early Redemption Amount: 
(A) 
 
(B) 
(i) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Calculation Amount * [Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(ii) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Calculation Amount * [Min [Constant Percentage 2; Leverage * FR Value] 
(ii) 
If Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified in the Final Terms, the following formula 
shall be inserted and completed in the Automatic Early Redemption Amount: 
 
4. 
Entitlement Amounts for Physical Delivery 
[For insertion into item 45(i) of the Final Terms (Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery – 
Entitlement Amount).] 
(Insert if one Reference Item is specified as Relevant Asset in item 45(ii)) 
 
(insert if more than one Reference Item is specified as Relevant Asset in item 45(ii)) 
1/K * 
 
The Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the nearest unit of each Relevant Asset capable of 
being delivered (the "Equity Element") and in lieu thereof the Issuer will pay a residual amount (the 
"Residual Amount") equal to: 
 
5. 
Definitions 
5.1 
General Definitions 
"AER Additional Rate" means, in respect of a [ST AER Valuation Date] or [ST AER Valuation Period], [the 
AER Rate][AER Rate DCF][AER Rate MT][AER Value][AER Reference Item Rate]. 
"AER Percentage" means [specify] per cent. 
"AER Rate" means [specify rate]. 
"AER Rate DCF" means a percentage calculated as the product of the AER Rate and the applicable Day Count 
Fraction. 
"AER Rate MT" means the product of (a) [specify rate] and (b) the number of [Interest Periods][ST Valuation 
Dates][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates] from the Issue Date to [and including][but excluding] the 
[Interest Period in which the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls][the date of the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date]. 
"AER Reference Item Rate" means [specify floating rate]. 
"AER Value" means in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]] to (k[=[specify]])] [specify value from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Barrier[1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number or rate of exchange]. 
"Barrier Percentage Strike Price" means [specify percentage]. 
"Barrier Value" means, in respect of a [Observation Date][ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period], [and in 
respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout 
Condition 5.2]. (repeat as necessary)  
Calculation Amount * (AER Percentage + AER Additional Rate) 
Calculation Amount * (100% + Final Interest Rate); 
Calculation Amount / (Constant Percentage * Performing RI Strike Price * FX)
Calculation Amount / (Constant Percentage * Performing RI Strike Price * FX)
(Entitlement Amount −Equity Element) * Physical Delivery Price * FX

--- Page 112 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
112 
 
 
"Basket" means: (a) if the relevant Reference Items are Indices, the Basket of Indices (as defined in the Index 
Linked Conditions) as specified in the Final Terms; (b) if the relevant Reference Items are Shares, the Basket of 
Shares (as defined in the Equity Linked Conditions) as specified in the Final Terms; (c) if the relevant Reference 
Item are Inflation Indices, a basket composed of each Inflation Index specified in the Final Terms (d) if the 
relevant Reference Items are ETF Shares, the ETF Basket (as defined in the ETF Linked Conditions) (e) if the 
relevant Reference Item are Fund Shares, the Fund Basket (as defined in the Fund Linked Conditions) as 
specified in the Final Terms; (f) if the relevant Reference Item are Subject Currencies, a basket composed of 
each Subject Currency specified in the Final Terms; and (g) in the case of Reference Items which are Shares, 
ETFs and/or Indices, where applicable, a basket of Shares, ETFs and/or Indices, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in each case subject to Weightings. 
"Basket Ranking" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the ranking of each Basket by Basket Value from 
highest Basket Value to lowest Basket Value in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Best Lock Value(i)" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [or ST Valuation Period], the highest RI Value 
on such [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] of the Reference Item(s) in Himalaya Basket(i). 
"Best Replace Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Bonus Percentage" means [specify percentage].  
"Booster Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Branch A (i)" means in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
[Leverage 1(i)* Previous Interest(i)+Constant Percentage 1(i)+Basket Closing Value A(i)] 
"Branch B (i)" means in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
[Leverage 2(i)*Previous Interest(i)+Constant Percentage 2(i)+Basket Closing Value B(i)] 
"Cap Percentage[1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Cappuccino Barrier Value" means in respect of a Reference Item: 
(i) 
if in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] the Cappuccino 
Barrier Condition is satisfied, Cap Percentage(i);  
(ii) 
otherwise, Coupon Barrier Value(i,k). 
"Cliquet Digital Performance" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
 
"Constant Percentage[1][2][3][4]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Coupon Barrier[1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number or rate of exchange]. 
"Coupon Barrier Value" means, in respect of a [Observation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon 
Valuation Period], [and in respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify 
defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. (repeat as necessary)  
"Coupon Lock in" means: 
 
"Coupon Value" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] [and in 
respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout 
Condition 5.2]  
"Current Interest Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Interest 
Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls. 
"Final Coupon Rate" means the Rate of Interest calculated in respect of the [Current Interest Period][Target 
Final Interest Period] (the "Final Interest Period") 
"Final Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction applicable to the Final Interest Period. 
! Max[FloorPercentage(i); Min[CapPercentage(i); CouponValue(i)]
t
i=1
] 
 
T
Max
t=1
!" Max[FloorPercentage(i); Min[CapPercentage(i); CouponValue(i)]]
t
i=1
#

--- Page 113 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
113 
 
 
"Final Interest Rate" means (insert one of the following)[specify][zero] 
(If capped and guaranteed:) [the AER Percentage][Target Coupon Percentage] less Paid Coupon 
Percentage.] 
(If not capped or guaranteed:) [the Final Coupon Rate multiplied by the Final Day Count Fraction.] 
(If capped only:) [Min [Final Coupon Rate * Final Day Count Fraction; [AER Percentage][Target 
Coupon Percentage] - Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
(If guaranteed only:) [Max [Final Coupon Rate * Final Day Count Fraction; [AER Percentage][Target 
Coupon Percentage] - Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
"Final Redemption Condition Level [1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number or rate of 
exchange]. 
"Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of 
[each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Floor Lock in" means Constant Percentage [1] multiplied by the integer number resulting from the quotient of 
the Coupon Lock in and Constant Percentage [1]. 
"Floor Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Additional Rate" means [FR Rate][FR MT up Rate][FR Rate DCF][FR Rate MT]. 
"FR MT up Rate" means:  
(insert if cap is applicable)  
[Min [Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * (FR Value - Strike Percentage)]; Cap Percentage] + Constant 
Percentage]. 
(insert if cap is not applicable)  
[Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * (FR Value - Strike Percentage)] + Constant Percentage]. 
"FR Rate" means [specify rate]. 
"FR Rate DCF" means a percentage calculated as the product of the FR Rate and the applicable Day Count 
Fraction. 
"FR Rate MT" means the product of (a) [specify rate] and (b) the number of [Interest Periods][ST Valuation 
Dates] from and including the Issue Date to [and including][but excluding] the [Interest Period in which the 
relevant ST Valuation Date falls][date of the relevant ST Valuation Date]. 
"FR Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date]  [ST Valuation Period][and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"FX" is the relevant RI FX Level(i) on the relevant ST Valuation Date [or if that is not a Business Day the 
immediately succeeding Business Day.] 
"Himalaya Basket(i)" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date(i), a Basket comprising each Reference Item in 
Himalaya Basket(i-1) but excluding the Reference Item in relation to Best Lock Value(i-1). 
"K" means [specify number], being the total number of Reference Items in the Basket. 
"Knock-in Value" in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] , [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Knock-out Value" in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] , [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Ladder Percentage [1][2][3]" means  [specify percentage] 
"Ladder Value" means in respect of an Observation Date: 
(i) 
If, in respect of an Observation Date, Ladder Condition 1 is satisfied, Ladder Percentage 1 
(ii) 
If, in respect of an Observation Date, Ladder Condition 1 is not satisfied but Ladder Condition 
2 is satisfied, Ladder Percentage 2 
(iii) 
Otherwise, Ladder Percentage 3

--- Page 114 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
114 
 
 
(the above provision (ii) may be deleted in case that only one Ladder Condition applies) 
"Leonidas Coupon (i-1)" means in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the Leonidas Coupon (i) 
determined on the ST Coupon Valuation Date immediately preceding such ST Coupon Valuation Date or, in 
respect of the first ST Coupon Valuation Date, zero. 
"Leonidas Coupon(i)" means in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date 
(insert if Leonidas Coupon is determined considering the Previous Interest included in the rate calculated on 
the number of days on which the range accrual coupon condition is satisfied) 
Leverage 1 * Rate (i) + Spread(i) + [Leverage 2(i) * Previous Interest (i) + Range-In Leverage(i) * Rate (i) + 
Range-in Spread(i)]* n/N + [Range-Out Leverage(i) * Rate (i) + Range-Out Spread(i)]* (N-n)/N 
(insert if Leonidas Coupon is determined considering the previous Leonidas Coupon) 
Leverage 1(i) * Rate(i) + Spread(i)  + [Leverage 2(i) * Leonidas Coupon  (i-1) + Range-In Leverage(i) * Rate(i) 
+ Range-In Spread(i) ) +]* n/N + [Range-Out Leverage(i) * Rate (i) + Range-Out Spread(i)]* (N-n)/N 
(insert if Leonidas Coupon is determined considering Previous Interest regardless of the number of days on 
which the range accrual coupon condition is satisfied) 
Leverage 1(i) * Rate(i)+ Spread(i) +  Leverage 2(i) * Previous Interest  + [Range-in Leverage * Rate(i) + 
Range-in Spread]* n/N + [Range-Out Leverage * Rate (i) + Range-Out Spread]* (N-n)/N  
(insert if Leonidas Coupon is determined considering Previous Leonidas Coupon regardless of the number of 
days on which the range accrual coupon condition is satisfied) 
Leverage 1(i)  * Rate(i) + Spread(i) + Leverage 2(i)* Leonidas Coupon (i-1) + [ Range-in Leverage(i) * Rate(i) 
+ Range-in Spread(i)]* n/N + [Range-Out Leverage(i) * Rate (i) + Range-Out Spread(i)]* (N-n)/N 
"Leonidas Rate(i)" means in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
Leverage 1(i)  * Previous Interest (i)  + ABS Value(i) + Spread (i)+ Slope Participation 1 (i)* Slope 1 (i) + 
Slope Participation 2(i) * Slope 2 (i)  
"Leverage [1][2][3][4]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Local Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Lower Coupon Barrier  [1][2][3][4][n]" means [specify percentage] 
"M" means a series of ST Valuation Dates or ST Valuation Periods. 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the amounts separated 
by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the amounts separated 
by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min Coupon" means [specify percentage].  
"Modified Value(i,k)" means: 
(i) 
if the Coupon Value(i,k) is one of the nfixed greatest value in the basket of the Reference 
Items, the Best Replace Percentage; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, Coupon Value(i,k). 
"Multiplier Level" means [specify percentage]. 
"Multiplier Number" shall be the number of Observation Dates, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST 
Valuation Period], that the Multiplier Condition is satisfied. 
"Multiplier Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period, [specify defined term 
from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"n" means: 
(a) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xxxiii) - Ulises", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the number 
of ST Coupon Valuation Dates (in the period from the Issue Date to and including such ST Coupon Valuation 
Date);

--- Page 115 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
115 
 
 
(b) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the 
number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the [Range Accrual Coupon 
Condition][Range Accrual Countdown Condition][Basket Range Accrual Coupon Condition]  is satisfied; 
(c) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (xxxiv) - Leonidas Range Accrual", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation 
Date, the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the Basket Range Accrual 
Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
(d) 
in respect of "Redemption (xx) – Range Accrual", in respect of the ST Redemption Valuation Date, the 
number of Range Accrual Days in the Range Period on which the Range Accrual Final Redemption Condition is 
satisfied. 
"N" means:  
(a) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest (x) Range Accrual", for each ST Coupon Valuation Date, the total 
number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period; and 
(b) 
In respect of "Redemption (xx) – Range Accrual", for ST Redemption Valuation Date, the total number 
of Range Accrual Days in the Range Period. 
"nfixed" means [specify number]. 
"Observation Level [1][2]" means [specify amount or percentage or number or rate of exchange]. 
"Observation Value" means in respect of an Observation Date, [specify defined term from Payout Condition 
5.2]. 
"Option FX": If Option FX is specified as applicable in respect of any Interest Formula(e) in the Final Terms, 
the RI FX Rate will be applied to the calculation of the relevant payout formula as further specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Paid Coupon Percentage" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Target 
Determination Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of (i) the Rate of 
Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case for such Interest Period preceding the Current Interest 
Period (in the case of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date) or the Target Final Interest Period (in the 
case of a Target Determination Date). 
"Physical Delivery Price" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, [and in respect of each Reference Item in 
the Basket] the RI Closing Value in respect of [such][the] Reference Item [with the] [Worst Value][Best 
Value][Ranked Value][on such ST Valuation Date]. 
"Previous Coupon Percentage" means, in respect of the ST Coupon Valuation Date in respect of the Final 
Interest Period, the sum of all previous Rate of Interest calculated for each ST Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Previous Interest" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the Rate of Interest determined on the 
ST Coupon Valuation Date immediately preceding such ST Coupon Valuation Date or, in respect of the first ST 
Coupon Valuation Date, zero. 
"RA Barrier [1][2][3][4]" means in respect of a Reference Item, [specify percentage]. 
"RA Barrier Value" means, [specify value from Payout Condition 5.2][in respect of an ST Coupon Valuation 
Date and a Reference Item, the [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2][the Reference Spread].] 
"Range-In Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Range-In Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"Range-Out Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Range-Out Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"Ranked Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Item, the percentage specified for the ordinal positioning 
of the Reference Item in the Ranking. 
"Ranking" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the ranking of each Reference Item by RI Value from 
highest RI Value to lowest RI Value in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Rate [A][B][C]" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], [specify 
fixed rate][specify floating rate determined on the basis set out in item 18 of the Final Terms][Inflation Rate].

--- Page 116 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
116 
 
 
"Rate(n)" (from n=1 to n=N) means in respect of "Rate of Interest (xxix) – Podium" on any ST Coupon 
Valuation Date, the rate specified in the Final Terms and associated with the number of Reference Items (from 
n=1 to n=N) in the Basket for which the Podium Condition is satisfied on the relevant ST Coupon Valuation 
Date. 
"Redemption Barrier[1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number or rate of exchange]. 
"Redemption Barrier Value" means in respect of a ST Redemption Valuation Date] [ST Redemption 
Valuation Period] [Observation Date][, [and in respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to 
(k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2] (repeat as necessary) 
"Reference Item [1][2]….[N]" means the asset or reference basis specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Item Rate" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, or a ST Valuation Period, the relevant Rate of 
Interest determined pursuant to General Condition 4(b) and on the basis of item 27 and/or item 42 of the Final 
Terms, as applicable. For this purpose, references in Condition 4(b) to the applicable Rate of Interest being 
determined for each Interest Period shall be construed to be to such Rate of Interest being determined for the 
applicable ST Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period. The notification requirements set out in Condition 
4(b)(viii) shall not apply where the Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is determined by reference to a 
Reference Item Rate only. 
"Reference Spread [1][2]" means Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item Rate [1][2]. (NB Complete 
Reference Item Rates 1 and 2 to reflect Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination for relevant CMS 
Rates. Repeat for further Reference Spread(s) as necessary) 
"Slope 1" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
Max[0; Slope Percentage 1(i) + Basket Closing Value B] 
"Slope 2" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
Max[0; Slope Percentage 2(i) + Basket Closing Value C] 
"Slope Participation [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Slope Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"Strike Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"SumRate" means, in respect of each ST Coupon Valuation Date, the sum of all previous rates for each ST 
Coupon Valuation Date since (but not including) the last occurring date on which the relevant Barrier Count 
Condition was satisfied (or if none the Issue Date). 
"T" means: [specify number], being the total number of [ST Coupon Valuation Dates][Observation Dates] from 
and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Target Coupon Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Total M" means: [specify number] being the total number of [ST Valuation Dates][ST Valuation Periods] for 
the Notes. 
"Upper Coupon Barrier [1][2][3]4][n]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify number, amount or percentage in relation to each 
Reference Item comprising the Basket]. 
5.2 
Value Definitions 
"ABS Value" means in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] the absolute value of [the] 
[Basket Closing Value [A]][Performance][Basket Performance][Worst Performance][Basket Value]. 
"Accumulated Coupon" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each 
Interest Period including the Current Interest Period as [the product of (i)] [each Rate of Interest [and (ii) the 
Day Count Fraction]], in each case for such Interest Period. 
"Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Basket 
Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period.

--- Page 117 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
117 
 
 
"Average Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Best Values on 
each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Rainbow 
Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Worst Values 
on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Barrier Count Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], the number of times 
the Count Barrier Condition has been satisfied, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Barrier Initial Price" means a price equal to the product of (x) the RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on 
the [Strike Date][Initial Calculation Date] and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price.  
"Barrier Initial Maximum Price" means a price equal to the product of (x) the greatest RI Closing Value for a 
Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation 
Period] and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
"Barrier Initial Minimum Price" means an amount equal to the product of (x) the lowest RI Closing Value for 
such Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation 
Period] and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
"Barrier Initial Average Price" means an amount equal to the product of (x) the arithmetic average of the RI 
Closing Values for a Reference Item on each [Strike Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the 
Initial Calculation Period] and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
"Basket Closing Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference Item(s) [from 
(k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference Item in the Basket as (a) 
the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the 
relevant Weighting. 
"Basket Performance" means in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference Item(s) [from 
(k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], (a) the Basket Value [A][B] in respect of such ST Valuation Date minus (b) 
100 per cent. 
"Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference Item(s) [from 
(k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference Item in the Basket as (a) 
the [RI Value][RI Capped Value][RI Floored Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date multiplied by (b) the relevant Weighting. 
"Basket Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date [and any time at which a value for all the 
Reference Items in the Basket is calculated], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference Item in the 
Basket at such time as (a) the RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item is calculated in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant Weighting. 
"Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Intraday Value for the Reference 
Item(s) with the highest or equal highest RI Intraday Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of 
such ST Valuation Date. 
"Best Performance" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Performance for the Reference Item(s) with 
the highest or equal highest Performance for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date.  
"Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for the Reference Item(s) with the highest 
or equal highest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"FX Average Level" means the arithmetic average of the RI FX Levels for a Reference Item on each [Strike 
Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
"FX Closing Level" means the RI FX Level for a Reference Item on the [Strike Date][Initial Calculation Date]. 
"FX Maximum Level" means the greatest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike 
Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
"FX Minimum Level" means the lowest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike 
Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period].

--- Page 118 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
118 
 
 
"FX Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and any day either: (i) the RI FX Level for such day divided 
by the RI FX Strike Level or (ii) the RI FX Strike Level divided by the RI FX Level for such day, as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Highest Basket Closing Value" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Period, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Reference Item in the Basket as (a) the Highest RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in 
respect of such ST Coupon Valuation Period multiplied by (b) the relevant Weighting. 
"Highest Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Basket Value 
on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Best 
Intraday Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Best Value on 
any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Rainbow 
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest RI Closing Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Coupon Valuation Period, the 
highest or equal highest RI Closing Value for such Reference Item on any ST Coupon Valuation Date in such 
ST Coupon Valuation Period. 
"Highest RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the highest or 
equal highest RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation 
Period. 
"Highest RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal 
highest RI Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Worst Value 
on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Inflation Rate" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period][specify defined term from 
Payout Condition 5.2 for a Reference Item which is an Inflation Index]. 
"Initial Average Price" means for a Reference Item, the arithmetic average of the RI Closing Value for a 
Reference Item on each [Strike Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation 
Period]. 
"Initial Closing Price" means the RI Closing Value of a Reference Item on [the Strike Date][the Initial 
Calculation Date]. 
"Initial Maximum Price" means the highest RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the 
Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
"Initial Minimum Price" means the lowest RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the 
Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of an Index and subject to the Index Linked Conditions, an amount equal to 
the level of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent at any relevant time during the regular trading 
session hours of the relevant Exchanges, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular 
trading session hours, on the relevant ST Valuation Date [multiplied by the FX Value] 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of (i) a Share or an ETF Share or a Fund Share and subject to the Equity 
Linked Conditions or the ETF Linked Conditions or the Fund Linked Conditions, as applicable, an amount 
equal to the price of such Share or ETF Share or Fund Share quoted on the relevant Exchange as determined by 
the Calculation Agent at any relevant time during the regular trading session hours of the relevant Exchange, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours, on the relevant ST 
Valuation Date [multiplied by the FX Value]; and (ii) a Subject Currency and subject to the Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Conditions, a rate determined by reference to the definition of Settlement Price in the Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Conditions by the Calculation Agent and for such purpose the applicable Valuation Time shall 
be any relevant time on the relevant ST Valuation Date.  
"Inverse Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, (a) the RI Inverse 
Value in respect of such day minus (b) 100 per cent. [and multiplied by (c) the FX Value].

--- Page 119 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
119 
 
 
"Lowest Basket Closing Value" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Period, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Reference Item in the Basket as (a) the Lowest RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in 
respect of such ST Coupon Valuation Period multiplied by (b) the relevant Weighting. 
"Lowest Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Basket Value on 
any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Best Value on any 
ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Rainbow 
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Closing Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Coupon Valuation Period, the 
lowest or equal lowest RI Closing Value for such Reference Item on any ST Coupon Valuation Date in such 
Coupon Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or 
equal lowest RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest 
RI Value for such Reference Item for all the ST Valuation Dates in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest Worst Intraday Value 
on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Worst Value on 
any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, (a) the RI Value for such 
Reference Item in respect of such day minus (b) 100 per cent. [, and multiplied by (c) the FX Value]. 
"Performance Difference" means in respect of a ST Valuation Date, [the Performance for Reference 
Item (k[=[specify]])] [Basket Performance [A]] in respect of such ST Valuation Date minus 
[the Performance for Reference Item (k[=[specify]])][Basket Performance [B]] in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date. 
"Performing RI Strike Price" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date [and in respect of each Reference Item 
in the Basket], the RI Initial Value in respect of [such][the] Reference Item [with the][Worst Value][Best 
Value][Ranked Value] [on such ST Valuation Date]. 
"Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each 
Reference Item in the Basket as (a) the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date 
multiplied by (b) the relevant Ranked Weighting. 
"Ranked Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Basket Value in respect of the Basket 
with the [first][second][specify] ordinal positioning in the Basket Ranking in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value in respect of the Reference Item with 
the [first][second][specify] ordinal positioning in the Ranking in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Restrike Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date (a) (i) the RI Closing 
Value for such Reference Item in respect of such day divided by (ii) the RI Closing Value for such Reference 
Item in respect of the immediately preceding ST Valuation Date or if none, the [Strike Date][Initial Calculation 
Date] (b) less 100 per cent.[, and multiplied by (c) the FX Value] 
"RI Average Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] the arithmetic 
average of the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of each [set of] Averaging Date[s] specified 
in relation to such ST Valuation Date [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
"RI Capped Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the lowest or equal lowest 
value between the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date and a Cap 
Percentage. 
"RI Closing Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Index, the Settlement Level (as defined in the Index 
Linked Conditions);

--- Page 120 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
120 
 
 
(ii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share, the Settlement Price (as defined in the Equity Linked 
Conditions); 
(iii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level (as defined in the 
Inflation Linked Conditions);  
(iv) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Exchange Traded Fund, the Settlement Price of the ETF 
Share (as defined in the ETF Linked Conditions); 
(v) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share (as defined in the Fund 
Linked Conditions); 
(vi) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Subject Currency, the Settlement Price (as defined in the 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions);  
(vii) 
[if the relevant Reference Item is a rate of interest, the Reference Item Rate;] and/or 
(viii) 
[if the relevant Reference Item is a Reference Spread, the Reference Spread,]  
in each case on such ST Valuation Date. 
"RI Floored Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date,  the highest or equal 
highest value between the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date and a Floor  
Percentage.  
"RI FX Level" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, and for the purpose of converting an amount in 
respect of a Reference Item into the Specified Notes Currency, [(include relevant rate or page/service and, if 
applicable, observation time)[(or any successor to such page or service)] [the Settlement Exchange Rate on the 
RI FX Observation Date immediately following such ST Valuation Date.] [the FX rate determined as set out in 
item 26 in the Final Terms] [or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the RI FX Level from such 
source, the RI FX Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the rate it determines would have 
prevailed but for such impracticability, by reference to any such source(s) and/or any information that the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.] 
"RI FX Rate" means (i) the RI FX Level, (ii) the FX Value or (iii) the number, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms 
"RI FX Strike Level" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify rate][FX Closing Level][FX Maximum 
Level][FX Minimum Level][FX Average Level]. 
"RI Growing Average Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the arithmetic 
average of [(a)][i)] the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of each Averaging Date[s] specified 
in relation to such ST Valuation Date on which the RI Closing Value is [equal to or][higher than] the RI Closing 
Value in respect of the immediately preceding Averaging Date or if none, the RI Initial Value, divided by [ii] 
the relevant RI Initial Value [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
"RI Initial Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify price] [Initial Closing Price] [Initial 
Maximum Price] [Initial Minimum Price][Initial Average Price] [Barrier Initial Price] [Barrier Initial Maximum 
Price] [Barrier Initial Minimum Price] [Barrier Initial Average Price]. 
"RI Intraday Level" means: 
(i) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Index, the Intraday Level; or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share or an ETF Share or a Fund Share, the Intraday Price; 
or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Subject Currency, the Intraday Price. 
"RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the RI Intraday 
Level for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant RI Initial Value 
[multiplied by (b) FX Value]. 
"RI Inverse Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the RI Initial Value 
divided by (ii) the [RI Closing Value][RI Average Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
"RI Restrike Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date (a) the RI Closing Value 
for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date divided by (b) the RI Closing Value for such

--- Page 121 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
121 
 
 
Reference Item in respect of the immediately preceding ST Valuation Date or if none, the [Strike Date][Initial 
Calculation Date]. 
"RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the [RI Closing Value][RI 
Average Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date, divided by (ii) the relevant RI 
Initial Value [multiplied by (b) the FX Value][(expressed as a percentage)]. 
"Value Difference" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, [the RI Value for Reference Item (k[=[specify]])] 
[Basket Value [A]]  in respect of such ST Valuation Date minus [the RI Value for Reference Item 
(k[=[specify]])][Basket Value [B]] in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Intraday Value for the Reference 
Item(s) with the lowest or equal lowest RI Intraday Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of 
such ST Valuation Date. 
"Worst Inverse Value" means, in respect of ST Valuation Date, the RI Inverse Value for the Reference Item(s) 
with the lowest or equal lowest RI Inverse Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date. 
"Worst Performance" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Performance for the Reference Item(s) 
with the lowest or equal lowest Performance for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date. 
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for the Reference Item(s) with the 
lowest or equal lowest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
5.3 
Dates and Periods  
Payments of interest and principal on the Notes may be associated with ST Valuation Dates and/or ST 
Valuation Periods, as the case may be, as specified in the Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, 
several set of dates may be used for the determination and calculation of a particular payout. If, as a 
result of application of any provision of these Conditions, the date on which any determination in 
respect of a payment or redemption is due to be made (including, without limitation, any Valuation 
Date) is postponed (the "Postponed Date") and would consequently fall on or after such relevant 
payment or redemption date (including, without limitation any Interest Payment Date or Automatic 
Early Redemption Date), the date for such payment or redemption shall be postponed to first Business 
Day immediately succeeding the Postponed Date. No additional interest or other amount shall be 
payable in respect of any such delay. 
"Calculation Date" means [specify]. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" shall be the relevant date specified as such in the Final Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of 'Valuation Date' or "Fund Valuation Date". 
"Final Calculation Date" means [specify]. 
"Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on but excluding the Maturity Date. 
"Initial Calculation Date" means [specify]. 
"Range Accrual Cut-Off Date" means [in respect of [each][a] [Reference Item [(k)][Basket] and] [in respect of 
any [Range Period] [specify other period] [the][each] date specified as such in the Final Terms.] or, otherwise, 
the date falling [specify number] [calendar days] [Business Days] [Scheduled Trading Days (as defined in the 
[specify] Conditions] [specify other] before the [Range Period End Date] [specify other]. 
"Range Accrual Day" means [an Exchange Business Day][a Scheduled Trading Day][a Business Day][an 
Interest Determination Date][a calendar day][an Observation Day][specify]. 
"Range Period" means [specify period][each][the][Interest Period] [(and the final date of each such period, the 
"Range Period End Date")]. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" shall be the relevant date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, as 
may be adjusted in accordance with the definition of 'Valuation Date' or "Fund Valuation Date".  
"RI FX Observation Date" means, in respect of the RI FX level and a ST Valuation Date, the SER Valuation 
Date (as may be adjusted in accordance with the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions) immediately following 
such ST Valuation Date.

--- Page 122 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
122 
 
 
"ST Coupon Valuation Date(s)" means each [Averaging Date][Coupon Valuation Date][Strike Date][Interest 
Determination Date][Interest Period End Date][Determination Date][Knock-in Determination Day][Knock-out 
Determination Day][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price Date][Valuation Date][Range Accrual Day] [and] 
[Range Period Cut-Off Date][Observation Date]. 
"ST 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Period" 
means 
[the 
period 
from 
and 
including 
[specify] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding][the immediately following] [specify]][each][the][Interest Period][Range Period][ Coupon 
Valuation Date][Observation Period]. 
"ST Redemption Valuation Date" means each [Averaging Date][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price 
Date][Determination Date][Calculation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][Knock-in 
Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Redemption Valuation Date][Final Calculation Date]. 
"ST Redemption Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including [specify]. 
"ST Valuation Date" means each [of the] [Coupon Valuation Date][Strike Date][Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date][Knock-in Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Range Accrual Day][Settlement Level 
Date][Settlement Price Date][Scheduled Trading Day][Calculation Date][Initial Calculation Date][Final 
Calculation Date][Observation Date]. 
"ST Valuation Period" means each [ST Coupon Valuation Period][ST Redemption Valuation 
Period][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period][Knock-in Determination Period][Knock-out 
Determination Period][Observation Period]. 
"Target Determination Date" means [specify date(s)]. 
"Target Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on but excluding the Maturity Date. 
5.4 
Conditional Conditions 
If one or more conditions defined below are applicable for the determination and calculation of a 
payout formula(e), the definition shall be inserted, completed and adjusted in the Final Terms in order 
to take into account any value definitions in Payout Condition 5.2, relevant Date(s) and or Periods, 
and/or other Variable Data. 
"Barrier Count Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon 
Valuation Period], the [Coupon Barrier Value][Redemption Barrier Value] [for] [each] [any] [Observation Date] 
[in respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon Valuation Period], as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than] [equal to or greater than] [less than or equal to] 
the [Coupon Barrier][Redemption Barrier] [and][or](repeat as necessary)]. 
"Basket Range Accrual Coupon Condition" will be deemed satisfied if: 
(a) 
Basket Closing Value [A] for the relevant Range Accrual Day in the applicable Range Period is [(i)] 
[[equal to or greater than][greater than] the relevant Lower Coupon Barrier [1] and (ii) ][ [less than or 
equal][less than] to the relevant Upper Coupon Barrier [1],] and [ 
(b) 
Basket Closing Value B for the relevant Range Accrual Day in the applicable Range Period is [(i)] 
[[equal to or greater than][greater than] the relevant Lower Coupon Barrier [2] and (ii) ][ [less than or 
equal][less than] to the relevant Upper Coupon Barrier [2]. and] [ 
(c) 
Basket Closing Value C  for the relevant Range Accrual Day in the applicable Range Period is [(i)] 
[[equal to or greater than][greater than] the relevant Lower Coupon Barrier [3] and (ii) ][ [less than or 
equal][less than] to the relevant Upper Coupon Barrier [3]] 
(Delete, replicate and complete the above definition multiple times as necessary or set out relevant table) 
[In respect of [each][the] Basket and a Range Accrual Day (other than a Range Accrual Stub Day) which is not 
a [Business Day][Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day] for any Reference Item (k) in the Basket, the 
Basket Closing Value for such Basket on such day shall be the Basket Closing Value for such Basket on the 
immediately preceding [Business Day] [Scheduled Trading Day that was not a Disrupted Day] for all Reference 
Item (k) in the Basket. [The above provisions with regard to the consequences of a Disrupted Day or a day not 
being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over consequences provided for in any applicable Annex.]] 
[In respect of [each][the] Basket and the relevant Range Period, the Basket Closing Value  in respect of such 
Basket for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual Cut-Off Date to (and excluding) the Range

--- Page 123 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
123 
 
 
Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will be deemed to be the Basket Closing Value  as of 
such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
"Cappuccino Barrier Condition" means, in respect of [a] [the] [Reference Item] [and] a [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], that the Coupon Barrier Value [for] [each] [any] [Observation 
Date] [in respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than] [less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon 
Barrier. 
"Count Barrier Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of an Observation Date, the [Coupon][Redemption] 
Barrier Value] on such Observation Date in respect of the relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon 
Valuation Period][ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater 
than][less 
than][equal 
to 
or 
greater 
than][less 
than 
or 
equal 
to] 
the 
[Coupon][Redemption][Barrier][and][or](repeat as necessary). 
"Coupon Barrier Condition [1]" means, in respect of [a ST Coupon Valuation Date][a ST Valuation Coupon 
Period], that the Coupon Barrier Value [for] [each][any] [Observation Date] [in respect of][the relevant] [on 
such] [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Valuation Coupon Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is 
[greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] [the] Coupon Barrier [1][ but is [greater 
than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [2]]. 
"Coupon Barrier Condition [2]" means, in respect of [a ST Valuation Coupon Date][a ST Coupon Valuation 
Period], that the Coupon Barrier Value [for] [each][any] [Observation Date] [in respect of][the relevant] [on 
such] [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is 
[greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [1] but is [greater 
than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [2]. 
"Digital Coupon Condition [1]" means: 
(i) 
in respect of Reference Item [1], that the Coupon Barrier Value for [the] Reference Item [1] 
[for] [each] [any] [Observation Date] [in respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date] [ST Coupon Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent is [(i)] 
[greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], [the] Coupon Barrier 1 
[and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] Coupon 
Barrier 2](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified)[; and  
(ii) 
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 [for] 
[each][any] [Observation Date][in respect of][the relevant] [on such] [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][in the relevant][ST Coupon Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent is 
[(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [1] 
[and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], Coupon 
Barrier [2]] (insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [2] is specified)](insert (b) if Reference Item 2 is 
specified).  
"Digital Coupon Condition 2" means in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation 
Period]: 
(i) 
in respect of Reference Item [1], that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item [1] [for] 
[each][any] [Observation Date][in respect of][the relevant][on such] [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][and][ST Coupon Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent is [(i)] 
[greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [3] 
[and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] Coupon 
Barrier [4]](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [4] is specified)[; and 
(ii) 
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 [for] 
[each][any][Observation Date][in respect of][the relevant] [on such][ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent is [(i)] [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier [3] [and (ii) 
[greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the Coupon Barrier 
[4]] (insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [4] is specified) (insert (b) if Reference Item 2 is 
specified).  
"Final Redemption Condition" means, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation Period], that the Final Redemption Value [for] [each][any] [Observation Date][in respect of][the 
relevant][on such] [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period], as determined by the

--- Page 124 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
124 
 
 
Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Final 
Redemption Condition Level [[1] [and][or](repeat as necessary)]. 
"Final Redemption Condition [1]" means, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation Period], that the Final Redemption Value [for] [each][any] [Observation Date][in respect of][the 
relevant][on such] [ST Redemption Valuation Dates] [ST Redemption Valuation Period], as determined by the 
Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] Final Redemption 
Condition Level [1] [and][or](repeat as necessary). 
"Final Redemption Condition [2]" means, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date] [ ST Redemption 
Valuation Period] that the Final Redemption Value [for] [each][any] [Observation Date] [in respect of] [the 
relevant] [on such] [ST Redemption Valuation Date] [in the relevant [ST Redemption Valuation Period], as 
determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] 
Final Redemption Condition Level [1][, but is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or 
equal to] Final Redemption Condition Level 2.] 
"Ladder Condition [1][2]" means, in respect of an Observation Date, that the Observation Value on such 
Observation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater 
than][less than or equal to] the Observation Level[1][2]. 
"Multiplier Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of an Observation Date, the Multiplier Value on such 
Observation Date in respect of the relevant [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Multiplier 
Level. 
"Podium Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the 
Coupon Value for such Reference Item on such ST Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, is [greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier. 
"Range Accrual Countdown Condition" [subject as provided below,] will be deemed satisfied if, in respect of 
each Range Accrual Day in [the][relevant] Range Period [(n)][from and including [specify] to [and 
including][but excluding] [[specify] for [each] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]), the Coupon Barrier Value for 
such Reference Item in respect of each such Range Accrual Day is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or 
greater than][equal to or less than] the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [specify number][and (ii) 
[greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][equal to or less than] the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon 
Barrier [specify number](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [specify number] is specified) [as specified in the table 
below]. 
(Replicate and complete the above definition multiple times as necessary or set out relevant table) 
[Table] 
Specific Provisions for Range Accrual Countdown Condition: 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and] a Range Accrual Day [(other than a Range Accrual Stub 
Day)] which is not a [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day or is a 
Disrupted Day][specify] for such Reference Item [(k)], the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference 
Item [(k)] on such day shall be the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on the 
immediately preceding [Business Day[for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day that was 
not a Disrupted Day][specify]. [The above provisions with regard to the consequences of a Disrupted 
Day or a day not being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over consequences provided for in any 
applicable Annex.] 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and the relevant Range Period, the Coupon Barrier Value in 
respect of such Reference Item [(k)] for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual Cut-
Off Date to (and excluding) the Range Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will be 
deemed to be the Coupon Barrier Value as of such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" [subject as provided below] will be deemed satisfied if: 
(i) 
in respect of [each][the] Reference Item (k=specify), that the Coupon Barrier Value for such 
Reference Item for the relevant Range Accrual Day [in the applicable Range Period [(n)]] is 
[(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the relevant 
Coupon Barrier 1 [and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal 
to], the relevant Coupon Barrier 2](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified)[; and

--- Page 125 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
125 
 
 
(ii) 
[in respect of Reference Item(k=n), that the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item for 
the relevant Range Accrual Day [in the applicable Range Period [(n)][from and including 
[specify] to [and including][but excluding][[specify] [for [each] Reference Item 
(k[=[specify]])] is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] 
the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [insert number] [and (ii) [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon 
Barrier [insert number]](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier (insert number) is specified)) [as 
specified in the table below](insert this paragraph (ii) if Reference Item(k=n) is specified). 
(Set out relevant table) 
[Table] 
Specific Provisions for Range Accrual Coupon Condition: 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and] a Range Accrual Day [(other than a Range Accrual Stub 
Day)] [which is not a [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][[Scheduled Trading Day] or is a 
Disrupted Day][specify] for such Reference Item [(k)], the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference 
Item [(k)] on such day shall be the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on the 
immediately preceding [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day that 
was not a Disrupted Day][specify]. [The above provisions with regard to the consequences of a 
Disrupted Day or a day not being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over consequences provided 
for in any applicable Annex.] 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and the relevant Range Period, the Coupon Barrier Value in 
respect of such Reference Item [(k)] for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual Cut-
off Date to (but excluding) the Range Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will be 
deemed to be the Coupon Barrier Value as of such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
(Repeat any of the above paragraphs where relevant in relation to each Reference Item) 
"Range Accrual Final Redemption Condition" [subject as provided below] will be deemed satisfied if, in 
respect of [each][the] Reference Item (k=specify), that the Final Redemption Value for such Reference Item for 
the relevant Range Accrual Day in the applicable Range Period is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or 
greater than][less than or equal to] the relevant Final Redemption Condition Level [specify number] [and (ii) 
[greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the relevant Final Redemption Condition 
Level  [specify number]](insert (ii) if an additional Final Redemption Condition Level is specified) [as specified 
in the table below].   
(Replicate and complete the above definition multiple times as necessary or set out relevant table) 
[Table]  
Specific Provisions for Range Accrual Final Redemption Coupon Condition:  
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and] a Range Accrual Day [(other than a Range Accrual Stub 
Day)] [which is not a [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][[Scheduled Trading Day] or is a 
Disrupted Day][specify] for such Reference Item [(k)], the Final Redemption Value for such Reference 
Item [(k)] on such day shall be the Final Redemption Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on the 
immediately preceding [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day that 
was not a Disrupted Day][specify]. [The above provisions with regard to the consequences of a 
Disrupted Day or a day not being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over consequences provided 
for in any applicable Annex.] 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and the relevant Range Period, the Final Redemption Value in 
respect of such Reference Item [(k)] for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual Cut-
off Date to (but excluding) the Range Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will be 
deemed to be the Final Redemption Value as of such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
5.5 
Enumeration Convention 
Without prejudice to any other provision of these Payout Conditions and as a general rule the following suffixes 
in relation to the payout terms will be used. Other suffix terms may be selected and may be included in the Final 
Terms with other definitions or provisions from the Payout Conditions: 
"i" [from i = [specify] to i = [specify]] or "m" [from m = [specify] to m = [specify]] in relation to the relevant ST 
Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period.

--- Page 126 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
126 
 
 
"j" [from j = [specify] to j = [specify] means the relevant Strike Date. 
"k" [from k = [specify] to k = [specify]] means the relevant Reference Item. 
"q" [from q = [specify] to q = [specify] or "t" [from t = [specify] to t = [specify] means the relevant Observation 
Date or ST Valuation Date. 
Any of these suffixes will be inserted, completed and explained, if necessary, in the Final Terms and may be 
tabulated, especially where two or more suffixes apply. 
 
 
6. 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
If Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then notwithstanding the 
Notes are denominated in, and calculations made in respect of, the Specified Notes Currency (the "SER Subject 
Currency"), as shall be specified in the Final Terms either, (i) all payments or (ii) only those payments to which 
the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified to apply, in respect of the Notes shall be made in the 
Settlement Currency (the "Settlement Currency" or the "SER Base Currency"). 
Unless SER – Intermediate Currency Requirements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the amount to be paid in the SER Base Currency by applying the Settlement 
Exchange Rate to the amount that would have been payable in the SER Subject Currency were it not for the 
provisions of this Payout Condition 6.   
If SER Intermediate Currency Requirements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the amount to be paid in the SER Base Currency by (i) applying the Settlement Exchange 
Rate to the amount that would have been payable in the SER Subject Currency were it not for the provisions of 
this Payout Condition 6 to produce an amount denominated in the SER Intermediate Currency, and then (ii) 
applying the Second Settlement Exchange Rate to such amount denominated in the SER Intermediate Currency. 
Any such payment shall be made on the date such payment would have otherwise been due provided that, if 
limb (b) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, such payment may be deferred in 
accordance with Payout Condition 6.1(e) below if the SER Valuation Date is postponed as set out herein. No 
additional interest or other amount shall be payable in respect of any such delay. 
6.1 
SER Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Payout Condition 6.1 apply only in respect of the SER Subject Currency, where 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in the Final Terms and limb (b) and/or (c) of 
the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies. 
(a) 
SER Disruption Events 
The occurrence of any of the following events shall be a "SER Disruption Event": 
Where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/PEN, USD/CLP or 
USD/COP, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the occurrence of a Price Source Disruption, 
or any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous thereto and/or, where so 
specified in the Final Terms, the occurrence of any of the events set out in sub-paragraphs (ii) to (viii) 
below or any other event that in the opinion of the Calculation Agent is analogous thereto. 
In respect of any other Settlement Exchange Rate, if so specified in the Final Terms, the occurrence of 
any of the following events:  
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation;  
(viii) 
Price Materiality; and/or

--- Page 127 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
127 
 
 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (viii) above.  
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 of the occurrence of a SER Disrupted Day on any day that but for the occurrence 
of the SER Disrupted Day would have been a SER Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Consequences of a SER Disruption Event 
Upon a SER Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the 
day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant SER Price 
Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining the 
consequences of the SER Disruption Event: (a) Calculation Agent Determination where the applicable 
SER Disruption Event is other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the applicable 
SER Disruption Fallback where the applicable SER Disruption Event is a Price Source Disruption or 
Price Materiality.  
(c) 
SER Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a SER Valuation Date 
is a SER Unscheduled Holiday in respect of the SER Subject Currency then such date shall be the 
immediately succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day after the occurrence of the SER Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject as provided above, and Provided That if such SER Valuation Date has not occurred on 
or before the SER Maximum Days of Postponement then the next SER Scheduled Trading Day after 
such period that would have been a SER Scheduled Trading Day but for the SER Unscheduled Holiday 
shall be deemed to be the relevant date for valuation and the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such day in its sole discretion acting in good faith having taken 
into account relevant market practice and by reference to such additional source(s) as it deems 
appropriate. 
(d) 
SER Cumulative Events 
If "SER Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, in no event shall the 
total number of consecutive calendar days during which any SER Valuation Date is postponed as a 
consequence of the provisions of this Payout Condition 6.1 due to either (i) a SER Unscheduled 
Holiday or (ii) a SER Valuation Postponement (or a combination of both (i) and (ii)) exceed the SER 
Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement in the aggregate. If a SER Valuation Date is postponed 
by the number of calendar days equal to the SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement and at 
the end of such period (i) a SER Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day 
immediately following such period (the "Final Day"), then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the 
relevant SER Valuation Date and (ii) if a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing 
on the Final Day, then Valuation Postponement shall not apply and the Settlement Exchange Rate shall 
be determined in accordance with the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback. Unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms, SER Cumulative Events will be deemed to be specified as applicable for 
the purposes of this Condition (d) if the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as 
either USD/PEN, USD/CLP or USD/COP. 
(e) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any SER Valuation Date is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Payout 
Condition 6.1, then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any assets shall fall on the later 
of (a) the date for such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Final Terms 
and (b) (i) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/PEN, USD/CLP 
or USD/COP, the day falling two SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days after the SER 
Valuation Date, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, and (ii) in the case of any other 
Settlement Exchange Rate, the day falling the SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days 
specified in the Final Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the SER Valuation 
Date.  
6.2 
Consequences of a SER Additional Disruption Event 
Other than where limb (a) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that a SER Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If the 
Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held 
by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the SER Additional

--- Page 128 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
128 
 
 
Disruption Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13. 
6.3 
Definitions 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (A) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the 
Notes or it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that the SER Subject Currency splits into dual or multiple currency exchange 
rates. 
"EMTA" means EMTA, Inc., the trade association for the Emerging Markets. 
"Exchange Rate Divergence" means: 
(i) if the Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms is USD/ARS, that, in the reasonable 
opinion of not less than 5 unaffiliated EMTA Members notified to EMTA (or its successor) by no later 
than 4 p.m., Buenos Aires time on the SER Valuation Date, the SER Price Source has failed, for a 
period of not less than three consecutive SER Scheduled Trading Days (for any reason, including due 
to a split in the currency exchange rate or other event) to reflect the current prevailing Argentine Peso 
bid and offer rates for a standard size Argentine Peso/U.S. Dollar financial transaction for same-day 
settlement in the Buenos Aires marketplace on the SER Valuation Date; and  
(ii) if the Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms is USD/BRL, that, in the reasonable 
and independent judgement, as notified to EMTA in accordance with the EMTA BRL Exchange Rate 
Divergence Procedures, of not less than 7 unaffiliated EMTA members that are recognised market 
makers active in the BRL/U.S. Dollar foreign exchange market (no less than 4 of which shall be active 
participants in the onshore BRL/USD spot market), the SER Price Source (following a split of the 
exchange rates in Brazil or otherwise) no longer reflects the then-prevailing Brazilian Reais / U.S. 
Dollar spot rate for standard-size wholesale financial transactions involving the exchange of Brazilian 
Reais for U.S. Dollars delivered outside of Brazil, and 
(iii) if the Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the Final Terms is a rate other than USD/ARS or 
USD/BRL but, it is specified in the relevant EMTA Template Terms as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Issue Date and in respect of such Settlement Exchange Rate, that Price Source 
Disruption shall include Exchange Rate Divergence, then Exchange Rate Divergence shall have the 
meaning given in the relevant EMTA Template Terms with respect to such Settlement Exchange Rate. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to convert a 
SER Subject Currency into the SER Base Currency or a SER Subject Currency into the SER Intermediate 
Currency in a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction through customary legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to 
deliver (A) the SER Base Currency from accounts inside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction to accounts 
outside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the SER Subject Currency between accounts inside a SER 
Subject Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or (ii) any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank), in 
each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of the SER Subject Currency whereby it 
becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed

--- Page 129 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
129 
 
 
necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations under the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on 
the relevant SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such SER Valuation Date would, in 
the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant SER Price Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Initial Settlement Exchange Rate" or "Initial SER" means the rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Second Settlement Exchange Rate" means the rate published on the price source (or successor to such 
source) at the observation time, both specified as such in the Final Terms, for the exchange of the SER 
Settlement Currency per one unit of the SER Intermediate Currency, however, (i) if it is not reasonably 
practicable to determine such rate at such time due to a SER Disruption Event or such other delay or 
postponement in converting the SER Base Currency into the SER Intermediate Currency, the Calculation Agent 
shall, subject to the consequence of such event, observe such rate as soon as practicable once the conversion into 
the SER Intermediate Currency has taken place, or (ii) if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the Second 
Settlement Exchange Rate from such source, the Second Settlement Exchange Rate will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the rate it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to 
such source(s) as it deems appropriate for the exchange of the SER Intermediate Currency per one unit of the 
SER Base Currency at or about the time and by reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate. 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events specified as 
SER Disruption Events) in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction beyond the control of the parties to a hedging 
arrangement in respect of the Notes which makes it impossible (A) for a party to fulfil its obligations under the 
hedging arrangement or (B) generally to fulfil obligations similar to such party's obligations under that hedging 
arrangement. 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by any 
Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes of all or 
substantially all of its assets in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the SER Primary Rate differs 
from any SER Secondary Rate by at least the SER Price Materiality Percentage or if there are insufficient 
responses on the relevant SER Valuation Date to any survey used to calculate any such rate, then the SER Price 
Materiality Percentage will be deemed to be met.  
"Price Source Disruption" means in respect of any date on which a calculation is due to be made in accordance 
with these Settlement Exchange Rate provisions, that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from 
which the Settlement Exchange Rate is calculated and, where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the 
Final Terms as: 
(i) 
USD/ARS; 
(ii) 
USD/BRL; or  
(iii) 
any other Settlement Exchange Rate in respect of which the Calculation Agent determines that, as of 
the Issue Date, the relevant EMTA Template Terms for such rate (if any) specifies that Price Source Disruption 
includes Exchange Rate Divergence,  
then Price Source Disruption shall include Exchange Rate Divergence. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Final Terms or any successor to such 
page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
"Settlement Currency" or "SER Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Settlement Exchange Rate" means (a) the rate specified as such in the Final Terms, (b) if no such rate is 
specified and, subject as referred to in Payout Condition 6.1 above, the rate of exchange appearing on the SER 
Price Source at the SER Valuation Time on the relevant SER Valuation Date for the exchange of the SER 
Subject Currency per one unit of the SER Base Currency for settlement on the SER Number of Settlement Days;

--- Page 130 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
130 
 
 
or (c) if SER Intermediate Currency Requirements are specified as applicable in the Final Terms and no rate is 
specified as the Settlement Exchange Rate in the Final Terms, the rate of exchange appearing on the SER Price 
Source at the SER Valuation Time on the relevant SER Valuation Date for the exchange of the SER Subject 
Currency per one unit of the SER Intermediate Currency for settlement on the SER Number of Settlement Days. 
"SER Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified as not applicable in the Final Terms) Change 
in Law, or (ii) Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the Final Terms. 
"SER Disrupted Day" means any SER Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that 
a SER Disruption Event has occurred. 
"SER Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for determining 
the Settlement Exchange Rate, when a SER Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a SER Valuation 
Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by the SER Price Source) being,  
(i) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/PEN, USD/CLP or USD/COP in 
the following order: Valuation Postponement and Calculation Agent Determination (unless otherwise specified 
in the Final Terms); and 
(ii) in the case of any other Settlement Exchange Rate, any of Calculation Agent Determination, First Fallback 
Reference Price, Second Fallback Reference Price and Valuation Postponement, as so specified in the Final 
Terms for such SER Subject Currency. 
Where more than one SER Disruption Fallback is so specified then such SER Disruption Fallbacks shall apply 
in the order in which they are specified either in (i) or (ii) above or in the Final Terms until the Settlement 
Exchange Rate can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that SER Settlement Currency, for such 
SER Valuation Date.  
Where: 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement 
Exchange Rate, taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. If the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is not possible to determine the Settlement Exchange Rate, the Issuer may early redeem all but 
not some only of the Notes pursuant to General Condition 6(f).  
"First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Exchange 
Rate, by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for which purpose, references in the 
definition of Settlement Exchange Rate, to "SER Price Source", "SER Valuation Time" and "SER Number of 
Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be to "SER First Fallback Price Source", "SER First 
Fallback Valuation Time" and "SER First Fallback Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms 
shall have the meanings given to them in the Final Terms). 
"Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Exchange 
Rate by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, for which purpose, references in the 
definition of Settlement Exchange Rate to "SER Price Source", "SER Valuation Time" and "SER Number of 
Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be to "SER Second Fallback Price Source", "SER Second 
Fallback Valuation Time" and "SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such 
terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Final Terms). 
"SER Intermediate Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means (i) where the SER Subject Currency is PEN, 
CLP or COP, 30 calendar days, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, and (ii) for any other SER Subject 
Currency, the number of days specified as such in the Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 
calendar days. 
"SER Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Final Terms or, if 
no such number is specified, 30 calendar days.  
"SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days" means SER Settlement Days unless otherwise specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"SER Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a SER Subject Currency, the number of days on 
which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have been open) 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign 
exchange market) in the SER Settlement Day Centre(s) (each, a "SER Settlement Day"). Where no such

--- Page 131 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
131 
 
 
number or zero is so specified, then such rate shall be for settlement on the same day, provided that (i) where the 
Subject Currency is CLP, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the SER Number of Settlement Days 
shall be deemed to be 1 and (ii)  where the Subject Currency is PEN or COP, unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, the SER Number of Settlement Days shall be deemed to be zero.   
"SER Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms or, if no such 
percentage is specified, 3 per cent.  
 
 
"SER Price Source" means: 
(a) 
where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/PEN, unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms, in respect of a SER Valuation Date the "PEN 
INTERBANK AVE (PEN05) Rate" being the PEN/USD average exchange rate in the 
interbank market, expressed as the amount of PEN per one USD for settlement on the same 
day, reported by the Banco Central de Perú (www.bcrp.gob.pe) (or any successor or 
replacement to such page) as the "Tipo de Cambio Interbancario Promedio" at approximately 
2.00 p.m. Lima Time (the "SER Valuation Time") on that SER Valuation Date; 
(b) 
where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/CLP, unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms, in respect of a SER Valuation Date the "CLP DÓLAR 
OBS (CLP 10)" rate  being the USD/CLP exchange rate, expressed as the amount of CLP per 
one USD, for settlement in one  SER Scheduled Trading Day reported by the Banco Central 
de Chile (www.bcentral.cl) (or any successor or replacement to such page) as the "Dólar 
Observado" rate by no later than 10.30 a.m. Santiago time (the "SER Valuation Time"), on 
the first SER Scheduled Trading Day following that SER Valuation Date  (or any successor or 
replacement to such page); 
(c) 
where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/COP, unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms, in respect of a SER Valuation Date the "COP TRM 
(COP02) Rate"  being the USD/COP exchange rate for such day, expressed as the amount of 
COP per one USD, for settlement on the same day reported by the Colombian Financial 
Superintendency as published on its website (www.banrep.gov.co) (or any successor or 
replacement to such page) as the "Tasa Representativa del Mercado (TRM)" (also referred to 
as the "Tasa de Cambio Representativa del Mercado" (TCRM)) by no later than 10.30 a.m. 
Bogotá time (the "SER Valuation Time") on the first SER Scheduled Trading Day following 
such SER Valuation Date; or 
(d) 
for any other Settlement Exchange Rate, such other price source(s) specified as such in the 
Final Terms, 
or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"SER Primary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"SER Secondary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"SER Settlement Day Centres" means (i) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms 
as USD/PEN, USD/COP or USD/CLP, New York (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) and (ii) for 
any other Settlement Exchange Rate, each SER Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the Final Terms.   
"SER Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence 
of a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in 
accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each SER Scheduled Trading Day 
City specified in the Final Terms provided that where the SER Subject Currency is BRL, then notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if the relevant SER Valuation Date falls on a date that, as at the Trade Date, is not a scheduled 
day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a Disruption Event would have been 
open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign 
exchange market) in New York City (an "NYC Business Day") then no adjustment to such date shall be made 
on account of the fact that such date is not an NYC Business Day. 
"SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities" means (i) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the 
Final Terms as USD/PEN, the SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities shall be, unless otherwise specified in 
the Final Terms, New York City and Lima, (ii) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final

--- Page 132 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
132 
 
 
Terms as USD/CLP, the SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities shall be, unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, in New York City and Santiago; (iii) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final 
Terms as USD/COP, the SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities shall be, unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, New York City and Bogotá; and (iv) in other cases the city or cities specified in the Final Terms.  
"SER Subject Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the SER Subject Currency is the lawful 
currency or each country for which the SER Intermediate Currency is the lawful currency, as the case may be. 
"SER Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a SER Scheduled Trading Day and the market was not 
aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) 
until a time later than 9:00a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the SER Subject Currency, two 
SER Scheduled Trading Days prior to the relevant scheduled SER Valuation Date. 
"SER Valuation Date" means any date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a SER 
Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding SER Scheduled Trading Day and, in the event of a SER 
Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Payout Condition  6.1(c) above, unless, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day is a SER Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Payout 
Condition 6.1(b) shall apply. Where the amount so due is the Early Redemption Amount, then the SER 
Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the fifth SER Scheduled Trading Day prior to the date of early redemption 
of the Notes. 
"SER Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, (i) where the Settlement 
Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/PEN, approximately 2.00 p.m. Lima Time on the SER 
Valuation Date, (ii) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/CLP, no later 
than 10.30 a.m. Santiago time on the first SER Scheduled Trading Day following the SER Valuation Date, (iii) 
where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Final Terms as USD/COP,  no later than 10.30 a.m. 
Bogotá time on the first SER Scheduled Trading Day following the SER Valuation Date, or (iv) the time at 
which the SER Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Exchange Rate is 
calculated. 
"Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Exchange Rate, shall be determined on the immediately 
succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not a SER Disrupted Day unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that no such SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not a SER Disrupted Day has occurred on or 
before the day falling the SER Maximum Days of Postponement following the originally designated SER 
Valuation Date, as the case may be. In such event, the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined on the 
next SER Scheduled Trading Day after the SER Maximum Days of Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that 
day may be a SER Disrupted Day) in accordance with the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback. 
7. 
UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes 
If UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes Provisions are specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
(a) 
Amounts denominated in Colombian Peso (including any Aggregate Nominal Amount, Calculation 
Amount or Specified Denomination) will be adjusted by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
UVR Index on the Specified Number of COP/UVR Business Days prior to the date of scheduled 
payment of any amounts due ("The Colombian Peso UVR Adjusted Amount") 
(b) 
Definitions: 
"COP/UVR Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks for business (including dealings 
in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market in Bogota 
and New York City). 
"IPC" means, with respect to any period, the Colombian Consumer Price Index (Índice de Precios al 
Consumidor) that is published monthly and certified by the National Administrative Department of 
Statistics (Departamento Administrativo Nacional de Estadistica) or by any other authority succeeding 
to its functions and capacities from time to time. 
"Specified Number of COP/UVR Business Days" shall be as set out in the Final Terms. 
"UVR" means Unidad de Valor Real or Unidad de Valor Constante, which, as set out in Article 3 of 
Law 546 of 1999 of Colombia, is the unit of adjustment to the COP based on the variation of the IPC 
and expressed as the amount of COP per unit of UVR as published and outstanding at the relevant time 
on the website of the Colombian Central Bank: (Banco de la República de Colombia):

--- Page 133 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
133 
 
 
http://www.banrep.gov.co/es/unidad-valor-real-uvr under the heading "Unidad de valor real 
(UVR)", calculated by the Colombian Central Bank in accordance with Resolución Externa No. 13 de 
2000.   
If the UVR is wholly replaced or substituted entirely for another unit by the Colombian Central Bank, 
references to UVR will be to the unit replacing or substituting the UVR to the extent that (a) such unit 
is determined by the Colombian Central Bank, (b) such unit is applicable to commercial transactions 
and (c) such unit is published on the web site of the Colombian Central Bank or another official 
publication in Colombia in respect of any given date.  In the event (i) UVR is no longer published by or 
available from the Colombian Central Bank, or (ii) UVR is wholly replaced or substituted entirely for 
another unit that is not determined by the Colombian Central Bank or (iii) UVR for a determination 
date is not available on the applicable determination date (such events in (i), (ii) and (iii), a "UVR 
Event"), UVR will be determined by the Calculation Agent (in its sole discretion) and the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Notes are redeemed early at the Early Redemption Amount. If the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Notes are to be redeemed early, the Issuer having given not less 
than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), shall, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes, each Note being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in General Condition 
6(f). Interest will cease to accrue and no further interest will be payable from the Interest Payment Date 
(or, if none, the Issue Date) immediately preceding such UVR Event. 
"UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes" means Notes denominated in Colombian Pesos which is adjusted by 
reference to UVR Index and in respect of which payment will be made in the Settlement Currency.   
"UVR Index" means in respect of a COP/UVR Business Day, the result of (a) the UVR on such day 
divided by (b) the Initial UVR, provided that if "Floored UVR Index" is specified in the Final Terms 
as applicable and if the result of such calculation is less than one, the UVR Index shall be one for the 
purpose of determining the Final Redemption Amount only or determining all payments as specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Initial UVR" means the UVR specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
ANNEX 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Index Linked Notes shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Index Linked Notes set out below 
(the "Index Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions, the Index Linked Conditions 
shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Index Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, 
the Payout Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
an Averaging Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation 
Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2. 
Adjustments to an Index 
(a) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation 
as used in the calculation of that Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor Index") 
will be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (i) on or prior to the last Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the last Averaging 
Date, last Knock-in Determination Day, last Knock-out Determination Day, last Observation 
Date or last Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make 
a material change in the formula for, or the method of, calculating a relevant Index or in any 
other way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula 
or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and 
capitalisation, contracts or commodities and other routine events) (an "Index Modification"), 
or permanently cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists (an "Index 
Cancellation"), or (ii) on an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an Averaging 
Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date 
or a Valuation Date, as the case may be, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor 
Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index (an "Index Disruption" and, 
together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an "Index Adjustment 
Event"), then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on 
the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Settlement Level using, in lieu of a published 
level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time on that Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the 
change, failure or cancellation, but using only those securities that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment has been proposed by the Related 
Exchange and that no other action will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer, 
in its sole and absolute discretion may, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13: 
(A) 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of 
an amount equal to the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the Index 
Adjustment Event (the "Calculated Index Adjustment Amount") less the cost to

--- Page 135 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
135 
 
 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the "Modified Calculated Index Adjustment Amount"), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Index Adjustment Event (the 
"Calculated Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date"); or 
(B) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount 
on the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date, and redeem each 
Note on the scheduled Maturity Date by payment of the Calculated Index Adjustment 
Amount. For avoidance of any doubt, the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount shall 
not accrue any interest from the date of its calculation to the Maturity Date. 
In relation to paragraphs (A) and (B) above, notwithstanding General Condition 4(g), each 
Note shall cease to bear interest from and including the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount 
Determination Date and no interest amounts scheduled for payment thereafter (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, including any Specified Interest Amounts) shall be payable. 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding (i) and (ii) above, if there are any options or future contracts of the Index 
traded on the Related Exchange, the Calculation Agent may instead in its sole and absolute 
discretion, upon the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event, make the corresponding 
adjustments made on any Related Exchange (an "Exchange Based Adjustment"). 
(c) 
Notice 
Upon the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
practicable, other than in the case of an Exchange Based Adjustment notify the Issuer of any 
determination made by it pursuant to paragraph (b) above and the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the 
occurrence of the Index Adjustment Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to 
be taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice 
will not affect the validity of the Index Adjustment Event or the proposed action. 
3. 
Correction of Index 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the level of an Index, 
if the relevant level of the Index published on a given day which is used or to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant Successor Index 
Sponsor, (i) in respect of a Composite Index, no later than five Exchange Business Days following the 
date of the original publication or, (ii) in respect of an Index which is not a Composite Index, within the 
number of days equal to the Index Correction Period of the original publication, the level to be used 
shall be the level of the Index as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three 
Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the 
level of the Index will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the 
relevant amount to be paid. 
4. 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may 
take the action described in (i), (ii) or (if applicable) (iii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General 
Conditions, these Index Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If 
the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each 
Note held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account 
the Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Additional Adjustment 
Amount"), all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13; or

--- Page 136 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
136 
 
 
(iii) 
require the Calculation Agent to calculate the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount as 
soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event (the 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity 
Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the 
Calculated Additional Disruption Amount plus interest accrued on the Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount on a daily basis from and including the Calculated Additional Disruption 
Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, each such daily accrual rate 
being at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost on or about the relevant day or (y) if greater, at its 
nominal amount. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the 
Issuer thereof as soon as practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the occurrence of the 
Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect 
the validity of the Additional Disruption Event or the proposed action. 
5. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
This Index Linked Condition 5 is applicable only if: 
(i) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment 
under the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms 
is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation Time the level 
of the Index triggers the Knock-in Barrier or the Knock-out Barrier, a Trading Disruption, an 
Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the 
Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided that if, by operation of this 
provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in 
the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or 
Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of 
Valuation Date. 
(c) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms 
is any time or period of time other than the Valuation Time during the regular trading hours on 
the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day and at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the time 
on which the level of the Index triggers the Knock-in Barrier or the Knock-out Barrier, a 
Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, then the 
Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that 
if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out 
Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date 
shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the 
Index as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the 
provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date. 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period if on any or all Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption

--- Page 137 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
137 
 
 
Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable, and the Issuer shall 
redeem each Note of a nominal amount equal to the Calculation Amount at an amount in the relevant 
currency specified in the Final Terms equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
7. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms) Change in Law, and 
(ii) any of Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow if specified in the Final Terms. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means an amount, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal 
to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic Early Redemption Amount set out in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms or if such date is 
not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or 
further payment in respect of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A), 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the 
Automatic Early Redemption Range, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in 
the Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Index 
Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified 
as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked Condition. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be delayed in accordance with the corresponding provisions of the 
definition of Valuation Date which shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to Valuation 
Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the Final Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1 
(General Definitions). 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Final Terms or, if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
if "Omission" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, then such date will be deemed not 
to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement Level 
provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Dates would occur, then 
the Averaging Date will not be omitted and the provisions of the definition of "Valuation 
Date" will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final 
Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, then the provisions of the 
definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level,

--- Page 138 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
138 
 
 
price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that 
was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(iii) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms then: 
(A) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, the Averaging 
Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined in (B) below). If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging 
Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for 
that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of 
Valuation Date below; 
(B) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, the 
Averaging Date for each Index shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to 
every Index forming part of the Basket of Indices. If the first succeeding Valid Date 
in relation to every Index forming part of the Basket of Indices has not occurred for 
a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the 
relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such 
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of every Index 
forming part of the Basket of Indices, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-
paragraph (ii) of the definition of Valuation Date below; and 
(C) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "Valid Date" means a Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does 
not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Basket of Indices" means a basket composed of each Index specified in the Final Terms subject to the 
Weightings. 
"Change of Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to 
the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or 
dispose of any relevant hedge positions relating to an Index and/or (B) the Issuer will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Index Linked Notes (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates). 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the 
relevant securities. 
"Clearance System Business Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event results in the Clearance System being unable to clear the 
transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
"Component Security" means, in respect of a Composite Index, each component security of such Index. 
"Composite Index" means any Index in respect of which the component securities are principally traded on 
more than one exchange, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Coupon Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means any day which is:

--- Page 139 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
139 
 
 
(i) 
(A) 
in the case of a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (x) the 
Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; (y) the Related Exchange fails to open 
for trading during its regular trading session; or (z) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
or 
(B) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which (x) the relevant Exchange and/or any Related Exchange fails to open for 
trading during their regular trading session or (y) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred; or 
(ii) 
Where Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset 
Basis) are specified as applicable in the Final Terms for (i) Index Linked Notes, (ii) Equity 
Linked Notes and/or (iii) ETF Linked Notes, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as defined in 
the Equity Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Early Closure" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange 
in respect of any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such 
Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day; and 
(ii) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or 
more of the level of such Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day 
and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Composite Index, in respect of each Component Security, the principal stock 
exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such Index in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the 
securities comprising such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the securities comprising 
such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day (Single Index 
Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of Indices or other assets, (a) Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) or 
(b) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) or (c) Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as 
specified in the Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Final Terms, Exchange 
Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in respect of all 
Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions in respect of such Indices, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) in respect of all Composite Indices, (a) 
the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Indices and (b) each Related Exchange (if any) is open 
for trading during its regular trading session in respect of such Composite Indices, notwithstanding any such 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which (i) in respect of all Indices other than Composite Indices, each relevant Exchange and each

--- Page 140 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
140 
 
 
Related Exchange (if any) is open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of such Indices 
comprised in the basket (notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time) and (ii) in respect of all Composite Indices, (a) the relevant Index Sponsor publishes 
the level of such Composite Indices and (b) each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of each Composite Index 
is open for trading during its regular trading session (notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time) which, in each case, is also an Exchange Business Day under and as defined in 
the Equity Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions, as applicable.  
"Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)" means in respect of any Index: 
(i) 
in the case of any Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index 
Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is open 
for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; and 
(ii) 
in any other case, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and Related 
Exchange in respect of such Index are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in respect of 
all Indices other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are 
open for trading during their regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) in respect of a Composite Index (a) the 
relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if 
any, is open for trading during their regular trading session in respect of such Composite Index, notwithstanding 
such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means: 
(i) 
in the case of any Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, (A) any Component Security on the 
Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (B) in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Index on the Related Exchange; and 
(ii) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
market participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for on any 
relevant Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the 
relevant Index, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk 
including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer, issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of securities comprised in an Index that the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) (a) to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer, and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to 
borrow any security comprised in an Index that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 141 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
141 
 
 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked Conditions, the index 
or indices specified in the Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Index Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the Final Terms, or (b) if none is so specified, one 
Settlement Cycle. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such 
Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during each 
Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified for such Index in the Final 
Terms. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a security comprised in an Index, the initial stock loan rate 
specified in relation to such security in the Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the level, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Final Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms, 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Index Linked Conditions; 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as 
such in the Final Terms or in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the 
Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Barrier" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked Conditions.  
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) as specified in the Final Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period.  
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or

--- Page 142 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
142 
 
 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms, 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Index Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified 
as such in the Final Terms or in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the 
Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 
5.1. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any securities comprised in an Index in an amount 
equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index either: 
(i) 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, 
of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a 
Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins or ends at the time 
when the level of such Index would trigger respectively the Knock-
in Event or the Knock-out Event or (b) in all other circumstances 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on 
which such Component Security is principally traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins or 
ends at the time when the level of such Index would trigger 
respectively the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event or (b) in 
all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time in 
respect of the Exchange on which such Component Security is 
principally traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(b) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading 
Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists 
comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index, of: (1) a Trading Disruption; (2) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event 
begins or ends at the time when the level of such Index would trigger respectively the 
Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event or (b) in all other circumstances ends at the

--- Page 143 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
143 
 
 
Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (3) an Early Closure, in each 
case in respect of such futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Component Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such 
Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component 
Security to the level of such Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the 
level of the Index attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall level of such 
Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as 
part of the market opening data; and 
(b) 
in the case of Indices other than Composite Indices, the occurrence or existence of (i) a 
Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins or ends at the time when the 
level of such Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Barrier or the Knock-out Barrier or (b) 
in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index exists at 
any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security included in such Index at any 
time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that security to the level of such Index shall be based 
on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of such Index attributable to that security and (y) the 
overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption 
Event. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a security comprised in an Index, the Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate specified in the Final Terms. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Final Terms, or if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding 
provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Final Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system on which option 
contracts or futures contracts relating to such Index are traded, or each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such Index in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where All Exchanges is specified as the 
Related Exchange in the Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or 
options contracts relating to such Index. 
"Relevant Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to Averaging Date, Observation Date, Valuation 
Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day as the case may be in the case of an Index, an amount equal to the official closing level of the Index as 
calculated and published by the Index Sponsor or, in relation to a Composite Index, the official closing level of 
such Index as calculated and published by the relevant Index Sponsor, in each case as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the Final Terms, the level of the Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent as set out in the Final Terms at the Valuation Time on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Final Terms, 
the relevant Settlement Level Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, each Averaging Date. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours subject as 
provided in Valuation Time below.  
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index 
Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) Scheduled 
Trading Day (Per Index Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in

--- Page 144 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
144 
 
 
the Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)" means (i) in respect of each Index which is not a Composite 
Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of each such Index are scheduled 
to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), and (ii) in respect of each Composite 
Index, any day on which (a) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of each such Composite Index 
and (b) each Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of 
such Composite Index. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day on which (i) in 
respect of each Index which is not a Composite Index, each relevant Exchange and each Related Exchange (if 
any) in respect of each such Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session, and (ii) 
in respect of each Composite Index, (a) the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of each such 
Composite Index and (b) each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of such Composite Index is scheduled to be 
open for trading during its regular trading session which, in each case, is also a Scheduled Trading Day under 
and as defined in the Equity Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions, as applicable.  
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and Related Exchange in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading session(s); and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Composite Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of such Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for 
trading for its regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" means any day on which (i) in respect of an Index other than a 
Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for 
trading during their respective regular trading session(s), and (ii) in respect of a Composite Index (a) the 
relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Index and (b) the relevant Related 
Exchange, if any, is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of such 
Composite Index. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the Final Terms, or any successor page or service thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Index, the period of Clearance System Business Days following a 
trade in the securities comprising such Index on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Level" means, and subject as referred to in Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation 
Date, as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, (i) if Averaging is not specified in 
the Final Terms, the Relevant Level for the relevant Settlement Level Date, or (ii) if 
Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Levels of the 
Index on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in a 
commercially reasonable manner; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, (i) if Averaging is not 
specified in the Final Terms, the Relevant Level for the relevant Settlement Level Date, or (ii) 
if Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Levels of the 
Basket of Indices on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Level Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day 
or Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means five (5) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 145 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
145 
 
 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Final Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below, provided that:  
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, if the Strike Date for any Index forming part of 
the Basket of Indices is specified to be the Trade Date (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to any adjustments 
relating to the Strike Date that are set out in the Final Terms) then: 
(i) if the Strike Date for any Index forming part of the Basket of Indices is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
Strike Date for such Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; unless (ii) in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day.  If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date for such 
Index, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Index 
forming part of the Basket of Indices unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to 
the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted 
Day in respect of such Index.  
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the 
relevant Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to such Index, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Level using the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted 
level as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised 
in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of 
the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with the 
above provisions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Final Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means: 
(i) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether 
by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of 
the level of such Index on any relevant Exchange(s) or (b) in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Index on any relevant Related Exchange; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: 
(i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component 
Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Coupon Valuation Date, Strike Date and/or the Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. 
If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a single Index, the Valuation Date shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Settlement Level by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using the Exchange traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or

--- Page 146 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
146 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, the Valuation Date for each 
Index, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of any Index forming part of the Basket of Indices unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of Index of 
the Basket of Indices. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Valuation Date for each Index of the Basket of Indices, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to any Index, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Settlement Level using the level of that Index as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using the Exchange traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in that Index (or, if an event 
giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and 
otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(i) 
the Coupon Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if not specified in the Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of a Composite Index, means in respect of such Index: (A) for the 
purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (x) in 
respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in 
respect of such Component Security, and (y) in respect of any options contracts or 
futures contracts on the Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (B) 
in all other circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of the Index is 
calculated and published by the Index Sponsor; or 
(B) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, means the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant date. If the Exchange closes prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Coupon Valuation Time or Valuation 
Time, as the case may be, is after the actual closing time for its regular trading 
session, then the Coupon Valuation Time or Valuation Time, as the case may be, 
shall be such actual closing time. 
"Weighting" means the weighting (if any) to be applied to each item comprising the Basket of Indices if, and as 
specified in the Final Terms or if no such weighting is so specified then no weighting shall apply to any such 
item. 
8. 
Index Disclaimer 
The Index Linked Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any Index or any Index 
Sponsor and no Index Sponsor makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, 
either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index 
stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No Index or Index Sponsor shall be 
liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index and the Index 
Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. No Index Sponsor is making 
any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or 
assuming any risk in connection with the Index Linked Notes. The Issuer shall have no liability to the 
Noteholders for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, 
adjustment or maintenance of the Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date, neither the Issuer 
nor its Affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any control over 
the computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation Agent will 
obtain information concerning the Indices from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will 
not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking 
(express or implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates or the 
Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning the 
Index.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Equity Linked Notes shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Equity Linked Notes set out below 
(the "Equity Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which 
is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Equity Linked Conditions, the Equity Linked Conditions 
shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Equity Linked Conditions and the Payout 
Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
an Averaging Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation 
Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2. 
Depositary Receipts 
(a) 
Application of Depositary Receipt provisions 
If "Depositary Receipt provisions" are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, for the 
purposes of these Equity Linked Conditions in relation to each relevant Depositary Receipt: 
(i) 
references to "Share" or "Shares" shall be deemed to include an ordinary share or 
ordinary shares or other relevant equity securities, as the case may be, of the Share 
Company or Basket Company to which the relevant Depositary Receipts specified in 
the Final Terms relate; 
(ii) 
references to "Exchange" shall, in the context of the ordinary shares or other relevant 
equity securities of the Share Company or Basket Company, be deemed to be 
references to the Share Exchange specified in the Final Terms; 
(iii) 
references to "Share Company" or "Basket Company" shall, in the context of a 
Depositary Receipt, be deemed to include references to the issuer or obligor of the 
Depositary Receipts; 
(iv) 
with respect to Depositary Receipts only, the following additional event shall 
constitute a Potential Adjustment Event for the purposes of Equity Linked Condition 
3; 
"a distribution in respect of the Shares of property other than cash, shares or rights 
relating to any Shares to the holder(s) of the Shares"; and 
(v) 
with respect to Depositary Receipts only, the following events shall constitute 
Additional Disruption Events for the purposes of Equity Linked Condition 5: 
(A) 
a Termination; and 
(B) 
an Adjustment Event. 
(b) 
Definitions specific to Depositary Receipts 
"Adjustment Event" means (a) the terms and conditions of the Depositary Receipts have 
been altered or any adjustment or modification has been made pursuant to such terms and 
conditions (in each case whether by the Share Company or Basket Company or any party 
having influence over such terms and conditions) or the Depositary Receipts are converted 
into other securities and/or (b) the aggregate amounts (or currency thereof) to which a holder 
is entitled under the Depositary Receipts are altered. 
"Depositary Receipt" means a depositary receipt relating to ordinary shares or other relevant 
equity securities issued by a Share Company or Basket Company, as specified in the Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions specified in Equity Linked Conditions 
3 and 4.

--- Page 148 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
148 
 
 
 
"Termination" means, in relation to an issue of Depositary Receipts, such issue has been 
terminated, cancelled or otherwise ceased to be outstanding for any reason. This shall include, 
without limitation, the termination of the deposit agreement in respect of the Shares and/or 
written instructions being given by the Share Company or Basket Company to the depositary 
of the Shares to withdraw or surrender the Shares. 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(i) 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such 
Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of 
(a) such Shares or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to 
payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, equally or proportionately 
with such payments to holders of such Shares or (c) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the 
Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as a result of a 
spin-off or other similar transaction or (d) any other type of securities, rights 
or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in 
respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share Company 
or its subsidiaries, as the case may be, of relevant Shares whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; 
(F) 
in respect of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, an 
event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock 
of such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, pursuant to 
a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers 
that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of 
preferred stock, certificates, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below 
their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(G) 
any adjustment effected as a result of any shareholder rights plan or 
arrangement as described in 3(a)(i)(D) above; or 
(H) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
(ii) 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment 
Event, the date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant 
Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(iii) 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, of 
the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will (i) make the 
corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of 
the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Final

--- Page 149 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
149 
 
 
Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate to 
account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to 
account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relative to the relevant Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The 
Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the 
adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange 
("Exchange Based Adjustment") to options on the Shares traded on that options exchange. 
(iv) 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
shall, other than where Exchange Based Adjustment applies notify the Issuer as soon as 
practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13, stating the occurrence of the Potential Adjustment 
Event, giving details thereof and the adjustment to be taken in relation thereto, provided that 
any failure to give or non-receipt of such notice will not affect the validity of such Potential 
Adjustment Event or Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date or the adjustment in relation 
thereto. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events 
The occurrence of any of De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Tender Offer 
(unless Tender Offer is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms), or, if specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, Illiquidity, Listing Change or Listing Suspension, as the case 
may be, shall be deemed to be an "Extraordinary Event", the consequences of which are set 
forth below: 
"De-Listing" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the Exchange announces pursuant 
to the rules of such Exchange, that such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) 
and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where the Exchange is located 
in the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or 
the NASDAQ National Market System (or their respective successors) or (ii) a comparable 
exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the 
Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
"Illiquidity" means, in respect of Equity Linked Notes that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, during any period of five consecutive Scheduled Trading Days falling after 
the Issue Date (the "Relevant Period"), (a) the difference between the bid prices and the ask 
prices in respect of any relevant Share during the Relevant Period is greater than 1 per cent. 
(on average), and/or (b) the average purchase price or the average selling price, (each of (a) 
and (b) determined by the Calculation Agent from the order book of the relevant Share on the 
relevant Exchange during the Relevant Period), in relation to the purchase or sale of Shares 
with a value equal to or greater than EUR 10,000.00 (or its equivalent in any other currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate), is greater than MID plus 1 per cent. of MID (in relation to a purchase 
of Shares) or lower than the MID minus 1 per cent. of MID (in relation to a sale of Shares). 
For these purposes, "MID" means an amount equal to (a) the sum of the bid price and the ask 
price, in each case for the relevant Share at the relevant time, (b) divided by two. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, (i) all the Shares of that Basket Company or 
Share Company, as the case may be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or 
other similar official or (ii) holders of the Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, 
as the case may be, become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Listing Change" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that such Shares cease (or will 
cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the listing compartment or the relevant market 
of the Exchange on which such Shares were listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Issue 
Date, for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer or where this is a De-
Listing). 
"Listing Suspension" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the listing of such Shares 
on the Exchange has been suspended (other than where this is a De-Listing).

--- Page 150 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
150 
 
 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of 
such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such 
Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, with or 
into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange in which such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares 
outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, that results in a transfer 
of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or the Share Company or its 
subsidiaries, as the case may be, with or into another entity in which the Basket Company or 
Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares 
(other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately 
following such event, in each case if the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is on or 
before (a) in the case of Cash Settled Notes, the latest of the last occurring Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, 
Observation Date or Valuation Date or, where Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, the 
final Averaging Date or (b) in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the relevant Maturity Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or 
otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 
30 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. (the "Percentage Range") of the outstanding voting 
shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory 
agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(c) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event: 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share or a Basket of Shares, the Issuer in its 
sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in (i) to (iii) below in respect of a 
Note relating to a Share or a Basket of Shares, and  the actions described in (iv) or (v) below 
in respect of a Note  relating to a Basket of Shares only: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting 
and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions 
and/or the Final Terms to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event, and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or 
liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Notes. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the relevant 
Extraordinary Event made by any options exchange to options on the Shares traded on that 
options exchange. In addition, in relation to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation Agent may 
adjust the Basket of Shares in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (v) below; 
(ii) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on such 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the 
"Options Exchange"), require the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to 
any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes 
are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the 
General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms, which 
adjustment will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the

--- Page 151 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
151 
 
 
effective date of the corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange. If options on 
the Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each 
case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the 
other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms 
as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, with 
reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the 
relevant Extraordinary Event, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would have 
given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded; or 
(iii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment has been proposed by the Options 
Exchange and that no other action will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer, 
in its sole and absolute discretion may, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13,  
(A) 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of 
an amount equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account the relevant 
Extraordinary Event (the "Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount"), less the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the "Modified Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount"), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event (the 
"Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date"), or 
(B) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the Calculated Extraordinary Event 
Amount on the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date, and 
redeem each Note on the scheduled Maturity Date by payment of the Calculated 
Extraordinary Event Amount. For avoidance of any doubt, the Calculated 
Extraordinary Event Amount shall not accrue any interest from the date of its 
calculation to the Maturity Date.  
In relation to paragraphs (A) and (B) above, notwithstanding General Condition 4(g), each 
Note shall cease to bear interest from and including the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount 
Determination Date and no interest amounts scheduled for payment thereafter (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, including any Specified Interest Amounts) shall be payable. 
(iv) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, redeem the Notes in part by 
giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If the Notes are so 
redeemed in part, the portion (the "Redeemed Amount") of each Note representing the 
affected Share(s) shall be redeemed and the Issuer will: 
(A) 
pay to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him an amount equal to the 
fair market value of the Redeemed Amount, taking into account the relevant 
Extraordinary Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(B) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these 
Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms to account for such redemption in 
part. For the avoidance of doubt the remaining part of each Note after such 
cancellation and adjustment shall remain outstanding with full force and effect. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13; 
(v) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, on or after the relevant 
Extraordinary Event Effective Date, require the Calculation Agent to adjust the Basket of 
Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share selection set 
out below (each, a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each, an "Affected Share") of each 
Basket Company (each, an "Affected Basket Company") which is affected by such 
Extraordinary Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be a "Share", and the issuer 
of such shares a "Basket Company", for the purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation Agent

--- Page 152 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
152 
 
 
will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting 
and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions 
and/or the Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable under the Notes was to be 
determined by reference to an initial price (the "Initial Price") of the Affected Share, the 
relevant Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price=A × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the fair market value of the relevant Affected Share on the Substitution Date 
(which may, where available, be determined by reference to the official closing price 
of the Affected Share on the relevant Exchange and/or such other source(s) as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate). 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed 
to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution 
Date") in its sole and absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below 
which may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the 
Weighting of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy the 
following criteria, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(A) 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer 
and the relevant share is not already included in the Basket of Shares, the 
relevant share shall be an ordinary share of the entity or person (other than 
the Affected Basket Company) involved in the Merger Event or the making 
of the Tender Offer, that is, or that as of the relevant Extraordinary Event 
Effective Date (i) is promptly scheduled to be, publicly quoted, traded or 
listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the European 
Union, in any member state of the European Union) and (ii) is not subject to 
any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading 
limitations; or 
(B) 
where (A) above does not apply, including in the case of an Extraordinary 
Event other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer: 
(1) 
the issuer of the share shall, to the extent possible, belong to the 
same economic sector as the Affected Basket Company and shall 
not already be included in the Basket of Shares; and 
(2) 
the issuer of the share shall, to the extent possible, have a 
comparable market capitalisation, international standing and 
exposure as the Affected Basket Company in respect of the 
Affected Share. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, if the Issuer determines that an adjustment in 
accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the occurrence of the 
Extraordinary Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto, including, in the case of a Share substitution, the identity of the Substitute Shares and 
the Substitution Date, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not 
affect the validity of any such Extraordinary Event or the proposed action.

--- Page 153 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
153 
 
 
4. 
Correction of Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the price of a Share, if 
the relevant price of the relevant Share published on a given day and used or to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published by the relevant Exchange within the number of days equal to the Share 
Correction Period of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant 
Share as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior 
to a due date for payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the price of a Share will be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
5. 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may 
take the action described in (i), (ii), (iii) or, in the case of Notes linked to a Basket of Shares 
only, (iv) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting 
and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions 
and/or the Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If 
the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each 
Note held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note taking into account 
the Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Additional Disruption 
Amount"), all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13; or 
(iii) 
require the Calculation Agent to calculate the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount as 
soon as practicable following the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event (the 
"Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity 
Date shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the 
Calculated Additional Disruption Amount plus interest accrued on the Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount on a daily basis from and including the Calculated Additional Disruption 
Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, each such daily accrual being 
at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost on or about the relevant day or (y) if greater its nominal 
amount; or 
(iv) 
in the case of Notes linked to a Basket of Shares, require Calculation Agent to adjust the 
Basket of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share 
selection set out below (each a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each an "Affected 
Share") which is affected by the Additional Disruption Event and the Substitute Share will be 
deemed to be a "Share" and the issuer of such shares a "Basket Company" for the purposes 
of the Notes, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity 
Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable under 
the Notes was to be determined by reference to an initial price (the "Initial Price") of the 
Affected Share, the Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price=A × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date;

--- Page 154 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
154 
 
 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the fair market value of the relevant Affected Share on the Substitution Date 
(which may, where available, be determined by reference to the official closing price 
of the Affected Share on the relevant Exchange and/or such other source(s) as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate). 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed 
to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution 
Date") in its sole and absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below 
which may, but need not, be the relevant date of the Additional Disruption Event. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the 
Weighting of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share 
which, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
is not already included in the Basket of Shares; 
(ii) 
the Issuer of such share belongs to the same economic sector as the Basket 
Company in respect of the Affected Share; and 
(iii) 
the Issuer of such share has a comparable market capitalisation, 
international standing and exposure as the Basket Company in respect of the 
Affected Share. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the 
Issuer as soon as practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, 
provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of 
the Additional Disruption Event or the proposed action. 
6. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
This Equity Linked Condition 6 is applicable only if: 
(i) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment 
under the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment 
under the relevant Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms 
is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation Time a 
Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event would otherwise have occurred and a Trading 
Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event 
or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided that if, by operation of 
this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur 
in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in 
Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of each Affected Share as at the Knock-in 
Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in 
the definition of Valuation Date.

--- Page 155 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
155 
 
 
(c) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms 
is any time or period of time other than the Valuation Time during the regular trading hours on 
the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day and at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the time 
at which the price of the Share would otherwise have triggered the Knock-in Event or the 
Knock-out Event, a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or 
exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, 
provided that if, by operation of this provision no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out 
Determination period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date 
shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of 
each Affected Share as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in 
accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date. 
7. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period as applicable, if on any or all 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Final Terms, an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs, the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable and the Issuer shall 
redeem each Note of a nominal amount equal to the Calculation Amount at an amount equal to the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
8. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms) Change of Law, (ii) 
Failure to Deliver (in the case of Notes to be redeemed by delivery), or (iii) any of Hedging Disruption, 
Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss Event, and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow, if specified in the Final Terms. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" an amount, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, being the Automatic Early Redemption Amount set out in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such date is 
not a Business Day, the next following Business Day and no Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or 
further payment in respect of any such delay.  
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger,  
(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the Automatic Early Redemption Range, as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified 
as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in 
the Final Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in these Equity Linked Conditions.

--- Page 156 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
156 
 
 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding 
provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the Final Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1.   
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Final Terms or, if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, then such date will be deemed not 
to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement Price 
provided that if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Dates would occur, then 
the provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of determining the 
relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a 
Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, then the provisions of the 
definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that 
was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(iii) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms then: 
(A) 
where the Notes are Equity Linked Notes relating to a single share, the Averaging 
Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined in (iii) below). If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging 
Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for 
that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of 
Valuation Date below; 
(B) 
where the Notes are Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, the 
Averaging Date for each Share shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to 
every Share forming part of the Basket of Shares. If the first succeeding Valid Date 
in relation to every Share forming part of the Basket of Shares has not occurred for 
a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the 
relevant Averaging Date, then (A) such Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to 
be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of every Share, and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of Valuation 
Date below; and 
(C) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Valid Date" means a Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does 
not occur. 
"Basket Company" means each company specified as such in the Final Terms; and 
"Basket Companies" means all such companies.

--- Page 157 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
157 
 
 
"Basket of Shares" means (i) a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the Final 
Terms in the Weightings or numbers of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the Final Terms.  
"Change of Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to 
the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of 
any relevant Share and/or (B) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to 
the Equity Linked Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the 
relevant Share. 
"Clearance System Business Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to clear the 
transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
"Coupon Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(i) 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session; 
(ii) 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(iii) 
where Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset 
Basis) are specified as applicable in the Final Terms for (i) Equity Linked Notes, (ii) Index 
Linked Notes and/or (iii) ETF Linked Notes, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as defined in 
the Index Linked Conditions and/or ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of relevant Exchange(s) or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) 
the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at 
the "Valuation Time" on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Share in 
the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day (Single Share 
Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of Shares or other assets, (a) Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) or 
(b) Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) or (c) Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as 
specified in the Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Final Terms, Exchange 
Business Day (All Shares Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading in respect of all Shares comprised 
in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each relevant Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of all Shares comprised in 
the basket of assets is open for trading during its regular trading session (notwithstanding any such relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time) which is also an Exchange 
Business Day under and as defined in the Index Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share is open for trading during its

--- Page 158 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
158 
 
 
respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant 
Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, the Shares on the relevant Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Event, the date on which such 
Extraordinary Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for such 
Shares. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk 
including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Notes, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of Shares that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates deems necessary to hedge 
the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price 
risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer, issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to borrow 
any Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in relation to such 
Share in the Final Terms. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has instituted against it by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction 
over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it 
consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, 
provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share 
Company or Basket Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Final Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to;

--- Page 159 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
159 
 
 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms, 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as 
such in the Final Terms or in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the 
Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Final Terms 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Final Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms, 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 
5.1. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified 
as such in the Final Terms or in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the 
Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Share in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares 
at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 160 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
160 
 
 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Equity Linked Notes relating to a single Share or a Basket of 
Shares, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, determines is material, 
at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event, begins or ends at the time when the level of the relevant Share triggers respectively the 
occurrence of the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event or (b) in all other circumstances that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Final Terms, or if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the corresponding 
provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Final Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system on which option 
contracts or futures contracts relating to such Share are traded, or each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such Share in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Share has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the 
Related Exchange in the Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or 
options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Relevant Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation 
Date, as the case may be, in the case of a Share, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in 
the Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Final 
Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, the relevant 
Averaging Date or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, 
as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the 
arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time 
on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Final 
Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the 
relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Final Terms) for the 
Share based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or 
middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) engaged in the trading of the Share or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours subject as 
provided in Valuation Time below. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share 
Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) or (b) Scheduled 
Trading Day (Per Share Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in 
the Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Shares Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading in respect of all Shares comprised in 
the Basket of Shares for their respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of all Shares comprised in the basket of assets is

--- Page 161 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
161 
 
 
scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session which is also a Scheduled Trading Day for the 
purpose of the Index Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)" means in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange and the 
relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s). 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Share, any original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the Final Terms, or any successor page or service thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days following a 
trade in the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such 
Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or 
Valuation Date, as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a single Share, (A) if Averaging is not specified 
in the Final Terms, the Relevant Price for the relevant Settlement Price Date, or (B) if 
Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices of the 
Share on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent in a 
commercially reasonable manner; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, (A) if Averaging is not 
specified in the Final Terms, the Relevant Price for the relevant Settlement Price Date, or (ii) 
if Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Prices for 
each Share in the Basket of Shares on each Averaging Date, all as determined by or on behalf 
of the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Price Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Shares" and "Share" mean in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, each share and, in 
the case of an issue of Notes relating to a single Share, the share specified in the Final Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Share Company" means, in the case of an issue of Notes relating to a single Share, the company that has 
issued such Share. 
"Share Correction Period" means (i) the period specified in the Final Terms, or (ii) if none is so specified, one 
Settlement Cycle. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means five (5) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Final Terms. 
"Stop-Loss Event" means, in respect of a Share, the price of any Share as quoted on the relevant Exchange for 
such Share at any time or the Scheduled Closing Time, as specified in the Final Terms, on any Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Share on or after the Trade Date or, if later the Strike 
Date, is less than 5 per cent., or such percentage specified in the Final Terms, of its Strike Price or, if no Strike 
Price is stipulated in the Final Terms, the price given as the benchmark price for such Share in the Final Terms, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Final Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below, provided that:  
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, if the Strike Date for any share forming part of 
the Basket of Shares is specified to be the Trade Date (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to any adjustments 
relating to the Strike Date that are set out in the Final Terms) then: 
(i) if the Strike Date for any Share forming part of the Basket of Shares is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
Strike Date for such Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; unless (ii) in the opinion of the

--- Page 162 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
162 
 
 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day.  If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date for such 
Share, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Share 
forming part of the Basket of Shares unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to 
the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted 
Day in respect of such Share.  
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the 
relevant Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to such Share, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the price of that Share as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating such price last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each Share comprised in that Basket of Shares (or, 
if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Share on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the price for the relevant Share as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with the 
above provisions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Final Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Share or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Coupon Valuation Date, Strike Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. 
If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a single Share, the Valuation Date shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Settlement Price in the manner set out in the Final Terms or, if not set out 
or if not practicable, determine the Settlement Price in accordance with its good faith estimate 
of the Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on that the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Equity Linked Notes relating to a Basket of Shares, the Valuation Date for each 
Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of any Shares forming part of the Basket of Shares unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to any Share 
of the Basket of Shares. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Valuation Date for each Share of the Basket of Shares, notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to any Share, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Settlement Price using, in relation to the relevant Affected Share, 
the level or value as applicable, determined in the manner set out in the Final Terms, and, in 
the case of a Share, a price determined in the manner set out in the Final Terms or, if not set 
out or if not practicable, using its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Share as of 
the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions. 
"Valuation Time" means Coupon Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the 
Final Terms or, if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the 
relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, in relation to each Share to be valued provided 
that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is 
after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Coupon Valuation Time or the Valuation 
Time, as the case may be, shall be such actual closing time.

--- Page 163 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
163 
 
 
"Weighting" means the weighting to be applied to each item of the Basket of Shares as specified in the Final 
Terms or if no weighting is so specified then no weighting shall apply to any such item.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
ANNEX 4 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to ETF Linked Notes shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for ETF Linked Notes linked to one or 
more ETFs set out below (the "ETF Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in 
each other Annex which is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final 
Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the ETF Linked Conditions, the 
ETF Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the ETF Linked Conditions and 
the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Disrupted Day  
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
an Averaging Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out Determination Day, an Observation 
Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2. 
Potential ETF Events and Extraordinary ETF Events 
(a) 
Potential ETF Events 
(i) 
"Potential ETF Events" means any of the following: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation, or reclassification of relevant ETF Shares or a free 
distribution or dividend of any such ETF Shares to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant ETF Shares of 
(A) such ETF Shares or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to 
payment of dividends and/or proceeds of liquidation of the ETF equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such ETF Shares; (C) share 
capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the ETF, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction; or (D) 
any of other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (in cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
a call by an ETF in respect of relevant ETF Shares that are not fully paid; and 
(E) 
a repurchase by the ETF or its subsidiaries of relevant ETF Shares whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; or 
(F) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETF Shares. 
(ii) 
"Potential ETF Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential ETF Event, the date 
on which such Potential ETF Event is announced by the relevant ETF, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(iii) 
Following the declaration by the ETF of the terms of any Potential ETF Event, the Calculation 
Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential ETF Event 
has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETF Shares and, if so, will 
(i) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting 
and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or 
the Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments 
will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or 
liquidity relative to the relevant ETF Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment

--- Page 165 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
165 
 
 
by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential ETF Event made by an options 
exchange ("ETF Exchange Based Adjustment") to options on the ETF Shares traded on that 
options exchange. 
(iv) 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
shall, other than where ETF Exchange Based Adjustment applies, notify the Issuer as soon as 
practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13, stating the occurrence of the Potential ETF Event, 
giving details thereof and the adjustment to be taken in relation thereto, provided that any 
failure to give or non-receipt of such notice will not affect the validity of such Potential ETF 
Event or Potential ETF Event Effective Date or the adjustment in relation thereto. 
(b) 
Extraordinary ETF Events 
"Extraordinary ETF Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the occurrence at 
any time on or after the Issue Date of any of the following events and any applicable Additional 
Extraordinary ETF Event: 
(i) 
the ETF or any ETF Service Provider (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of any ETF Service 
Provider, ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, custodian, prime 
brokerage or any other relevant business (as applicable), (ii) is dissolved or has a resolution 
passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (iii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iv) (1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of 
its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not 
described in sub-clause (iv)(1) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or 
liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or 
becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(vi) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii) causes or 
is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has an effect analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; 
(ii) 
the occurrence of any Merger Event or Tender Offer (unless Tender Offer is specified as not 
applicable in the Final Terms), where: 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant ETF Shares, any (i) reclassification or 
change of such ETF Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to 
transfer all of such ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of an ETF with or into another entity or 
person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which 
such ETF is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of 
all of such ETF Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 
100 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares of the ETF that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares (other than such ETF Shares owned 
or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the ETF or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the 
ETF is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all 
such ETF Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding ETF Shares (other than ETF 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively

--- Page 166 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
166 
 
 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares immediately following such 
event, in each case if the date of the occurrence of the Extraordinary ETF Event is on or 
before (a) in the case of Cash Settled Notes, the latest of the last occurring Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, 
Observation Date or Valuation Date or, where Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, the 
final Averaging Date or (b) in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the relevant Maturity Date; 
and 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or 
otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 
30 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. (the "Percentage Range") of the outstanding voting 
shares of the ETF, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the 
making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as 
the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(iii) 
(a) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the ETF, or any ETF 
Service Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably 
determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (b) the 
commencement or threat of any investigative, judicial, administrative, regulatory or other civil 
or criminal proceedings against the ETF, any ETF Service Provider or any key personnel of 
such entities, if such allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings could (in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent) have an adverse impact on a Hedge Provider's rights or obligations 
in relation to hedging activities in respect of the Notes or could materially affect the value of 
the ETF Shares; 
(iv) 
any ETF Service Provider or other agent or entity fulfilling such role, howsoever described in 
the ETF Documents as at the Issue Date, ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the ETF 
and is not immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent; 
(v) 
(i) any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions or investment process (howsoever 
described) of the ETF are modified from that set out in the ETF Documents except where such 
change is of a formal, minor or technical nature or (ii) a material modification of the type of 
assets in which the ETF invests (including but not limited to a material deviation from the 
investment objectives, investment restrictions or investment process (howsoever described) set 
out in the ETF Documents); 
(vi) 
a material modification of the ETF (including but not limited to a modification of the ETF 
Documents) or a material modification of the method of calculating the net asset value per 
ETF Share (if any), or any change in the period or timing of the calculation or the publication 
of the net asset value per ETF Share (if any) or the occurrence of any event which in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent has or may have an adverse impact on the ETF or 
investors in the ETF (including, without limitation, the suspension of the net asset value per 
ETF Share (if any)), in each case other than a modification or event which does not affect the 
ETF Shares or the ETF or any portfolio of assets to which the ETF Share relate (either alone 
or in common with other ETF Shares issued by the ETF); 
(vii) 
any ETF Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, 
with any information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the 
investment portfolio of the ETF; 
(viii) 
(i) the occurrence of any event affecting a ETF Share that, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to 
determine the value of the relevant ETF Share; (ii) any failure of the ETF, or its authorised 
representative, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (1) information that the ETF has agreed to 
deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Calculation Agent or Hedge Provider, or (2) 
information that has been previously delivered to any Hedge Provider or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the ETF's, or its authorised representative's, normal 
practice and that any Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, to monitor such ETF's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation 
methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the relevant ETF Share;

--- Page 167 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
167 
 
 
(ix) 
a reduction of the ETF's aggregate value or the reduction of the ETF's aggregate net asset 
value under an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is 
likely to have, a significant effect on the management conditions of the ETF and/or its 
operating expenses or would increase the proportion of ETF Shares held, or likely to be held, 
by the Issuer, Guarantor or Hedge Provider to such extent that the full redemption in one 
single order of the ETF Shares held by the Issuer, Guarantor or Hedge Provider is likely to be 
impaired; 
(x) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the ETF or the ETF Service Providers are or 
become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance 
with any present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, (ii) a 
relevant authorisation or licence is revoked or is under review by a competent authority in 
respect of the ETF or the ETF Service Providers, (iii) the ETF is required by a competent 
authority to redeem any ETF Shares and/or (iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any Hedge 
Provider is required by a competent authority, the ETF or any other relevant entity to dispose 
of or compulsorily redeem any ETF Shares held in connection with any hedging arrangements 
relating to the Notes; 
(xi) 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the ETF for any reason of a subscription or 
redemption order in respect of any ETF Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, any 
non-execution by the ETF pending completion of its fiscal audit), if such non-execution or 
partial execution could in the sole determination of any Hedge Provider have an adverse 
impact on any Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging activities in 
relation to the Notes, (ii) the ETF otherwise suspends or refuses transfers of any of its ETF 
Shares as described in the ETF Documents, (iii) if applicable, the ETF ceases to be an 
undertaking for collective investments under the relevant jurisdiction's legislation, (iv) the 
ETF otherwise suspends or refuses redemptions of any of its ETF Shares (including, without 
limitation, if the ETF applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar provisions 
permitting the ETF to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of ETF Shares) as described in 
the ETF Documents, (v) the ETF imposes in whole or in part any restriction (including, 
without limitation, any redemption in specie), charge or fee in respect of a redemption or 
subscription of its ETF Shares by the Issuer or any Hedge Provider or exercises its right to 
claw back the proceeds already paid on redeemed ETF Shares, if in any case it could in the 
sole determination of any Hedge Provider have an adverse impact on any Hedge Provider's 
rights or obligations in relation to its hedging activities in relation to the Notes, (vi) a 
mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the ETF Shares is imposed by the ETF on any 
one or more holders of ETF Shares at any time for any reason or (vii) the Issuer, any Hedge 
Provider, or any Affiliate thereof, is required by the ETF or ETF Service Provider to redeem 
any ETF Shares for any reason; 
(xii) 
all the ETF Shares or all or substantially all the assets of an ETF are nationalised, expropriated 
or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof; 
(xiii) 
the currency or denomination of the ETF Share is amended from that set out in the ETF 
Documents as at the Trade Date; 
(xiv) 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the ETF ceases 
to act in such capacity, and the ETF or relevant ETF Service Provider fails to appoint a 
replacement having similar qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals ceasing 
to act; 
(xv) 
following the issue by a ETF of a new class or series (howsoever described in the ETF 
Documents) of shares, the Calculation Agent, determines that such new class or series of 
shares has or may have an adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in 
relation to the Notes; 
(xvi) 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations 
relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging 
arrangements entered into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Notes (a "Tax Event") and, 
subject as provided below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar 
month following the day the relevant Tax Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts 
to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by seeking to transfer such hedging

--- Page 168 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
168 
 
 
arrangements to any of its Affiliates, provided that the Issuer or the Hedge Provider shall not 
under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss 
or expense of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed 
satisfied on any date the Calculation Agent determines that there is no reasonable means of 
mitigating the Tax Event as provided above; 
(xvii) 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Notes, as a result of any adoption 
of, or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after 
the Issue Date, or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the 
interpretation, whether formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or 
similar administrative or judicial body of any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, 
howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other relevant event (each a 
"Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Issuer or the Hedge 
Provider to hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider or 
the Issuer to adversely modify any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that 
would adversely affect the amount of regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in 
respect of any holding of ETF Shares or that would subject a holder of the ETF Shares or the 
Issuer to any loss), purchase or sell any ETF Shares of the ETF or for the Issuer or the Hedge 
Provider to maintain such hedging arrangements, (ii) the cost to the Issuer or the Hedge 
Provider of such hedging activities would be materially increased for any reason or (iii) the 
Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss and, subject as provided 
below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar week following the 
day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the effect of 
the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to any of its Affiliates, 
provided that the Issuer or the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to 
take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of 
one calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date the Calculation Agent 
determines that that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Relevant Event as provided 
above; 
(xviii) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, if the cost to the Issuer or the 
Hedge Provider in relation to the Notes and the related hedging activities would be materially 
increased or the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss relating 
to the Notes and the related hedging activities; 
(xix) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, the Hedge Provider is unable 
or it becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset or any futures or option 
contracts on the relevant Exchange it deems necessary to hedge the equity, commodity or 
other underlying ETF asset price risk or any other relevant price risk, including but not limited 
to the Issuer's obligations under the Securities, or (b) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds 
of any such transaction, asset or futures or option contract or any relevant hedge positions 
relating to an ETF Share of the ETF; 
(xx) 
at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur an 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, 
capital and/or funding costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain 
the Notes;  
(xxi) 
the Issuer becomes legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming its holding of ETF 
Shares; 
(xxii) 
the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the relevant 
ETF Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for 
any reason and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where the Exchange 
is located in the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock 
Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their respective successors) or 
otherwise (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the 
European Union);  
(xxiii) 
(i) the occurrence of the reclassification of the ETF Shares; or

--- Page 169 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
169 
 
 
(ii) (A) proposal for or (B) the occurrence of the acquisition of the ETF by, or the aggregation 
of the ETF into, another fund the mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks of which the 
Calculation Agent determines to be different from the mandate, risk-profile and/or 
benchmarks of the ETF as compared to the Trade Date of the ETF Linked Notes (or any 
proposal for the foregoing occurs); or 
(xxiv) 
(i) any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the ETF or the 
ETF Shares  by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the ETF or 
the ETF Shares; 
(ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the ETF, any ETF 
Service Provider or the ETF Shares that the Calculation Agent determines has or is reasonably 
likely to have an adverse impact on the investors in the ETF or the holders of the ETF Shares 
or on the value of the ETF Shares, or 
(iii) the ETF or any ETF Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding 
or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving any 
activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the ETF. 
(c) 
Consequences of an Extraordinary ETF Event 
If an Extraordinary ETF Event occurs, including any Additional Extraordinary ETF Event specified in 
the Final Terms the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take any of the actions (each an 
"Extraordinary ETF Event Action") described in subparagraphs (i) to (iii) inclusive below. 
(i) 
Adjustment  
If the Issuer determines that the action taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETF Event is to 
be "Adjustment" then it may:  
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the 
appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in the case where the Notes are Physical Delivery 
Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, 
these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the 
relevant the Extraordinary ETF Event and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to 
account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relevant to the ETF Shares or to the Notes. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the 
relevant Extraordinary ETF Event made by any options exchange to options on the 
ETF Shares traded on that options exchange; or 
(B) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the ETF Shares 
traded on such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion 
shall select (the "Options Exchange"), require the Calculation Agent to make a 
corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these ETF Linked 
Conditions and/or the Final Terms, which adjustment will be effective as of the date 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding 
adjustment made by the Options Exchange. If options on the ETF Shares are not 
traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if 
any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case 
where the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the 
other terms of the General Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Final 
Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options 
Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event, that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the 
Options Exchange if such options were so traded. 
(ii) 
Substitution

--- Page 170 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
170 
 
 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETF Event 
is to be "Substitution", the Calculation shall on or after the occurrence of any Extraordinary 
ETF Event, substitute each ETF Share (each an "Affected ETF Share") of each ETF (each, 
an "Affected ETF") which is affected by such Extraordinary ETF Event with an ETF Share 
selected by it in accordance with the criteria for ETF Share selection set out below (each a 
"Substitute ETF Share") and the Substitute ETF Share will be deemed to be an "ETF 
Share" and the relevant issuer of such Substitute ETF Share, an "ETF" for the purposes of the 
Notes, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Notes are Physical Delivery 
Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these 
ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable 
under the Notes was to be determined by reference to an initial price (the "Initial Price") of 
the Affected ETF Share, the relevant Initial Price of each Substitute ETF Share will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price = A x (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute ETF Share on the relevant Exchange 
on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected ETF Share; and  
"C" is the fair market value of the relevant Affected ETF Share on the Substitution Date 
(which may, where available, be determined by reference to the official closing price of the 
Affected Share on the relevant Exchange and/or such other source(s) as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate). 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the ETF Basket will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") in its sole 
and absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, 
be the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute ETF Share will be equal to the Weighting of the relevant 
Affected ETF Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute ETF Share, the relevant share/unit/interest must satisfy 
the following criteria, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion: 
(A) 
where the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer 
(a) in the case of ETF Shares related to a single ETF, and (b) in the case of ETF 
Shares related to an ETF Basket, the relevant share/unit/interest shall be an ordinary 
share/unit/interest of the entity or person that in the case of a Merger Event is the 
continuing entity in respect of the Merger Event or in the case of a Tender Offer is 
the entity making the Tender Offer provided that (i) the relevant share/unit/interest 
is not already included in the ETF Basket and (ii) it is or as of the relevant 
Extraordinary ETF Event Effective Date is promptly scheduled to be (x) publicly 
quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same 
country as the relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any member state of the European Union) and (y) not subject to 
any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations; or 
(B) 
(a) where the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event is a Merger Event or a Tender 
Offer and a share/unit/interest would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in 
paragraph (A) above, but such share/unit/interest is (in the case of an ETF Share 
related to an ETF Basket), already included in the ETF Basket, or (b) where the 
Extraordinary ETF Event is not a Merger Event or a Tender Offer, an alternative 
exchange traded instrument which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
has similar characteristics to the relevant ETF, including but not limited to, a 
comparable listing, investment objectives, investment restrictions and investment 
processes underlying asset pools and whose related parties are acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent;

--- Page 171 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
171 
 
 
(C) 
if no alternative traded instrument can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub-
paragraph (B) above, use reasonable endeavours to substitute the relevant ETF with 
an index (or a fund tracking an index) selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion; and  
(D) 
following any such substitution (a "Substitution"), in its sole and absolute 
discretion amend such of the General Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions 
and/or the Final Terms as it determines to be appropriate to take account of such 
Substitution, including to ensure the weighted average price referred to in (i) above 
(and any consequent rise or fall in value of the affected ETF Share since the Issue 
Date) is reflected in the terms of the Substitution. 
(iii) 
Termination  
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETF Event 
is to be "Termination", upon the occurrence of a Termination Event the Issuer (i) shall 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes on the Termination Date by payment to each 
Noteholder of the Termination Amount. For avoidance of any doubt, the Termination Amount 
shall not accrue any interest from the date of its calculation to the Termination Date. 
Notwithstanding General Condition 4(g), each Note shall cease to bear interest from and 
including the Calculated Extraordinary ETF Event Amount Determination Date and no 
interest amounts scheduled for payment thereafter (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
including any Specified Interest Amounts) shall be payable. 
(iv) 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETF Event, if the Issuer determines that an 
adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall give notice as soon as 
practicable (an "Extraordinary Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices) stating the occurrence of such Extraordinary ETF Event (the 
date on which an Extraordinary Event Notice is given, an "Extraordinary ETF Event 
Notification Date"), giving details thereof and the action to be taken in relation thereto, 
including, in the case of a Substitution, the identity of the Substitute ETF Shares and the 
Substitution Date and, in the case of a Termination, details of any Termination Date and 
Termination Amount (where applicable), provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, 
such notice will not affect the validity of any such Extraordinary ETF Event or the proposed 
action. 
3. 
Correction of ETF Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the price of an ETF 
Share, if the relevant price of the relevant ETF Share published on a given day and used or to be used 
by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes is subsequently corrected and the 
correction is published by the relevant Exchange within the number of days equal to the ETF Share 
Correction Period of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant ETF 
Share as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior 
to a due date for payment under the Notes calculated by reference to the price of an ETF Share will be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
4. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event  
(a) 
This ETF Linked Condition 4 is applicable only if: 
(i) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment 
under the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment 
under the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) 
Provided that: 
(i) 
if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms 
is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation Time a

--- Page 172 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
172 
 
 
Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event would otherwise have occurred and a Trading 
Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event 
or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of 
this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur 
in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in 
Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of each affected ETF Share as at the Knock-in 
Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in 
the definition of Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms 
is any time/or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange other 
than the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Knock-in 
Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event would 
otherwise have occurred and a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure 
occurs or exists, then, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred, provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-
out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date 
shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of 
each affected ETF Share as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in 
accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date.  
5. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period if on any or all Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event occurs, then the Notes will, subject as provided in ETF Linked Condition 2(c), be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following 
such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period 
and the Issuer shall redeem each Note at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount. 
6. 
Definitions 
"Additional Extraordinary ETF Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms) Change 
in Law, (ii) Failure to Deliver (in the case of notes to be redeemed by delivery), or (iii) any of Hedging 
Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss Event 
and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified in the Final Terms. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or 
indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, control means ownership of a 
majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means an amount, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic Early Redemption Amount set out in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such date 
is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, provided that no additional amount shall 
be payable to Holders as a result of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger,

--- Page 173 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
173 
 
 
(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the Automatic Early Redemption Range, as 
specified in the Final Terms, 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such 
in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in ETF Linked Condition 2(c)(i) above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to 
time in accordance with the provisions set forth in these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date as specified as such in the Final Terms 
or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then 
the corresponding provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references 
in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given it in the Final Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1 
(General Definitions). 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Final Terms or, if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day.  
If any such day is a Disrupted Day pursuant to the above, then: 
(a) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, then such date will be deemed not to be an 
Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount, as applicable, 
provided that if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur, then the 
provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date; or 
(b) if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, the provisions of the definition of 
Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on that 
Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date irrespective of whether, pursuant to 
such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be 
an Averaging Date, or 
(c) if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms then: 
(A) 
where the Notes are ETF Linked Notes relating to a single ETF, the Averaging Date 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding 
Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted 
Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), 
and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Valuation 
Date below; 
(B) 
where the Notes are ETF Linked Notes relating to an ETF Basket, the Averaging 
Date for each ETF Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the originally designated Averaging Date (the "Scheduled Averaging Date") and the 
Averaging Date for each ETF Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such ETF 
Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such ETF Share has not 
occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for 
the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the 
relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be 
the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled

--- Page 174 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
174 
 
 
Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of such ETF Share, and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Valuation 
Date below; and 
(C) 
for the purposes of these ETF Linked Conditions, "Valid Date" means a Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does 
not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (i) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or 
(ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to 
hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant ETF Share and/or (B) it will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations in relation to the ETF Linked Notes (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates). 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in 
the relevant securities. 
"Clearance System Business Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions. 
"Coupon Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(a) 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session; 
(b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(c) where Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis) are 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms for (i) ETF Linked Notes, (ii) Index Linked Notes and/or (iii) 
Equity Linked Notes, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as defined in the Index Linked Conditions 
and/or Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of 
(i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) 
on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange 
or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day.  
"ETF" means any fund specified as being an Exchange Traded Fund in the Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, any fund which the Calculation Agent determines to be an exchange traded fund. 
"ETF Basket" means a Basket comprising the ETF Shares in one or more ETFs specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"ETF Documents" means, with respect to any ETF Share, the offering documents in effect on the Trade 
Date specifying among other things the terms and conditions relating to such ETF and for the avoidance of 
any doubt any other documents and agreements in respect of the ETF, as may be further described in any 
offering documents. 
"ETF Service Provider" means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, 
directly or indirectly, for such ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any 
investment advisor or manager, fund adviser, fund administrator, operator, management company, 
depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, 
domiciliary agent and any other person as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"ETF Share(s)" means, in respect of an ETF, a share or unit in such ETF.

--- Page 175 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
175 
 
 
"ETF Share Correction Period" means the period specified in the Final Terms or if none is so specified, 
one Settlement Cycle. 
"Exchange" means, in relation to a ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for 
such ETF Share in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETF Share has temporarily relocated (provided that 
the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF Share on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETF Share, Exchange Business Day 
(Single ETF Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of ETFs or other assets, (a) Exchange Business Day 
(All ETF Shares Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Share Basis) or (c) Exchange Business Day 
(Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is 
made in the Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All ETF Shares Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All ETF Shares Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s) 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of an ETF Basket, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which each relevant Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of all ETFs 
comprised in the ETF Basket is open for trading during its regular trading session(s) (notwithstanding any 
such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time) which is also an 
Exchange Business Day under and as defined in the Index Linked Conditions and/or Equity Linked 
Conditions, as applicable. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Share Basis)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such 
ETF Share are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such 
relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single ETF Share Basis)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related 
Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, the ETF Share on the Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the ETF Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
"Extraordinary ETF Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary ETF Event, the date on 
which such Extraordinary ETF Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion. 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the 
Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market 
for such Relevant Assets. 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent, an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in 
respect of the Notes or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a hypothetical investor, who 
shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or 
be deemed to hold such number of ETF Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement to 
purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number of ETF Shares as it (or in 
the case of a hypothetical investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a 
hedge for its exposure under the relevant Notes. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the fund price risk or any other relevant 
price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), issuing

--- Page 176 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
176 
 
 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, 
repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of ETF Shares that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates deems necessary 
to hedge the price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, fund price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate 
risk) of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to 
borrow any ETF Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in 
relation to such ETF Share in the Final Terms. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that an ETF institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or 
any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents 
to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided 
that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the ETF shall not be 
deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in these ETF Linked 
Conditions. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Final Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or 
(y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms, 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-in 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-in 
Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the Final Terms or in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation 
Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time.

--- Page 177 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
177 
 
 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 
5.1.  
"Knock-out Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with ETF Linked Condition 2(c)(i).  
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Final Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(v) 
greater than, 
(vi) 
greater than or equal to, 
(vii) 
less than or 
(viii) 
less than or equal to 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day 
or (y) in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the Final Terms or, in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out 
Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in the Payout 
Condition 5.1. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any ETF Share in an amount equal to the Hedging 
Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption or (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, 
at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event, begins or ends at the time when the level of the relevant ETF Share triggers, respectively, 
the occurrence of the Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event or (b) in all other circumstances that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means (i) the number of calendar days specified in the Final Terms, 
or (ii) if not specified in the Final Terms, the maximum number of days after the due date for publication or 
reporting of the net asset value per ETF Share after which the ETF Service Provider or any entity fulfilling 
such role, howsoever described in the ETF Documents, or any other party acting on behalf of the ETF, may 
remedy any failure to publish or report the net asset value per ETF Share in accordance with the relevant 
ETF Documents and before the Calculation Agent may determine that an Extraordinary ETF Event has 
occurred. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Final Terms, or if any such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then

--- Page 178 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
178 
 
 
the corresponding provisions in the definition of Valuation Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references 
in such provisions to Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Final Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such for such ETF Share in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such ETF 
Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such ETF Share on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that 
where All Exchanges is specified as the Related Exchange in the Final Terms, Related Exchange shall mean 
each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such ETF Share. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange on which an ETF Share is traded and/or listed, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETF and in relation to an ETF Share, 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of an ETF Basket, (a) Scheduled Trading 
Day (All ETF Shares Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Share Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading 
Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification 
is made in the Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All ETF Shares Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Shares Basis)" means any day on which each Exchange and each 
Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of all ETFs comprised in the basket of assets is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session which is also a Scheduled Trading Day for 
the purpose of the Index Linked Conditions and/or the Equity Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Share Basis)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any day on which 
the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such ETF Share are scheduled to be 
open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Share Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange and 
the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s). 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any day which but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day would have 
been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the Final Terms, or any successor page or service thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in the ETF Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to 
the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Observation Date, Valuation Date or 
Averaging Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time or 
Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the relevant Settlement Price 
Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Final Terms) quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for such ETF Share on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the Final Terms, the Observation Date, 
the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, an Averaging Date (or if, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time or 
Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Final Terms) cannot be so determined 
and the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying 
price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date,

--- Page 179 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
179 
 
 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, 
if so specified in the Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at 
the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as the case may be, on the 
Valuation Date, Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the Final Terms) for the 
ETF Share based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices 
or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such ETF Share or on such other factors as the Calculation 
Agent shall decide). 
"Settlement Price Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means five (5) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number 
of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Final Terms. 
"Stop-Loss Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the price of any ETF Share as quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for such ETF Share at any time or the Scheduled Closing Time, as specified in the Final Terms, on 
any Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such ETF Share on or after the Trade 
Date or, if later the Strike Date, is less than 5 per cent., or such percentage specified in the Final Terms, of its 
Settlement Price or, if no Settlement Price is stipulated in the Final Terms, the price given as the benchmark 
price for such ETF Share in the Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Final Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below, provided that:  
in the case of ETF Linked Notes relating to a ETF Basket, if the Strike Date for any ETF Share forming part 
of the ETF Basket is specified to be the Trade Date (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to any adjustments 
relating to the Strike Date that are set out in the Final Terms) then: 
(i) if the Strike Date for any ETF Share forming part of the ETF Basket is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
Strike Date for such ETF Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; unless (ii) in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day.  If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the 
Strike Date for such ETF Share, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day in respect of such ETF Share forming part of the ETF Basket unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of such ETF Share.  
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for 
the relevant ETF Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to such ETF 
Share, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the ETF Share as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the price of that ETF Share last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using 
the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day of each ETF Share comprised in that ETF Basket (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day 
has occurred in respect of the relevant ETF Share on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its 
good faith estimate of the value for the relevant ETF Share as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Final Terms. 
"Termination Amount" means amount equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account the 
relevant Extraordinary ETF Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event (the 
"Calculated Extraordinary ETF Event Amount Determination Date").  
"Termination Date" means (i) the date determined by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt shall be 
any date determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion) and specified in the notice given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in relation to an ETF Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating

--- Page 180 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
180 
 
 
to the ETF Share on the Exchange; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the ETF Share on any 
relevant Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Coupon Valuation Date, Strike Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted 
Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of ETF Linked Notes relating to a single ETF Share, the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price in 
accordance with its good faith estimate of the Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on that the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) in the case of ETF Linked Notes relating to a Basket of ETF Shares, the Valuation Date for each ETF 
Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the 
Valuation Date for each ETF Share affected (each an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating 
to the Affected Item unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price 
using its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Valuation Time" in relation to an ETF Share means either (i) the close of trading on the Exchange or (ii) as 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
"Weighting", in relation to an ETF Share, the weighting to be applied to it as specified in the Final Terms or 
if no weighting is so specified then no such weighting shall apply.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
ANNEX 5 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Fund Linked Notes shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Fund Linked Notes set out below 
(the "Fund Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Fund Linked Conditions, the Fund Linked Conditions 
shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Fund Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, 
the Payout Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Extraordinary Fund Events 
"Extraordinary Fund Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the occurrence at 
any time on or after the Issue Date of any of the following events and any applicable Additional 
Extraordinary Fund Event: 
(a) 
all the Fund Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalized, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof; 
(b) 
by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-
up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (i) all the Fund Shares of that Fund are required to 
be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the Fund Shares of that 
Fund become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them; 
(c) 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider (i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, 
winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (ii) 
makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (1) institutes or 
has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or 
the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such 
proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in sub-clause (iii)(1) 
above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained; (iv) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all 
or substantially all its assets; (v) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets 
or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such 
process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vi) causes or is subject to 
any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect 
analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (v) above; 
(d) 
the commencement of any investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings 
against the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any key personnel of such entities, if such proceedings 
could (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) have an adverse impact on a Hedge Provider's rights or 
obligations in relation to hedging activities in respect of the Notes; 
(e) 
any Fund Service Provider or other agent or entity fulfilling such role, howsoever described in the Fund 
Documents as at the Issue Date, ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund and is not 
immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(f) 
(i) any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions or investment process (howsoever 
described) of the Fund are modified from that set out in the Fund Documents except where such change 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or (ii) a material modification of the type of assets in which the 
Fund invests (including but not limited to a material deviation from the investment objectives, 
investment restrictions or investment process (howsoever described) set out in the Fund Documents);

--- Page 182 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
182 
 
 
(g) 
a material modification of the Fund (including but not limited to a modification of the Fund 
Documents) or a material modification of the method of calculating the net asset value per Fund Share, 
or any change in the period or timing of the calculation or the publication of the net asset value per 
Fund Share or the occurrence of any event which in the determination of the Calculation Agent has or 
may have an adverse impact on the Fund or investors in the Fund (including, without limitation, the 
suspension of the net asset value per Fund Share), in each case other than a modification or event 
which does not affect the Fund Shares or the Fund or any portfolio of assets to which the Fund Share 
relate (either alone or in common with other Fund Shares issued by the Fund); 
(h) 
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, with any 
information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the investment portfolio of 
the Fund; 
(i) 
(i) the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Share that, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the value of 
the relevant Fund Share; (ii) any failure of the Fund, or its authorised representative, to deliver, or 
cause to be delivered, (1) information that the Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to 
the Calculation Agent or Hedge Provider, or (2) information that has been previously delivered to any 
Hedge Provider or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the Fund's, or its authorised 
representative's, normal practice and that any Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, to monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset 
allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the relevant Fund Share; 
(j) 
any of the Fund, the Fund Service Providers, howsoever described in the Fund Documents, or any other 
party acting on behalf of the Fund fails for any reason to calculate and publish the NAV per Fund Share 
within the Number of NAV Publication Days following any date scheduled for the determination of the 
valuation of the Fund Shares unless the cause of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and 
outside the control of the entity responsible for such publication; 
(k) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or the Fund Service Providers are or become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any present 
or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative 
or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, (ii) a relevant authorisation or licence is 
revoked or is under review by a competent authority in respect of the Fund Service Providers, (iii) the 
Fund is required by a competent authority to redeem any Fund Shares and/or (iv) the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or any Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority, the Fund or any other 
relevant entity to dispose of or compulsorily redeem any Fund Shares held in connection with any 
hedging arrangements relating to the Notes; 
(l) 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription or redemption 
order in respect of any Fund Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, any non-execution by 
the Fund pending completion of its fiscal audit), if such non-execution or partial execution could in the 
sole determination of any Hedge Provider have an adverse impact on any Hedge Provider's rights or 
obligations in relation to its hedging activities in relation to the Notes, (ii) the Fund otherwise suspends 
or refuses transfers of any of its Fund Shares as described in the Fund Documents, (iii) if applicable, 
the Fund ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the relevant jurisdiction's 
legislation, (iv) the Fund otherwise suspends or refuses redemptions of any of its Fund Shares 
(including, without limitation, if the Fund applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar 
provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of Fund Shares) as described 
in the Fund Documents, (v) the Fund imposes in whole or in part any restriction (including, without 
limitation, any redemption in specie), charge or fee in respect of a redemption or subscription of its 
Fund Shares by the Issuer or any Hedge Provider or exercises its right to claw back the proceeds 
already paid on redeemed Fund Shares, if in any case it could in the sole determination of any Hedge 
Provider have an adverse impact on any Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging 
activities in relation to the Notes, (vi) a mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the Fund Shares 
is imposed by the Fund on any one or more holders of Fund Shares at any time for any reason or (vii) 
the Issuer, any Hedge Provider, or any Affiliate thereof, is required by the Fund or Fund Service 
Provider to redeem any Fund Shares for any reason; 
(m) 
the aggregate net asset value of the Fund falls below the level of the NAV Barrier; 
(n) 
a NAV Trigger Event occurs;

--- Page 183 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
183 
 
 
(o) 
any proposal to wind up the Fund or the Fund ceases to exist or there exists any litigation against the 
Fund or a Fund Service Provider which in the determination of the Calculation Agent could materially 
affect the value of the Fund Shares; 
(p) 
the currency or denomination of the Fund Share is amended from that set out in the Fund Documents 
so that the net asset value per Fund Share is no longer calculated in the same currency as at the Trade 
Date; 
(q) 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund ceases to act in 
such capacity, and the Fund or relevant Fund Service Provider fails to appoint a replacement having 
similar qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
(r) 
following the issue by a Fund of a new class or series (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) of 
shares, the Calculation Agent, determines that such new class or series of shares has or may have an 
adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in relation to the Notes; 
(s) 
where the Notes are linked to a Fund Basket, a Basket Trigger Event; 
(t) 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations relating 
to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging arrangements entered 
into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Notes (a "Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, the 
Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar month following the day the relevant Tax 
Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax 
Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to any of its Affiliates, provided that the Issuer 
or the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would 
result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall 
be deemed satisfied on any date the Calculation Agent determines that there is no reasonable means of 
mitigating the Tax Event as provided above; 
(u) 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Notes, as a result of any adoption of, or any 
change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after the Issue Date, or 
issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or 
informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any 
law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other 
relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Issuer or 
the Hedge Provider to hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider 
or the Issuer to adversely modify any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would 
adversely affect the amount of regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any 
holding of Fund Shares or that would subject a holder of the Fund Shares or the Issuer to any loss), 
purchase or sell any Fund Shares of the Fund or for the Issuer or the Hedge Provider to maintain such 
hedging arrangements, (ii) the cost to the Issuer or the Hedge Provider of such hedging activities would 
be materially increased for any reason or (iii) the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be subject to 
a material loss and, subject as provided below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one 
calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to 
mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to any of its 
Affiliates, provided that the Issuer or the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged 
to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one 
calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date the Calculation Agent determines 
that that there is no means of mitigating the Relevant Event as provided above; or 
(v) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, if the cost to the Issuer or the Hedge 
Provider in relation to the Notes would be materially increased or the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider 
would be subject to a material loss. 
2. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred, including any 
Additional Extraordinary Fund Event specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation shall notify the 
Issuer and the Issuer shall give notice (an "Extraordinary Event Notice") to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) of the occurrence of such Extraordinary Fund Event 
(the date on which an Extraordinary Fund Event is gives, an "Extraordinary Fund Event Notification 
Date"), giving details of the Extraordinary Fund Event and the action to be taken in respect thereof, 
including details of any Termination Date and Termination Amount (where applicable).

--- Page 184 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
184 
 
 
If an Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, including any Additional Extraordinary Fund Event specified in 
the Final Terms the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take any of the actions (each an 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Action") described in subparagraphs (a) to (c) inclusive below.  
(a) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that the action to be taken in respect of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "Adjustment", then the Calculation Agent may determine, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more Fund, 
Fund Share and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or 
the applicable Final Terms to take account of the Extraordinary Fund Event and determine the effective 
date of such adjustment. 
(b) 
Substitution 
A "Substitution Event" may be deemed to have occurred if the Calculation Agent determines that any 
of the Extraordinary Fund Events set out Fund Linked Condition 1 or any Additional Extraordinary 
Fund Event specified in the Final Terms occurs. Following the occurrence of a Substitution Event in 
respect of any Fund Share, the Calculation Agent shall: 
(i) 
determine the weighted average price at which an investor can redeem the affected Fund 
Shares in the relevant Fund in such number as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion as soon as it is reasonably practicable after its determination of the 
Substitution Event; 
(ii) 
for a period of not longer than 14 calendar days after the date of its determination of the 
Substitution Event, use reasonable efforts to substitute the relevant Fund Shares with shares, 
units or other similar interests in an alternative fund which, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the relevant Fund, including but not limited 
to, comparable investment objectives, investment restrictions and investment processes and 
has service providers acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub-paragraph (ii) above, 
use reasonable efforts to substitute the relevant Fund with an index (or a fund tracking an 
index) selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(iv) 
following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii) above (a 
"Substitution"), in its sole and absolute discretion amend such of the General Conditions, 
these Fund Linked Conditions and/or the Final Terms as it determines to be appropriate to 
take account of such Substitution, including to ensure the weighted average price referred to in 
(i) above (and any consequent rise or fall in value of the affected Fund Shares since the Issue 
Date) is reflected in the terms of the Substitution. 
(c) 
Termination 
A "Termination Event" may be deemed to have occurred in respect to any Fund or Fund Share, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that any of the Extraordinary Fund Events set out in Fund Linked 
Condition 1 or any Additional Extraordinary Fund Event specified in the Final Terms occurs. Upon the 
occurrence of a Termination Event the Issuer (i) shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes on the 
Termination Date by payment to each Noteholder of the Termination Amount , or (ii) require the 
Calculation Agent to determine the Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount on the Calculated 
Extraordinary Fund Event Amount Determination Date, and redeem each Note on the scheduled 
Maturity Date by payment of the Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount. For avoidance of any 
doubt, the Termination Amount shall not accrue any interest from the date of its calculation to the 
Termination Date. 
Notwithstanding General Condition 4(g), each Note shall cease to bear interest from and including the 
Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount Determination Date and no interest amounts scheduled 
for payment thereafter (including, for the avoidance of doubt, including any Specified Interest 
Amounts) shall be payable. 
3. 
Redemption / Termination Date Extension 
In the case of Cash Settled Notes, if on the Scheduled Maturity Date, Automatic Early Redemption 
Date or Termination Date, as the case may be, the Hedge Provider has not, (or is deemed to have not), 
after having placed one or more redemption orders in respect of its holding of Fund Shares in

--- Page 185 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
185 
 
 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Fund Documents, received redemption proceeds in full in 
respect of all Fund Shares (the "Redemption Proceeds"), the Calculation Agent may notify the Issuer 
and the Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as practicable in accordance with General Condition 13 
that the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as 
the case may be, has been postponed. As soon as practicable following receipt (or deemed receipt) by 
the Hedge Provider of the Redemption Proceeds the Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer 
and the Issuer shall give notice to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 13 (such notice 
the "Delayed Payment Notice") and redeem the Notes on the date falling not more than five Business 
Days following the receipt of the Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the "Postponed Redemption 
Date") by payment to each Holder of the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount or the Termination Amount, as the case may be, provided that, if the Hedge Provider does not 
receive the Redemption Proceeds within the period ending on the date (the "Delayed Payment Cut-off 
Date") specified in the Final Terms or, if not so specified, the second anniversary of the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be, the 
Postponed Redemption Date shall be the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date and the Final Redemption 
Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount or the Termination Amount will be calculated by 
reference to the redemption proceeds actually received by the Hedge Provider which may be zero. 
In the case of interest bearing Notes, subject to Fund Linked Condition 2(c) above, the Issuer shall be 
obliged to pay interest calculated as provided in General Condition 4 accruing from (and including) the 
Interest Period End Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be, (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be, but shall only be obliged to make such 
payment of interest on the Postponed Redemption Date and no further or other amount in respect of 
interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay. 
4. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event  
(a) 
This Fund Linked Condition 4 is applicable only if: 
(i) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment 
under the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment 
under the Notes which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
5. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period if on any or all Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event occurs, then the Notes will, subject as provided in Fund Linked Condition 3, be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following 
such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period 
and the Issuer shall redeem each Note at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount. 
6. 
Definitions 
"Additional Extraordinary Fund Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms) 
Change in Law, (ii) Failure to Deliver (in the case of notes to be redeemed by delivery), and (iii) 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the Final Terms. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, control 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means an amount, in respect of each nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic Early Redemption Amount set out in the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 186 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
186 
 
 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, provided that no additional 
amount shall be payable to Holders as a result of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger,  
(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the Automatic Early Redemption Range, as 
specified in the Final Terms, 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as 
such in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in Fund Linked Condition 2(a) above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from 
time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Final 
Terms and if such a date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately following Fund Business Day. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 
5.1 (General Definitions). 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Final Terms or if any such 
date is not a Fund Valuation Date, the immediately following Fund Valuation Date, unless such 
immediately following day is, due to the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event not a Fund 
Valuation Date.  
If any such day is not a Fund Valuation Date (a "Fund Non-Valuation Date"), then: 
(a) 
if "Omission" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, then such date will be deemed not 
to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement Price or NAV 
per Fund Share as applicable provided that if through the operation of this provision no 
Averaging Date would occur, then the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute 
direction, take any of the Extraordinary Fund Event Actions; or 
(b) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms then: 
(i) 
In the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a single Fund, the Averaging Date shall 
be the first succeeding Valid Date that is not a Fund Non-Valuation Date 
(irrespective of whether such date is an Averaging Date), unless each of the number 
of consecutive Valid Dates equal to the Number of NAV Publication Days 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of such day being 
a Fund Non-Valuation Date, would have been the relevant Averaging Date. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Valid Date shall be deemed to be the Averaging 
Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is also an Averaging Date and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent in its sole an absolute discretion may take any Extraordinary Fund 
Event Actions.  
(ii) 
in the case of Fund Linked Notes relating to a Fund Basket, the Averaging Date for 
each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Fund Non-Valuation Date shall 
be the original Averaging Date (the "Scheduled Averaging Date"), and the Averaging 
Date for each Fund Share affected (each an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a 
Fund Non-Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date that is not a Fund 
Non-Valuation Date relating to the Affected Item (regardless of whether such Valid 
Date is an Averaging Date) unless each of the number of consecutive Valid Dates 
equal to the Number of NAV Publication Days immediately following the Scheduled

--- Page 187 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
187 
 
 
Averaging Date is a Fund Non-Publication Date relating to the Affected Item. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive date shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date for 
the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is an Averaging Date, and 
(ii) the Calculation Agent shall in its sole and absolute discretion may take any 
Extraordinary Fund Event Actions. 
(c) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Final Terms then: 
(A) 
where the Notes are Fund Linked Notes relating to a single Fund, the Averaging Date 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding 
Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Fund Business Days equal 
to the Number of NAV Publication Days immediately following the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of such date being a Fund Non-Valuation Date or another 
Averaging Date, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then, (A) that last 
such consecutive Fund Business Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such Fund Business Day is already an Averaging Date), and 
(B) the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute direction, take any of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event Actions; 
(B) 
where the Notes are Fund Linked Notes relating to a Fund Basket, the Averaging 
Date for each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Fund Non-Valuation 
Date shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the "Scheduled Averaging 
Date") and the Averaging Date for each Fund Share affected by the occurrence of a 
Fund Non-Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) 
in relation to such Fund Share. If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for 
a number of consecutive Fund Business Days equal to the Number of NAV 
Publication Days immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date that, but for 
the occurrence of such date being a Fund Non-Valuation Date or another Averaging 
Date, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such 
consecutive Fund Business Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such Fund Business Day is already an Averaging Date), and 
(B) the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute direction, take any of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event Actions; and 
(C) 
for the purposes of these Fund Linked Conditions, "Valid Date" means a Fund 
Valuation Date which is not a Fund Non-Valuation Date and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that a Substitution Event occurs in respect of one or more Funds 
comprising the Fund Basket which has or, in the event that a Substitution Event has occurred in respect 
of more than one Fund, together have, a Weighting in the Fund Basket equal to or greater than the 
Basket Trigger Level. 
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms or if not so specified, 50 per 
cent. 
"Calculation Date" means each day(s) specified in the Final Terms, or if not so specified, each day 
which is a Fund Business Day. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (i) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax 
law), or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it 
has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Fund Share and/or (B) it will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Fund Linked Notes (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the 
Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the 
market for such Fund Shares.

--- Page 188 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
188 
 
 
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
"Fund" means Fund(s), or sub-Fund(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fund Basket" means a Basket comprising the Fund Shares specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fund Business Day" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms, or, if not so specified, (i) in 
respect of a single Fund (Single Fund Share Basis), a date (a) that is a Fund Valuation Date and (b) on 
which the Hedging Provider has, or could have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares 
executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that 
generally published or reports that value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date; and (ii) in respect of 
a Fund Basket, either Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) or Fund Business Day (Per Fund 
Share Basis) as specified in the Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the Final 
Terms, Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) shall apply. 
"Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Basket, a date (i) that is 
a Fund Valuation Date for all Fund Shares comprising the Fund Basket and (ii) on which the Hedging 
Provider has, or could have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the 
NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally published or 
reports that value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is a 
Fund Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Share and (ii) on which the Hedging Provider has, or 
could have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund 
Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally published or reports that 
value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Business Day (Single Fund Shares Basis)" means a date (i) that is a Fund Valuation Date and 
(ii) on which the Hedging Provider has, or could have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund 
Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that 
generally published or reports that value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Documents" means, with respect to any Fund Share, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating 
to such Fund Shares or as at the Issue Date, as amended from time to time. 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, for such Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, 
including any investment advisor or manager, fund adviser, fund administrator, operator, management 
company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and 
transfer agent, domiciliary agent and any other person specified as such in the Fund Documents. 
"Fund Share(s)" means an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a fund, pooled 
investment vehicle or any other interest specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Fund Valuation Date" means any date as of which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, the 
Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is but for the occurrence of 
an Extraordinary Fund Event would have been scheduled to determine the NAV per Fund Share. 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent, an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the Notes or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a 
hypothetical investor, who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. 
The Hedge Provider will hold or be deemed to hold such number of Fund Shares, or enter or be 
deemed to enter into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance 
of, such number of Fund Shares as it (or in the case of a hypothetical investor, the Calculation Agent) 
considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant Notes. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates is unable, 
after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the fund price risk or 
any other relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(if applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (ii) freely realise, 
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 189 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
189 
 
 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, 
re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary 
to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, fund price risk, foreign exchange risk and 
interest rate risk) of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Notes, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be 
deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such day is not a 
Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
"Initial Calculation Day" means such day specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such day is not a 
Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
"Initial Calculation Period" means such period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Final Terms, or otherwise 
each Fund Business Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms, 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms and such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-
in Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
and such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout 
Condition 5.1.  
"Knock-out Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with these Fund Linked 
Conditions.  
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Final Terms, or otherwise 
each Fund Business Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than, 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to,

--- Page 190 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
190 
 
 
(iii) 
less than or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-out Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms and such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the 
Knock-out Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms and such date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in the Payout 
Condition 5.1. 
"NAV Barrier" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"NAV Trigger Event" means, in respect of any Fund Shares, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share has 
decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any time during the 
related NAV Trigger Period; or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, 
or affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court or 
other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any other 
contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets. 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the Final Terms or, if not so specified, 
50 per cent. 
"NAV Trigger Period" means the period specified in the Final Terms, or if not so specified the period 
from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation Date. 
"NAV per Fund Share" means, subject as referred to in Averaging Date, with respect to the relevant 
Fund Share and a Fund Valuation Date: 
(a) 
in respect of a single Fund, (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Final Terms, (A) the net 
asset value per Fund Share of such Fund Shares as of the relevant Fund Valuation Date, or 
(B), if the Fund Service Provider of the Fund publishes or reports only the aggregate net asset 
value of the Fund Shares, the net asset value per Fund Share relating to such number of Fund 
Shares as of the relevant Calculation Date as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis 
of such aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares divided by the relevant number of Fund 
Shares issued and outstanding on the related Fund Valuation Date, each of (A) or (B) as 
reported by the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value on behalf 
of the Fund to its investors or a publishing service; or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the net asset values per Fund Share, (determined in accordance 
with either (A) or (B) of the foregoing sentence) of such Fund Shares on each Averaging Date; 
and 
(b) 
in respect of a Fund Basket, (i) if Averaging is not specified in the Final Terms, (A) the net 
asset value per Fund Share for each Fund Share in the Fund Basket as of the relevant Fund 
Valuation Date, or (B), if the Fund Service Provider of the Fund in relation to a Fund in the 
Fund Basket publishes or reports only the aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares, the net 
asset value per Fund Share relating to such number of Fund Shares as of the relevant 
Calculation Date for such Fund as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of such 
aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares for such Fund divided by the relevant number of 
Fund Shares issued by such Fund and outstanding on the related Fund Valuation Date, or (ii) 
if Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, the arithmetic mean, for each Fund Share in the 
Fund Basket of the net asset values per Fund Share for each Fund in the Fund Basket 
(determined in accordance with either (A) or (B) of the foregoing sentence) relating to such 
Fund Shares on each Averaging Date.

--- Page 191 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
191 
 
 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means (i) the number of calendar days specified in the Final 
Terms, or (ii) if not specified in the Final Terms, the maximum number of days after the due date for 
publication or reporting of the NAV per Fund Share after which the Fund Service Provider or any 
entity fulfilling such role, howsoever described in the Fund Documents, or any other party acting on 
behalf of the Fund, may remedy any failure to publish or report the NAV per Fund Share in accordance 
with the relevant Fund Documents and before the Calculation Agent may determine that an 
Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Final Terms, or if any 
such date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately following Fund Business Day. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Final Terms. 
"Termination Amount" means amount equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account the 
relevant Extraordinary Fund Event (the "Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount"), less the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Modified Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount"), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the relevant 
Extraordinary Fund Event (the "Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount Determination 
Date").  
"Termination Date" means the date determined by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt shall 
be any date determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion) and specified in the notice 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Weighting", in relation to a Fund Share, the weighting to be applied to it as specified in the Final 
Terms or if no weighting is so specified then no such weighting shall apply.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
ANNEX 6 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Inflation Linked Notes shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Inflation Linked Notes set out 
below (the "Inflation Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other 
Annex which is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. In the 
event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Inflation Linked Conditions, the Inflation 
Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Inflation Linked Conditions and 
the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Index has 
occurred, then the Relevant Level with respect to any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any 
calculation of any payment under the Notes and/or any other determination to be made in respect of the 
Notes (the "Substitute Inflation Index Level") shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (subject 
to Inflation Linked Condition 1 (b) below), as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level determined under the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; or 
(b) 
if (i) Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, or (ii) the Calculation 
Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under (a) above for any reason, then 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the following 
formula: 
 
where: 
"Base Level" means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the 
month for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined. 
"Latest Level" means the latest level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Inflation 
Index Level is being determined. 
"Reference Level" means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the 
month referred to in "Latest Level" above. 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 of any 
Substitute Inflation Index Level calculated pursuant to this Inflation Linked Condition 1. 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant Cut-Off Date 
specified in the Final Terms, then, subject as provided in Inflation Linked Condition 3 such Relevant 
Level will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant 
to this Inflation Linked Condition 1 will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
2. 
Successor Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Index has not been published by the Index 
Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue 
to publish or announce the Index and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a successor index (a "Successor Index") (in lieu of any previously applicable 
Index) for the purposes of the Notes as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
Successor Index by reference to the corresponding successor index determined under the terms and 
conditions of the Related Bond; 
(b) 
if (x) Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the Final Terms or (y) a Related Bond Redemption 
Event is specified as applying in the Final Terms and has occurred and Fallback Bond is not specified 
as applicable in the Final Terms, the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer publish or 
Substitute Inflation Index Level = Base Level × (Latest Level Reference Level
⁄
),

--- Page 193 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
193 
 
 
announce the Index but that it will be superseded by a replacement index specified by the Index 
Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement Index is calculated using the 
same or a substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the 
previously applicable Index, such replacement index shall be deemed the Successor Index for the 
purposes of the Notes from the date that such replacement Index comes into effect; 
(c) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under paragraphs (a) or (b) above the Calculation Agent 
shall ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Index should be. 
If at least four responses are received, and of those responses, three or more leading independent 
dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the Successor Index. If three responses are 
received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed 
the Successor Index. If fewer than three responses are received by the Cut-Off Date or no Successor 
Index is determined pursuant to this provision, the Calculation Agent will apply the provisions of 
paragraph (d) below; 
(d) 
if no Successor Index has been determined pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) above, by the next 
occurring Cut-Off Date, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent will determine an 
appropriate alternative index as of such Cut-Off Date for such affected Determination Date, and such 
index will be deemed a Successor Index for the purposes of the Notes; or 
(e) 
if the Calculation Agent cannot determine an appropriate alternative index pursuant to subparagraphs 
(a) to (d) above, there will be deemed to be no Successor Index and an Index Cancellation will be 
deemed to have occurred. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor 
Index shall be deemed to replace the Index for the purposes of the Notes. Notice of the determination 
of a Successor Index, the effective date of the Successor Index or the occurrence of an Index 
Cancellation will be given to Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 13. 
3. 
Adjustments 
(a) 
Successor Index 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with Inflation Linked Condition 2, the 
Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to any 
amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation 
Agent deems necessary to account for this. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of 
any such adjustment in accordance with General Condition 13. 
(b) 
Substitute Inflation Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Inflation Index Level in accordance with 
Inflation Linked Condition 1, the Issuer may make any adjustment or adjustments (without 
limitation) to (x) the Substitute Inflation Index Level determined in accordance with Index 
Linked Condition 2 and/or (y) any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant 
term of the Notes, in each case, as the Calculation Agent deems necessary. The Issuer shall 
give notice to the Noteholders of any such adjustment in accordance with General Condition 
13. 
(c) 
Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(i) 
The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (excluding any "flash" or other 
estimates) by the Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and conclusive and, 
subject to Inflation Linked Condition 3(c)(ii) and (iii) below, later revisions to the level for 
such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations, save that in respect of the EUR-
All Items-Revised Consumer Price Index, the ESP National- Revised Consumer Price Index 
(CPI) and the ESP-Harmonised-Revised Consumer Price Index HCPI, revisions to the 
Relevant Level which are published or announced up to and including the day that is two 
Business Days prior to any relevant Determination Date will be valid and the revised Relevant 
Level for the relevant Reference Month will be deemed to be the final and conclusive 
Relevant Level for such Reference Month. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of 
any valid revision in accordance with General Condition 13. 
(ii) 
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to a Determination Date in respect of 
which a Relevant Level will be used in any calculation or determination in respect of such 
Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has corrected

--- Page 194 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
194 
 
 
the Relevant Level to correct a manifest error, the Calculation Agent may make any 
adjustment to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other relevant term of the Notes 
as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate as a result of such correction and/or determine the 
amount (if any) that is payable as a result of that correction. The Issuer shall give notice to the 
Noteholders of any such adjustment and/or amount in accordance with General Condition 13. 
(iii) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of 
a Determination Date in respect of which a Substitute Inflation Index Level was determined, 
the Calculation Agent may either (A) determine that such Relevant Level shall not be used in 
any calculation or determination under the Notes and that the Substitute Inflation Index Level 
shall be deemed to be the definitive Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month, or (B) 
request the Issuer to make any adjustment to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any 
other relevant term of the Notes as it deems appropriate as a result of the announcement or 
publication of the Relevant Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a 
result of such publication or announcement. The Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders of 
any determination in respect of (A) or (B), together with any adjustment or amount in respect 
thereof, in accordance with General Condition 13. 
(d) 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Specified Notes 
Currency (whether relating to its convertibility; into other currencies or otherwise) which the 
Calculation Agent determines necessitates an adjustment or adjustments to any amount 
payable under the Notes, and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including the date on 
which any amount is payable by the Issuer), the Issuer may make such adjustment or 
adjustments to such amount and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation 
Agent deems necessary. The Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Noteholders of any 
such adjustment in accordance with General Condition 13. 
(e) 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the 
Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for purposes of determining the 
Relevant Level from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent 
may make if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, any adjustments as 
are made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the 
Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as before the 
rebasing, and/or if Related Bond is not specified as applicable in the Final Terms or a Related 
Bond Redemption Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the 
levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation 
as the Index before it was rebased and in each case the Issuer may make any adjustment(s) to 
any amount payable under the Notes and/or any other term of the Notes as the Calculation 
Agent may deem necessary. If the Calculation Agent determines that neither (i) nor (ii)  above 
would produce a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may redeem each 
Note on a date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 
at its fair market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the date of redemption 
taking into account the rebasing less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding or 
amending any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any adjustment, redemption 
of the Notes or determination pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13. 
(f) 
Index Modification 
(i) 
If on or prior to the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Index Modification has occurred the Calculation Agent may (A) if Related 
Bond is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, make any adjustments to any Relevant 
Level and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including, without limitation, any amount 
payable under the Notes), consistent with any adjustments made to the Related Bond as the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary, or (B) if Related Bond is not specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred make only those 
adjustments to the Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other term of the Notes (including, 
without limitation, any amount payable under the Notes), as the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary for the modified Index to continue as the Index and to account for the economic 
effect of the Index Modification.

--- Page 195 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
195 
 
 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred at any time after 
the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Determination Date, the Calculation Agent may determine 
either to ignore such Index Modification for the purposes of any calculation or determination 
made by the Calculation Agent with respect to such Determination Date, in which case the 
relevant Index Modification will be deemed to have occurred with respect to the immediately 
succeeding Determination Date such that the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) above will apply, 
or, notwithstanding that the Index Modification has occurred following the Cut-Off Date, to 
make any adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems fit in accordance with sub-paragraph (i)  
above. 
(g) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the 
Issuer may make any adjustments to any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of the 
Notes (including, without limitation, any amount payable under the Notes to account therefor 
or may redeem each Note on the date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 at its fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at 
the date of redemption, taking into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event, less the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding or amending any related underlying 
hedging arrangements. Notice of any redemption of the Notes shall be given to Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13. 
(h) 
Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has occurred, the Issuer may 
make any adjustments to any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of the Notes 
(including, without limitation, any amount payable under the Notes to account therefore) or 
may redeem each Note on the date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 at its fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at 
the date of redemption, taking into account the Index Cancellation, less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or any Affiliates of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging arrangements. 
Notice of any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
4. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms) Change in Law, or 
(ii) Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging if specified in the Final Terms. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by 
the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, control means ownership of a majority of the 
voting power of an entity. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (A) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it has become illegal for the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Index for 
purposes of the Notes. 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, five Business Days prior to such Determination 
Date, unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date, that the Index Sponsor fails to 
publish or announce the level of the Index (the "Relevant Level") in respect of any Reference Month which is 
relevant to the calculation of any payment under the Notes and/or any other determination in respect of the 
Notes, in each case by the related Cut-Off Date. 
"Determination Date" means in respect of an Index and/or Index Level(s) or value(s) as the case may be, each 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the country 
to whose level of inflation the Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated 
by reference to the Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next

--- Page 196 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
196 
 
 
longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next 
shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. 
If the Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will 
select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any government 
agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated 
by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will 
select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is 
more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the 
Calculation Agent from those bonds in its discretion. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will 
select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the 
original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Index" means the index or indices specified in the Final Terms or any Successor Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to Inflation Linked Condition 2 and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Index Cancellation" means a level for the Index has not been published or announced for two consecutive 
months and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer 
continue to publish or announce the Index and no Successor Index exists. 
"Index Modification" means the Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Index or in any other way 
materially modifies the Index. 
"Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the 
relevant Index which as of the Issue Date of the Notes is the Index Sponsor specified in the Final Terms in 
relation to the relevant Index. 
"Rebased Index" has the meaning given to it under Inflation Linked Condition 3 above. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Index was reported, regardless of 
when this information is published or announced. If the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is a 
period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant Level was reported. 
"Related Bond" means the bond (if any) specified as such in the Final Terms. If the Related Bond specified in 
the Final Terms is Fallback Bond, then for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond Not 
applicable" is specified in the Final Terms there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related 
Bond in the Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the relevant Determination Date, unless 
"Fallback Bond Not applicable" is specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback 
Bond for any Related Bond determination. 
"Related Bond Redemption Event" means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, at any time prior to 
the Maturity Date, (a) the Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased or cancelled, (b) the Related Bond becomes 
repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason, or (c) the issuer of the Related Bond 
announces that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or cancelled prior to its stated date of maturity. 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning given to it in the definition of Delayed Index Level Event.  
"Strike Date" means each date specified as a Strike Date in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with these Inflation Linked Conditions.

--- Page 197 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED NOTES 
 
 
 
 
197 
 
 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Final Terms.  
"Successor Index" has the meaning given to it in under Inflation Linked Condition 2. 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" has the meaning given in Inflation Linked Condition 1.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
ANNEX 7 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Notes shall comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes set out below (the "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions"), 
together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
General Conditions and the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Conditions, the Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Note Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail.  
1. 
Non-EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 apply unless EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the Final 
Terms. 
(a) 
Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base 
Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be a "Disruption Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation; or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (vii) above 
(inclusive). 
(b) 
Consequences of a Disruption Event 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day (or, if different, the day on which 
prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant Price Source) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply the applicable Disruption 
Fallback in determining the consequences of the Disruption Event. 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Price when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is an 
Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination 
Day (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published 
or announced by the Price Source). The Calculation Agent shall take the relevant actions specified in 
either (i), (ii) or (iii) below. 
(i) 
if an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent will determine that the relevant 
Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (in the case of the Strike Date or Valuation 
Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-In 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day) unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the originally scheduled Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may be, is a 
Disrupted Day in which case the Calculation Agent may determine that the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date, Settlement

--- Page 199 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
199 
 
 
Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may 
be (irrespective, in the case of an Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-In Determination 
Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day is already an Averaging Date, Observation Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-
Out Determination Day, as the case may be) and may determine the Settlement Price by using 
commercially reasonable efforts to determine a Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day taking into consideration all available 
information that in good faith it deems relevant; or 
(ii) 
if an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed 
Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being not applicable in 
the Final Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13, 
the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by 
payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payment shall be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13; or 
(iii) 
if an Averaging Date, any Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed 
Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note less the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the "Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount") as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of the Disruption Event (the "Calculated Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall 
redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the 
Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount plus interest accrued on the Calculated 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount on a daily basis from and including the Calculated 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity 
Date, each such daily accrual rate being at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost on or about the 
relevant day or (y) if greater, its nominal amount. 
2. 
EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition (2) apply where EM Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the Final 
Terms. 
(a) 
EM Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base 
Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be an "EM Disruption Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation;  
(viii) 
Price Materiality; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of (i) to (viii) above 
(inclusive).

--- Page 200 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
200 
 
 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-out 
Determination Day, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Consequences of an EM Disruption Event 
Upon an EM Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, 
Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may be (or, if different, the 
day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant EM FX 
Price Source) as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining 
the consequences of the EM Disruption Event: (a) EM Calculation Agent Determination where the 
applicable EM Disruption Event is other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the 
applicable EM Disruption Fallback where the applicable EM Disruption Event is a Price Source 
Disruption or Price Materiality.  
(c) 
Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a Settlement Price Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is an Unscheduled 
Holiday in respect of a Subject Currency, then such date shall be the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day after the occurrence of the Unscheduled Holiday, subject as provided above, 
and provided that if such Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, has not occurred on or before the EM Maximum 
Days of Postponement then the next Scheduled Trading Day after such period that would have been a 
Scheduled Trading Day but for the Unscheduled Holiday shall be deemed to be the relevant date for 
valuation and the Settlement Price shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on such day in its sole 
discretion acting in good faith having taken into account relevant market practice and by reference to 
such additional source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
(d) 
Cumulative Events 
If "Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms in respect of a Settlement 
Currency then, in no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar days during which a 
Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day 
is deferred due to either (i) an Unscheduled Holiday or (ii) an EM Valuation Postponement (or a 
combination of both (i) and (ii)) exceed the EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement in the 
aggregate. If a Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, as the case may be, is postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the EM 
Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement and at the end of such period (i) an Unscheduled Holiday 
shall have occurred or be continuing on the day immediately following such period (the "Final Day"), 
then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, and (ii) if a Price Source 
Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the Final Day, then Valuation Postponement shall 
not apply and the Settlement Price shall be determined in accordance with the next applicable EM 
Disruption Fallback. 
(e) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Condition 2, then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any assets shall fall 
on the later of (a) the date for such payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the 
Final Terms and (b) the day falling the EM Number of Postponement Settlement Days specified in the 
Final Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after the last occurring Settlement Price 
Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may 
be. 
3. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
This Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 3 is applicable only:

--- Page 201 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
201 
 
 
(i) 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment 
under the Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall 
be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in which case any payment 
under the Notes which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out Event, shall 
be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(b) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms is the 
Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time and if a Disruption Event or an EM 
Disruption Event would otherwise have occurred on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day, then, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, such Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a 
Knock-out Event. 
(c) 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the Final Terms is any 
time or period of time other than the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time during 
the regular trading hours for the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies and if on 
any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one-
hour period that begins or ends at the time at which a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event would 
otherwise have occurred, a Disruption Event or an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists, then, unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed 
not to have occurred. 
4. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable,  if on any or 
all Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s), as specified in the Final Terms, an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event occurs, all but not some only of the Notes will be automatically redeemed on 
the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Period, as applicable, and the Issuer shall redeem each 
Note at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
5. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If the 
Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held 
by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note, taking into account the Additional 
Disruption Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13. 
6. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms) Change in Law, or 
(ii) Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such date is 
not a Business Day, the next following Business Day and no Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or 
further payment in respect of any such delay.  
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to;

--- Page 202 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
202 
 
 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger, (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the 
Automatic Early Redemption Range, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time 
in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified 
as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day; or (b) where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency 
in the Final Terms, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the 
event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date shall be delayed in accordance with the corresponding provisions 
of the definition of Valuation Date which shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
Valuation Date were to Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the Final Terms or, if any such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the 
relevant Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 1(b) shall apply; or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this sub-
paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the Final Terms) (A) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the 
Notes or it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, 
splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Disruption Event or EM Disruption Event has occurred. 
"EM" means emerging markets. 
"EM Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for determining 
the Settlement Price when an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is an Averaging Date,

--- Page 203 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
203 
 
 
Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day (or, if different, the day 
on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the EM FX Price 
Source) being, in respect of a Subject Currency, any of EM Calculation Agent Determination, EM First Fallback 
Reference Price, EM Second Fallback Reference Price and EM Valuation Postponement, as so specified in the 
Final Terms for such Subject Currency. Where more than one EM Disruption Fallback is so specified then such 
EM Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order in which they are specified in the Final Terms until the 
Settlement Price can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that Settlement Currency for such 
Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day.  
Where: 
(a) 
"EM Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. 
(b) 
"EM First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for which purpose, 
references in the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX Price Source", "EM Valuation Time" and 
"EM Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be to "First Fallback EM FX 
Price Source", "First Fallback Valuation Time" and "First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days" 
(in each case, where such terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Final Terms). 
(c) 
"EM Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, for which 
purpose, references in the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX Price Source", "EM Valuation 
Time" and "EM Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be to "Second 
Fallback EM FX Price Source", "Second Fallback Valuation Time" and "Second Fallback EM Number 
of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Final 
Terms).  
(d) 
"EM Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Price shall be determined on the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that no such Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day has occurred on or 
before the day falling the EM Maximum Days of Postponement following the originally designated 
Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as 
the case may be. In such event, the Settlement Price shall be determined on the next Scheduled Trading 
Day after the EM Maximum Days of Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that day may be a 
Disrupted Day) in accordance with the next applicable EM Disruption Fallback.  
"EM FX Price Source" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the price source(s) specified as such in the 
Final Terms (or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent).   
"EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Final 
Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"EM Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Final Terms or, if 
no such number is specified, 30 calendar days.  
"EM Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the number of days on which 
commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have been open) for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in the or each SER Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the Final Terms (each, an "EM 
Settlement Day"). Where no such number or zero is so specified, then such rate shall be for settlement on the 
same day.   
"EM Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms or, if no such 
percentage is specified, 3 per cent.  
"EM Primary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such Subject 
Currency in the Final Terms. 
"EM Secondary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such Subject 
Currency in the Final Terms.

--- Page 204 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
204 
 
 
"EM Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the time at which the EM FX 
Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated. 
"EMTA Template Terms" means the EMTA Template Terms for Non-Deliverable Currency Option 
Transactions for the relevant FX rate, as published by the Trade Association for the Emerging Markets (EMTA) 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date. 
"Exchange Rate Divergence" means:  
(i) if the FX rate specified in the Final Terms is USD/ARS, that, in the reasonable opinion of not less than 5 
unaffiliated EMTA Members notified to EMTA (or its successor) by no later than 4 p.m., Buenos Aires time on 
the Valuation Date, the Price Source has failed, for a period of not less than three consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days (for any reason, including due to a split in the currency exchange rate or other event) to reflect the 
current prevailing Argentine Peso bid and offer rates for a standard size Argentine Peso/U.S. Dollar financial 
transaction for same-day settlement in the Buenos Aires marketplace on the Valuation Date; and  
(ii) if the FX rate specified in the Final Terms is USD/BRL, that, in the reasonable and independent judgement, 
as notified to EMTA in accordance with the EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence Procedures, of not less 
than 7 unaffiliated EMTA members that are recognised market makers active in the BRL/U.S. Dollar foreign 
exchange market (no less than 4 of which shall be active participants in the onshore BRL/USD spot market), the 
Price Source (following a split of the exchange rates in Brazil or otherwise) no longer reflects the then-
prevailing Brazilian Reais / U.S. Dollar spot rate for standard-size wholesale financial transactions involving the 
exchange of Brazilian Reais for U.S. Dollars delivered outside of Brazil, and 
if the FX rate specified in the Final Terms is a rate other than USD/ARS or USD/BRL but, it is specified in the 
relevant EMTA Template Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Issue Date and in respect of 
such FX rate, that Price Source Disruption shall include Exchange Rate Divergence, then Exchange Rate 
Divergence shall have the meaning given in the relevant EMTA Template Terms with respect to such FX rate. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to convert a 
Subject Currency into the Base Currency in a Subject Currency Jurisdiction through customary legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to 
deliver (A) the Base Currency from accounts inside a Subject Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside a 
Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the Subject Currency between accounts inside a Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of a Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or (ii) any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank), in 
each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base Currency, Subject 
Currency and/or Subject Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm 
quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations under 
the Notes (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (or, if different, the day on which rates for such Averaging 
Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would, in the 
ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant Price Source or EM FX Price Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee 
(other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided

--- Page 205 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
205 
 
 
that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Final Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-In Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date.  
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A):  
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier (x) or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the FX Knock-in Barrier or the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified 
as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Condition 1(b). 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-In 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-In Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-EM Valuation and Disruption 
Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and 
Disruption Provisions). 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as 
such in the Final Terms or in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the 
Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Final Terms, or otherwise each 
Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-Out Determination Period.  
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than,  
(ii) 
greater than or equal to,  
(iii) 
less than, or  
(iv) 
less than or equal to,  
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range, (x) on a Knock-out Determination 
Day or (y) in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Final Terms.  
"Knock-out Barrier" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Rate 
Condition 1(a) and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1(b).

--- Page 206 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
206 
 
 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-Out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if the Knock-Out 
Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-EM Valuation and Disruption 
Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and 
Disruption Provisions). 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified 
as such in the Final Terms or in the event that the Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the 
Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time or, as the case may be, EM Valuation Time. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 
5.1. 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events specified as 
Disruption Events or, as the case may be, EM Disruption Events) in the Subject Currency Jurisdiction beyond 
the control of the parties to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes which makes it impossible (A) for a 
party to fulfil its obligations under the hedging arrangement or (B) generally to fulfil obligations similar to such 
party's obligations under that hedging arrangement. 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by any 
Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Notes of all or 
substantially all of its assets in the Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the Final Terms or, if any such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the 
relevant Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is the Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 1(b) shall apply; or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this sub-
paragraph (b) is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the EM Primary Rate differs 
from any EM Secondary Rate by at least the EM Price Materiality Percentage or if there are insufficient 
responses on the relevant Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out 
Determination Day to any survey used to calculate any such rate, then the EM Price Materiality Percentage will 
be deemed to be met.  
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or reporting the rate or 
rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which FX rate is 
calculated and, where the FX rate is specified in the Final Terms as: 
(i) 
USD/ARS; 
(ii) 
USD/BRL; or  
(iii) 
any other FX rate in respect of which the Calculation Agent determines that, as of the Issue Date, the 
relevant EMTA Template Terms for such rate (if any) specifies that Price Source Disruption includes Exchange 
Rate Divergence,  
then Price Source Disruption shall include Exchange Rate Divergence.

--- Page 207 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
207 
 
 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Final Terms or any successor to such 
page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means:  
(a) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as not applicable in respect of a 
Subject Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a 
Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in 
accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal financial centre of 
each of the Base Currency and the Subject Currency or Subject Currencies. In the case of euro, for 
these purposes, the principal financial centre shall be deemed to mean each of Frankfurt and Brussels; 
and 
(b) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject 
Currency, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption 
Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with 
the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each EM Scheduled Trading Day 
Jurisdiction specified in the Final Terms Provided That where the Subject Currency is BRL, then 
notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination 
Day or Knock-Out Determination Day falls on a date that, as the Trade Date, is not a scheduled day on 
which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have 
been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice 
of the foreign exchange market) in New York City (an "NYC Business Day"), then no adjustment to 
such date shall be made on account of the fact that such date is not an NYC Business Day. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes Condition 1 or 2 
or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes Condition 1(b) or 2(b) above, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes relating to a basket of Subject Currencies and 
in respect of each Subject Currency: 
(A) 
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the spot rate of exchange 
appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation 
Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is not 
specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-In 
Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified 
in the Final Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency 
into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such 
Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if 
such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal 
places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange 
rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or 
Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as 
the case may be, of two or more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent), 
multiplied by the relevant Weighting (if applicable); or 
(B) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the rate of exchange appearing 
on the EM FX Price Source at the EM Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time 
or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is not specified in 
the Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency per one unit of the Base 
Currency for settlement on the EM Number of Settlement Days, multiplied by the 
relevant Weighting (if applicable); and 
(b) 
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Notes relating to a single Subject Currency:

--- Page 208 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
208 
 
 
(A) 
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Final Terms, an amount equal to the spot rate 
of exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time or Knock-
in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is 
not specified in the Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified 
in the Final Terms, an Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency 
into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of the 
Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if 
such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal 
places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange 
rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time or 
Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on the relevant Settlement Price Date, 
Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as 
the case may be, of two or more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent); or 
(B) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in 
respect of such Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the rate of exchange appearing 
on the EM FX Price Source at the EM Valuation Time or Knock-in Valuation Time 
or Knock-out Valuation Time, as applicable, on (a) if Averaging is not specified in 
the Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date, Knock-In Determination Day or 
Knock-Out Determination Day or (b) if Averaging is specified in the Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency per one unit of the Base 
Currency for settlement on the EM Number of Settlement Days. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Strike Date, Observation 
Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, (a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant 
Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 1(b) or, or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are 
specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, 
subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b) is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(b) shall 
apply. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Final Terms. 
"Subject Currency" means the currency(ies) specified as such in the Final Terms (together, "Subject 
Currencies"). 
"Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the relevant Subject Currency is the lawful 
currency. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a Scheduled Trading Day and the market was not aware of such 
fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) until a time 
later than 9:00 a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the Subject Currency two Scheduled Trading 
Days prior to the relevant scheduled Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or 
Knock-Out Determination Day. 
"Valid Date" means, in respect of an Averaging Date or an Observation Date or Knock-In Determination Day 
or Knock-Out Determination Day, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another

--- Page 209 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED 
NOTES 
 
 
 
 
 
209 
 
 
Averaging Date or Observation Date or Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, 
respectively, does not occur. 
"Valuation Date" means any Strike Date, Coupon Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the 
case may be, specified in the Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Subject Currency, 
(a) unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of such Subject 
Currency in the Final Terms, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 1(b) shall apply; or (b) where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Subject Currency in the Final Terms, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for such Subject Currency and, in the event of an Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 2(c) above, 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the resultant day determined in accordance with this sub-
paragraph (b) day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 2(b) shall apply. 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the time at which the Price Source 
publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated. 
"Weighting" means, in relation to a Subject Currency, the weighting to be applied to it as specified in the Final 
Terms or if no such weighting is so specified then no such weighting shall apply.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
ANNEX 8 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
If specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Credit Linked Notes shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Credit Linked Notes set out below 
(the "Credit Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which 
is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and subject to completion in the Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Credit Linked Conditions, the Credit Linked Conditions 
shall prevail. 
Unless otherwise stated in these Credit Linked Conditions or in the Final Terms, in the event that any day 
specified in the section "Credit Linked Interest/Redemption" in the Final Terms or the last day of any period 
calculated by reference to calendar days falls on a day that is not a Business Day, such day or last day shall be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention. 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes for which more than one Reference Entity or Index is specified in the Final 
Terms, all references to "the Reference Entity" or to "the Index" herein shall be construed to refer to the 
Reference Entity or the Index in respect of which the relevant determination falls to be made at any relevant 
time and all related provisions and determinations will be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt no Credit Linked Notes will be considered frustrated, or otherwise void or voidable 
(whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity or Index does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade 
Date; and/or 
(b) 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations, Valuation Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist 
on, or cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
Credit Linked Notes may take the form of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, First-to-Default Credit 
Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Credit Linked 
Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes. In the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Credit 
Linked Notes, the Notes may be either Non-Tranched ("Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes" 
or "Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes", as the case may be) to which either Credit Payment on 
Maturity or Credit Payment As You Go will apply or Tranched ("Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes" or "Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes") (as the case may be).  In addition, Index Credit Linked 
Notes may be Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes ("Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes").  
Notwithstanding the use of the term "Index", Index Credit Linked Notes are not Index Linked Notes. A Credit 
Linked Note may also be a Zero Coupon Note.  
Credit Linked Notes may be issued in respect of which: 
(a) 
"Credit Linked Interest" is applicable but "Credit Linked Redemption" is not applicable; 
(b) 
"Credit Linked Interest" is not applicable but "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable; and 
(c) 
"Credit Linked Interest" and "Credit Linked Redemption" are both applicable. 
If "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable, Credit Linked Condition 5 shall apply in respect of the Notes. If "Credit 
Linked Interest" is not applicable, Credit Linked Condition 5 shall not apply in respect of the Notes. 
If "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, Credit Linked Condition 1 and other Credit Linked Conditions 
relevant in respect of redemption following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date shall apply in 
respect of the Notes. If "Credit Linked Redemption" is not applicable, Credit Linked Condition 1 and other 
Credit Linked Conditions relevant in respect of redemption following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date shall not apply in respect of the Notes.  
The Final Terms shall specify, inter alia: 
(a) 
the type of Credit Linked Notes; 
(b) 
whether the "Credit Linked Interest" and/or "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable; 
(c) 
the Settlement Method (if applicable) and, where Auction Settlement applies, the applicable Fallback 
Settlement Method; 
(d) 
the Reference Entity or Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event may occur or, in the case 
of Index Credit Linked Notes, the relevant Index Annex;

--- Page 211 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
211 
 
 
(e) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any) in respect of each Reference Entity or, in the case of Index Credit 
Linked Notes, the relevant Index Annex; 
(f) 
the Trade Date, the Scheduled Maturity Date and if different from the Scheduled Maturity Date, the 
Credit Observation End Date; 
(g) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount (if applicable) in respect of each Reference Entity;  
(h) 
the Long Nominal Exposure Percentage and the Short Nominal Exposure Percentage (if applicable) in 
respect of the Long/Short Credit Linked Notes; 
(i) 
"H" and "L" in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes; 
(j) 
the Attachment Point(s) and the Exhaustion Point(s) in the case of Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes 
or Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes;  
(k) 
the applicable Credit Multiplier, Credit Event Reduction Factor, Specified Interest Amount Multiplier, 
LLM and/or SLM (in each case to the extent applicable); and 
(l) 
the Transaction Type applicable to each Reference Entity if Physical Settlement Matrix is specified as 
being applicable in the Final Terms. 
Certain elections in respect of Credit Linked Notes and one or more Reference Entities may be made by 
specifying that the Physical Settlement Matrix is applicable in the Final Terms. In this case the provisions of 
Credit Linked Condition 20 apply. 
In the case of Index Linked Notes, certain information relating to the Credit Index will be as specified in the 
Index Annex named in the Final Terms. 
The application of any of Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11 below shall, for the avoidance of doubt, not 
preclude the application of any other such Credit Linked Condition either contemporaneously or subsequently 
and in the event that any such provisions are inconsistent or the Calculation Agent becomes entitled to exercise 
a discretion under one or more of such provisions, the Calculation Agent may elect in its discretion which 
provision shall apply and under which provision or provisions it shall exercise its discretion. 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled and provided that a Credit Event 
Determination Date has not occurred in respect of any Reference Entity, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Credit Linked Note on the Maturity Date by payment of the Final Redemption Amount. If a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity and "Credit Linked 
Redemption" is applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Credit Linked Note as 
described below. References in these Credit Linked Conditions to a Credit Linked Note or a Note are, 
unless the context otherwise requires, to a nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount. Any payment of a "pro rata" amount in respect of a Note will be determined by 
reference to its nominal amount relative to the then Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes. 
(b) 
Where the Notes are Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes and "Credit Linked Redemption" is 
applicable in the Final Terms, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in relation to the 
Reference Entity, then the Notes will be settled in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit 
Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable or, if the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery 
Notes, the provisions of paragraph (h) below will apply. 
(c) 
Where the Notes are First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred in relation to any of the specified Reference Entities and "Credit Linked Redemption" is 
applicable in the Final Terms, then the Notes will be settled in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, in relation only to 
the First Reference Entity (as defined in the definition of Credit Event Determination Date) or, if the 
Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes, the provisions of paragraph (h) below will apply. 
(d) 
Where the Notes are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred in relation to one or more of the specified Reference Entities and "Credit Linked Redemption" 
is applicable in the Final Terms, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in these Credit Linked 
Conditions, no settlement in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or 
Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, will occur until such time as a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred in respect of the Relevant Number of Reference Entities (a "Trigger"). The 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred which causes the

--- Page 212 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
212 
 
 
Trigger to occur is referred to as the "Triggering Reference Entity" and the Relevant Number is the 
number specified as such in the Final Terms.  As of the day on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the Relevant Number of References 
Entities then (i) Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as 
applicable, shall apply in relation only to the Triggering Reference Entity or (ii) if the Notes are 
Zero/Set Recovery Notes, the provisions of paragraph (h) below will apply. 
(e) 
Where the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes to which Credit Payment on Maturity applies, Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any 
specified Reference Entity and "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable in the Final Terms, then, in 
respect of each Credit Linked Note, each Note shall be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount on the Credit Event Redemption Date, subject as provided in paragraph (i) below. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph (e) will apply in relation to each Reference Entity in respect 
of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred. 
In respect of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and for the avoidance of doubt, where a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to a number of Reference Entities that is 
equal to or less than L (as defined below), then the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be par. 
In respect of Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes and for the avoidance of doubt, where the 
Attachment Point is not exceeded by the Aggregate Loss Percentage following the occurrence of any 
Credit Event Determination Date, then the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be par. 
In respect of Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes and for the avoidance of doubt, where the 
relevant Attachment Point is not exceeded by the relevant Aggregate Loss Percentage following the 
occurrence of any Credit Event Determination Date in respect of each of the Basket Tranched Index 
Components, then the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be par. 
Prior to each date on which a payment is due on the Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall procure that 
Noteholders are notified in accordance with Condition 13 of each Credit Event that has occurred since 
the previous payment date, provided that any delay or failure in the delivery of a such notice shall not 
affect the validity of any Credit Event Determination Date. 
(f) 
Where the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes to which Credit Payment As You Go applies and "Credit Linked Redemption" is 
applicable in the Final Terms, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any 
specified Reference Entity: (i) the Issuer shall give notice in each case that a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred (such notice a "Settlement Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13 and (ii) in respect of each Credit Linked Note: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall pay as an Instalment Amount for the purposes of General Condition 6(i) an 
amount equal to the relevant Credit Event Amount, if any, on the relevant Credit Event 
Payment Date which will be the relevant Instalment Date; and 
(ii) 
each Note shall be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption Amount on the Credit Event 
Redemption Date, provided that if on or prior to the Credit Event Redemption Date and save 
where any Protected Amount is payable, a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in 
respect of all the specified Reference Entities each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed 
(together with accrued interest, if any) at the final Credit Event Amount on the final Credit 
Event Payment Date, subject as provided in paragraph (i) below.  
For the avoidance of doubt part (i) of this provision will apply and part (ii) of this provision will apply 
in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred. 
Any delay in the delivery of a Settlement Notice or failure by the Issuer to deliver a Settlement Notice 
shall not affect the validity of the Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the affected Reference 
Entity. 
(g) 
Where only a part of an issuance of Notes is credit linked (which will be the case where the Credit 
Multiplier is less than 1), references in these Credit Linked Conditions to the "Scheduled Maturity 
Date" shall be references to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the credit linked part of the Notes only and 
notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, the Maturity Date of the Notes shall be the later

--- Page 213 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
213 
 
 
of the Maturity Date determined in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, and the final 
Instalment Date specified in the Final Terms. 
(h) 
Where the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes then if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred 
in respect of any Reference Entity (in the case of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Credit Linked Notes, First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes or 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes) or in respect of the Triggering Reference Entity (in the case of Nth-
to-Default Credit Linked Notes) then following a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of any 
such Reference Entity the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 2, 3 or 4 will not apply but (i) each 
Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Note, First-to-Default Credit Linked Note and Nth-to-Default 
Credit Linked Note will be redeemed by payment of the Credit Event Redemption Amount, if any, on 
the Credit Event Redemption Date together with accrued interest, if any, and (ii) each Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Note, Index Credit Linked Note or Long/Short Credit Linked Note may be redeemed (or 
otherwise) as provided in paragraph (e) or (f) above, as applicable and/or paragraph (i) below, if 
applicable. 
(i) 
Where any Credit Event Redemption Amount is zero (whether the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes 
or otherwise) then, other than for the payment of any accrued interest or any other due but unpaid 
amounts or any interest amount not subject to the Credit Linked Conditions, the Notes will be cancelled 
as of the Credit Event Redemption Date or, if other, the day on which it is determined that the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount is or would be, were it to be so calculated in respect of such day, zero with 
no payment being due other than any final amount of accrued interest or any other due but unpaid 
amounts. The Issuer will have no further obligations in respect of the Credit Linked Notes. 
(j) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount in respect of Zero Coupon 
Notes is equal to 100 per cent. of their face amount. 
(k) 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 and 11 may each apply 
to First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes and Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes meaning that subject 
to paragraph 1(g) above, the Maturity Date may be delayed beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date in 
certain circumstances. 
(l) 
If any purchase and cancellation of Notes occurs under General Condition 6(g) or any further issue 
under General Condition 12, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustments to the applicable Final 
Terms and/or these Credit Linked Conditions as it determines appropriate (including Reference Entity 
Notional Amounts) to ensure the Notes continue to reflect economic intentions. 
2. 
Auction Settlement 
(a) 
Where Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the Final Terms and a 
Credit Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall give notice (such notice an "Auction Settlement Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13, and, subject to these Credit Linked Conditions where "Credit Linked 
Redemption" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms only, in particular Credit Linked Condition 
1, redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note being redeemed 
by the Issuer at the Credit Event Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Notes Currency on the 
Credit Event Redemption Date. 
(b) 
Unless settlement has occurred in accordance with the paragraph above, if: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where such No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraphs (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date, the Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option); 
(iii) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(iv) 
a Credit Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph a(i) of the definition 
of Credit Event Determination Date or paragraph (a) of the definition of Non-Standard Credit 
Event Determination Date and no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred in 
respect of the relevant Credit Event on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after 
such Credit Event Determination Date, 
then:

--- Page 214 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
214 
 
 
(x) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Cash Settlement is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 3 below; or 
(y) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 4 below. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable in accordance 
with this Credit Linked Condition 2, upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption Amounts in 
respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the Notes and shall 
have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Credit Event Redemption 
Amount may be less than the nominal amount of a Credit Linked Note. Any shortfall shall be borne 
by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor. For the avoidance of 
doubt, following redemption of a portion of the Notes in accordance with the foregoing, the Issuer 
may still have payment obligations in respect of any outstanding portion of the Notes. 
3. 
Cash Settlement 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, then where Cash Settlement is specified as the 
applicable Settlement Method in the Final Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(b)(iv)(x)  above 
applies, the Issuer shall give notice (such notice a "Cash Settlement Notice") to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13, and, where "Credit Linked Redemption" is specified as 
applicable, subject to these Credit Linked Conditions, in particular Credit Linked Condition 1, redeem 
all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note being redeemed by the 
Issuer at the Credit Event Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Notes Currency on the Credit 
Event Redemption Date. 
If Cash Settlement applies and "Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and Restructuring 
is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then, unless the Valuation Obligation is a 
Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a 
Valuation Obligation may be included in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio only if it (i) is a Fully 
Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation Date in each case as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines 
relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. 
If Cash Settlement applies and "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Valuation 
Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a 
Governmental Intervention, a Valuation Obligation may be included in the Valuation Obligations 
Portfolio only if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not 
later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of each such 
date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. For the 
purposes of this paragraph only and notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Restructured Bond 
or Loan with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of 
such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity 
date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable in accordance 
with this Credit Linked Condition 3, upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption Amounts in 
respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the Notes and shall 
have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Credit Event Redemption 
Amount may be less than the nominal amount of a Credit Linked Note. Any shortfall shall be borne 
by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor. For the avoidance of 
doubt, following redemption of a portion of the Notes in accordance with the foregoing, the Issuer 
may still have payment obligations in respect of any outstanding portion of the Notes. 
4. 
Physical Settlement 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, then where Physical Delivery is specified as the 
applicable Settlement Method in the Final Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(b)(iv)(y) above 
applies, then, subject to any prior redemption, the Issuer shall, following the receipt of a Calculation 
Agent Physical Settlement Notice, give notice (such notice a "Notice of Physical Settlement") to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13, and where "Credit Linked Redemption" is 
specified as applicable subject to these Credit Linked Conditions, in particular Credit Linked Condition

--- Page 215 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
215 
 
 
1, redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note being redeemed 
by the Issuer by the Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Entitlement on the Credit 
Settlement Date, subject to and in accordance with the General Conditions and these Credit Linked 
Conditions. The relevant Asset Package, if applicable, will be deemed to be a Deliverable Obligation 
and the composition of the Asset Package and the Entitlement in respect of each Credit Linked Note 
equal to the Calculation Amount will be determined by reference to the relevant Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond specified in the relevant Notice of Physical Settlement or 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable. Where appropriate the Calculation Agent may 
make any adjustment in relation to provisions for physical delivery and determination of the 
Entitlement to take account of the relevant Asset Package. 
In the Notice of Physical Settlement, the Issuer shall specify the Deliverable Obligations comprising 
the Entitlement that it reasonably expects to Deliver. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be 
entitled to select any of the Deliverable Obligations to constitute the Entitlement, irrespective of their 
market value. The Notice of Physical Settlement shall include (i) details of the relevant Reference 
Entity, (ii) the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, or the 
equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case the relevant "Outstanding Amount") and, 
if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation. The aggregate Outstanding Amount 
of all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement that the Issuer intends to 
Deliver shall be the relevant "Aggregate Outstanding Amount". 
The Issuer may, from time to time, amend a Notice of Physical Settlement by delivering a notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13, (each such notification, a "Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice") that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, one or more Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of 
the date such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice is effective). A Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice shall specify each replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer will Deliver (each, a 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation") and shall also specify the Outstanding Amount of each 
Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced (with respect to each such Deliverable 
Obligation, the "Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount"). The Outstanding Amount 
of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in the Physical Settlement Amendment Notice 
shall be determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount of the Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation(s) specified in any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice in aggregate with the 
Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligation(s) specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
any earlier Physical Settlement Amendment Notice which, in each case, are not being replaced must 
not be greater than the Aggregate Outstanding Amount. Each such Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice must be effective on or prior to the Credit Settlement Date (determined without reference to any 
change resulting from such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
(i) the Issuer may correct any errors or inconsistencies contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13, prior to the relevant Delivery Date; and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable, the Issuer shall on the PSN Effective Date, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter 
(but in any case, prior to the Delivery Date), notify the Noteholders (in accordance with General 
Condition 13) of the detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that the Issuer will Deliver in 
lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being understood in 
each case that any such notice of correction shall not constitute a Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice. 
If Physical Settlement applies and "Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then, unless the Deliverable 
Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a 
Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may be included in the Entitlement only if it (i) is 
a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date in each case as of each such date as the Calculation Agent 
determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. 
If Physical Settlement applies and "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and 
Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable

--- Page 216 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
216 
 
 
Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a 
Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may be included in the Entitlement only if it (i) is 
a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of each such date as the Calculation 
Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. For the purposes of this 
paragraph only and notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a 
final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or 
Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such 
Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable in accordance 
with this Credit Linked Condition 4, upon Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations and/or payment of 
the Partial Cash Settlement Amounts, as the case may be, the Issuer shall have discharged its 
obligations in respect of the Notes and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in 
respect thereof. The value of such Deliverable Obligations and/or the Partial Cash Settlement 
Amount, as the case may be, may be less than the nominal amount of a Credit Linked Note. Any 
shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor. For the avoidance of doubt, following redemption of a portion of the Notes in 
accordance with the foregoing, the Issuer may still have payment obligations in respect of any 
outstanding portion of the Notes. 
5. 
Accrual of Interest  
(a) 
Where "Credit Linked Interest" is specified in the Final Terms to not apply or the Credit Linked 
Conditions are specified in the Final Terms not to apply to any interest provisions of the Notes then, 
notwithstanding the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, for such purposes, each Note 
will continue to bear interest in accordance with General Condition 4(g) up to but excluding the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (with such date being deemed to be the final Interest Payment Date). 
(b) 
If "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable but "Credit Linked Redemption" is not applicable, then 
notwithstanding "Credit Linked Redemption" is not applicable, any notice that the Issuer would be 
obliged under the Credit Linked Conditions to provide to Noteholders if "Credit Linked Redemption" 
were applicable, shall nevertheless be provided to Noteholders unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that such notice is not relevant given "Credit Linked Redemption" is not applicable. 
(c) 
Where the Notes are Single Reference Entity Notes, First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, or Nth-to-
Default Credit Linked Notes, and "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable in the Final Terms, then, 
subject as provided in paragraph (d) in respect of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, if and to the 
extent that: 
(i) 
"Accrual of Interest up to Credit Event" is specified in the Final Terms as not applicable to 
any interest provisions of the Notes then, notwithstanding General Condition 4(g), each Note 
to which the Credit Linked Conditions apply shall, to the extent to which "Credit Linked 
Interest" is expressed to apply to such Notes, cease to bear interest from the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination Date, or if the Credit Event 
Determination Date is an Interest Payment Date such Interest Payment Date, or, if the Credit 
Event Determination Date falls prior to the first Interest Payment Date, no interest shall accrue 
on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
"Accrual of Interest up to Credit Event" is specified in the Final Terms as applicable to any 
interest provisions of the Notes then, notwithstanding General Condition 4(g), each Note to 
which the Credit Linked Conditions apply shall, to the extent to which "Credit Linked 
Interest" is expressed to apply to such Notes, cease to bear interest from the Credit Event 
Determination Date; and 
provided that, in the case of (i) or (ii) if: 
(x) 
Credit Linked Condition 6, Credit Linked Condition 7 or Credit Linked Condition 8 
applies in respect of the Notes and, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 6, a 
Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date or, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 7, a Failure to Pay has not 
occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date or, in the case of Credit 
Linked Condition 8, a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC Cut-off 
Date, as the case may be; and/or

--- Page 217 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
217 
 
 
(y) 
Credit Linked Condition 9 applies in respect of the Notes and a Credit Event 
Determination Date or the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition, as 
applicable, has not occurred or are not satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Maturity 
Date, 
then to the extent that "Credit Linked Interest" is expressed to apply to the Notes, interest will accrue as 
provided in Credit Linked Condition 6, Credit Linked Condition 7, Credit Linked Condition 8 or Credit 
Linked Condition 9, as the case may be. 
(d) 
Where the Notes are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes and "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable, no 
interest adjustment in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 5 will occur until such time as a 
Trigger has occurred.  As of the day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Trigger has 
occurred, then the Credit Event Determination Date will be deemed to have occurred only on such day. 
(e) 
Where the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes to which Credit Payment on Maturity applies, Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any 
specified Reference Entity and "Credit Linked Interest" is specified as applicable then, in respect of 
each Credit Linked Note unless the Credit Linked Note is a Zero Coupon Note, the interest calculation 
basis described in paragraph (g) below will apply.  
For the avoidance of doubt paragraph (e) above will apply in relation to each Reference Entity in 
respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred. 
(f) 
Where the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes to which Credit Payment As You Go applies and "Credit Linked Interest" is specified as 
applicable then, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any specified 
Reference Entity: (i) the Issuer shall give notice in each case that a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred (such notice a "Settlement Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 and (ii) in respect of each Credit Linked Note unless the Credit Linked Note is a Zero 
Coupon Note, the interest calculation basis described in paragraph (g) below will apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt paragraph (f) above will apply in relation to each Reference Entity in 
respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred. 
Any delay in the delivery of a Settlement Notice or failure by the Issuer to deliver a Settlement Notice 
shall not affect the validity of the Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the affected Reference 
Entity. 
(g) 
In the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit 
Linked Notes, each Note will bear interest pursuant to, and in accordance with, General Condition 4, 
and for such purposes the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes shall be deemed to be 
the Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount or, in the case of each of General Condition 4(a)(y) 
or 4(b)(v)(B), the Calculation Amount shall be deemed to be each Note's pro rata share of the Adjusted 
Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount, in each case on the relevant Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant date for payment pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this paragraph (g) is intended to apply to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Credit 
Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, subject to the 
provisions of sub-paragraph (h) below. 
(h) 
For these purposes "Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount" means, on any Interest 
Payment Date or date for payment pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9, or 11:  
(i) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount multiplied by the Credit 
Multiplier minus (ii) the product of (a) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount multiplied 
by the Credit Multiplier and (b) a fraction with (x) the original aggregate Reference Entity 
Notional Amounts of Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred on or prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date or date for payment 
pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11, as the case may be, as numerator and (y) 
the original aggregate Reference Entity Notional Amounts of the original number of Reference 
Entities to which the Notes related, in each case as of the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes, as denominator;

--- Page 218 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
218 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
Where, 
"CM" means Credit Multiplier, which if specified as "Not applicable" in the Final Terms shall 
be equal to 1; 
"H" means the higher tranche level, expressed as a number of Reference Entities as specified 
in the Final Terms; 
"L" means the lower tranche level, expressed as a number of Reference Entities as specified in 
the Final Terms; and 
"N" means the number of Reference Entities for which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
Where, 
"ALP" means the Aggregate Loss Percentage; 
"AP" means the Attachment Point; 
"CM" means Credit Multiplier, which if specified as "Not applicable" in the Final Terms shall 
be equal to 1; 
"EP" means the Exhaustion Point. 
(iv) 
In the case of Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
 
"ALPz" means the Aggregate Loss Percentagez in respect of Basket Tranched Index 
Componentz being the Aggregate Loss Percentage determined in respect of Basket 
Tranched Index Componentz; 
"APz" means the Attachment Pointz in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as 
indicated in the Final Terms; 
"CWz" is the "Component Weightingz" of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in 
the Final Terms; 
"EPz" means the Exhaustion Pointz in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as 
indicated in the Final Terms; and  
"z" means the number of Basket Tranched Index Components comprising the Basket 
Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes; 
(v) 
In the case of Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be equal to the amount that would be: 
(i) 
where the Long Exposure comprises Single Reference Entity Exposure, First-to-
Default Exposure, or Nth-to-Default Exposure:  
(A) 
prior to the date on which such Long Exposure would cease to accrue 
interest under paragraph (b) above if, as applicable, a Single Reference 
Entity Exposure were Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, a First-
to-Default Exposure were First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes and a Nth-

--- Page 219 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
219 
 
 
to-Default Exposure were Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes; and  
(B) 
on or after the date on which such Long Exposure would cease to accrue 
interest under paragraph (b) above if, as applicable, a Single Reference 
Entity Exposure were Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, a First-
to-Default Exposure were First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes and a Nth-
to-Default Exposure were Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, zero; or 
(ii) 
where the Long Exposure comprises Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, Non-
Tranched Index Exposure, Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, Tranched Index 
Exposure or Basket Tranched Index Exposure, the Adjusted Credit Outstanding 
Nominal Amount of the Notes determined by the Calculation Agent as if  
(A) 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount was equal to the Long Nominal 
Amount; and  
(B) 
as applicable, a Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure were Non-Tranched 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, a Non-Tranched Index Exposure were 
Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, a Tranched Linear Basket 
Exposure were Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, a Tranched 
Index Exposure were Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or a Basket 
Tranched Index Exposure were Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Notes; 
and sub-paragraphs (h)(i) to (iv) were construed accordingly. 
6. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
If "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as a Credit Event in the Final Terms, the provisions of this 
Credit Linked Condition 6 shall apply. 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation End 
Date or any Interest Payment Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) but the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been satisfied on or prior to the Credit Observation 
End Date or any Interest Payment Date or, if Credit Linked Condition 9(y) applies, the Postponed 
Maturity Date or Postponed Interest Payment Date (as defined in Credit Linked Condition 9) and the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date in respect of such Potential Repudiation Moratorium may, in 
the sole determination of the Calculation Agent, fall after the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant 
Interest Payment Date, then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and the maturity of the 
Notes and/or relevant interest payment will be delayed and: 
(a) 
in relation to such event as of the Scheduled Maturity Date, where a Repudiation/Moratorium has not 
occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date: 
(i) 
each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day following 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if later, the Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes and to the extent that the "Credit Linked 
Interest" is stated to be applicable to such Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest (if 
any) calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such 
payment of interest on the fifth Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date or, if later, the Postponed Maturity Date and no further or other amount in 
respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of 
such delay; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, no amount in addition to the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(b) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date and a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and "Credit Linked Redemption" is

--- Page 220 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
220 
 
 
applicable, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 1, Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked 
Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(c) 
in relation to such event as of an Interest Payment Date and where "Credit Linked Interest" is 
applicable, the Calculation Agent may delay the relevant amount of interest which would otherwise be 
payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date. In this case where (i) a Repudiation/Moratorium has not 
occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date then the relevant amount of 
interest shall be payable on the second Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date or, if later, the Postponed Interest Payment Date but no additional interest will be 
payable in respect of the relevant delay and for the avoidance of doubt no amendment will be made to 
any Interest Period or basis of calculation of the relevant amount of interest, other than as described 
above; or (ii) where a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date and a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred thereafter, the relevant amount of 
interest will be adjusted accordingly and may be zero and will be payable on the second Business Day 
following the applicable Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if later, the Postponed Interest 
Payment Date. 
7. 
Grace Period Extension 
If "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or applies pursuant to 
application of the Physical Settlement Matrix), the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 7 shall 
apply. 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation End 
Date or any Interest Payment Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) but, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or 
more Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Credit  
Observation End Date or relevant Interest Payment Date (determined by reference to the Relevant 
Time) (and such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant 
Interest Payment Date), then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and the maturity of the Notes and/or 
relevant interest payment will be delayed and: 
(a) 
in relation to a Potential Failure to Pay existing as of the Scheduled Maturity Date, where a Failure to 
Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date: 
(i) 
each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day following 
the Grace Period Extension Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes and to the extent that the "Credit Linked 
Interest" is applicable, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest calculated as provided herein, 
accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the 
fifth Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date and no further or other amount 
in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of 
such delay; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, no amount in addition to the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(b) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, to the extent that the Credit Linked Conditions are stated to apply to 
such Notes and "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 1, 
Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, 
shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(c) 
in relation to such event as of an Interest Payment Date and where "Credit Linked Interest" is 
applicable, the Calculation Agent may delay the relevant amount of interest which would otherwise be 
payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date. In this case where (i) a Failure to Pay has not occurred 
on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date then the relevant amount of interest shall be payable on 
the second Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date but no additional interest will be 
payable in respect of the relevant delay and for the avoidance of doubt no amendment will be made to 
any Interest Period or basis of calculation of the relevant amount of interest, other than as described

--- Page 221 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
221 
 
 
above; or (ii) where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred thereafter, the relevant amount of interest will be 
adjusted accordingly and may be zero and will be payable on the second Business Day following the 
applicable Grace Period Extension Date. 
8. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Credit Event has occurred on or prior to 
the Credit Observation End Date or any Interest Payment Date and the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not made its determination on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or any Interest Payment Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) then the Calculation 
Agent shall notify Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 that the Maturity Date (where 
"Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable) or relevant Interest Payment Date (where "Credit Linked 
Interest" is applicable) has been postponed to a date (the "DC Determination Cut-off Date") being the 
day falling (i) (a) if the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has 
occurred, fifteen (15) Business Days following the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or (b) if 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has not occurred, the 
second Business Day following the relevant DC No Credit Event Announcement or, if later (ii) fifteen 
(15) Business Days following the DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, and: 
(a) 
in the case of the Maturity Date, where a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC 
Determination Cut-off Date: 
(i) 
each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day following 
the DC Determination Cut-off Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes and to the extent that the "Credit Linked 
Interest" is applicable to such Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest calculated as 
provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or if none the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of 
interest on the fifth Business Day following the DC Determination Cut-off Date and no further 
or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be 
payable in respect of such delay; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, no amount in addition to the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(b) 
where a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date and a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred and where "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, to the 
extent that the Credit Linked Conditions are stated to apply to such Notes, the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 1, Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 
4, as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(c) 
in relation to such event as of an Interest Payment Date and where "Credit Linked Interest" is 
applicable, the Calculation Agent may delay the relevant amount of interest which would otherwise be 
payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date. In this case where (i) a Credit Event has not occurred on 
or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date then the relevant amount of interest shall be payable on 
the second Business Day following the DC Determination Cut-off Date but no additional interest will 
be payable in respect of the relevant delay and for the avoidance of doubt no amendment will be made 
to any Interest Period or basis of calculation of the relevant amount of interest, other than as described 
above; or (ii) where a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date and 
a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred thereafter, the relevant amount of interest will be 
adjusted accordingly and may be zero and will be payable on the second Business Day following the 
applicable DC Determination Cut-off Date. 
9. 
Maturity Date/Interest Payment Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
The following provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 9 apply to Credit Linked Notes and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, may be applied on more than one occasion. The provisions of this Condition 9 
shall only apply to postpone any payment of principal in respect of the Maturity Date if "Credit Linked 
Redemption" is applicable and/or to postpone any payment of interest in respect of any Interest 
Payment Date if "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable.

--- Page 222 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
222 
 
 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 11, if: 
(x) 
on (A) the Scheduled Maturity Date or any Interest Payment Date, (B), if applicable, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, (C) if Grace Period Extension is specified as 
applying in the Final Terms, the Grace Period Extension Date, (D) the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period or (E) the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, a Credit Event 
Determination Date has not occurred but, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a 
Credit Event or Potential Credit Event may have occurred or may occur; or 
(y) 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date or any Interest Payment Date, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may have occurred or may occur, 
the Calculation Agent may at its option notify the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 
13 that the Maturity Date, the relevant Interest Payment Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date, the Grace Period Extension Date, the last day of the Notice Delivery Period or the DC 
Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, has been postponed to a date (such date the 
"Postponed Maturity Date" or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date, the "Postponed Interest 
Payment Date") specified in such notice falling fifteen (15) Business Days after the Credit 
Observation End Date, the relevant Interest Payment Date, the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date or Grace Period Extension Date, or the last day of the Notice Delivery Period or the 
DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, or if such day is not a Business Day the 
immediately succeeding Business Day, and: 
where: 
(i) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(x), a Credit Event Determination Date has not 
occurred on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or relevant Postponed Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition is not satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or relevant Postponed 
Interest Payment Date: 
(ii) 
subject as provided below, in the case of a Postponed Maturity Date each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day following 
the Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(iii) 
in the case of a Postponed Maturity Date and interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, to the 
extent that "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable to such Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to 
pay interest calculated as provided herein accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only be 
obliged to make such payment of interest on the fifth Business Day following the Postponed 
Maturity Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no 
additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(iv) 
in the case of a Postponed Interest Payment Date, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay the 
relevant amount of interest on the second Business Day following the Postponed Interest 
Payment Date and no further or other amounts in respect of interest shall be payable as a result 
of such delay; or 
(v) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes, no amount in addition to the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(b) 
where: 
(i) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(x), a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred 
on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or relevant Postponed Interest Payment Date and 
where "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 1, 
Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as 
applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition 
is satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or relevant Postponed Interest Payment 
Date and where "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 1 or Credit Linked Condition 6 shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 223 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
223 
 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Credit Linked Conditions, no Credit Event may occur 
after the Credit Observation End Date unless that Credit Event occurs as a result of and is related to a 
Potential Failure to Pay, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or a Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date which occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date 
10. 
Partial Cash Settlement 
If all or a portion of the Obligations comprising the Entitlement are Undeliverable Obligations and/or 
Hedge Disruption Obligations, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Partial Cash Settlement Notice") to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 and the Issuer shall pay in respect of each 
Undeliverable Obligation and/or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, the Partial Cash 
Settlement Amount on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
In the Partial Cash Settlement Notice, the Issuer must give details of why it is unable to deliver the 
relevant Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, for the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 10 only 
the following terms shall be defined as follows and such definitions will apply notwithstanding other 
definitions of such terms in Credit Linked Condition 13: 
"Indicative Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each quotation obtained 
from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably practicable) an amount of 
the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, equal to the 
Quotation Amount, which reflects such Quotation Dealer's reasonable assessment of the price of such 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, based on such factors as 
such Quotation Dealer may consider relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery rates. 
"Market Value" means, with respect to an Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, 
as the case may be, on a Valuation Date, (i) if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the 
arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and 
lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then 
one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (ii) if exactly three Full Quotations 
are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of 
such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (iii) if exactly two Full Quotations are 
obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (iv) if fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (v) if 
Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the Final Terms and exactly three Indicative 
Quotations are obtained, the Indicative Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest 
Indicative Quotations (and, if more than one such Indicative Quotations have the same highest or 
lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Indicative Quotations shall be disregarded); (vi) if 
fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained (and, if 
Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than three Indicative Quotations are obtained) then, subject 
to paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount as determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the next Business Day on which at least two Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation or, if applicable, three Indicative Quotations are obtained; and (vii) if fewer than two Full 
Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained (and, if Indicative Quotations 
are applicable, fewer than three Indicative Quotations are obtained) on the same Business Day on or 
prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation Date the Market Value shall be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no 
Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative 
Quotations) for the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, 
obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with respect to the 
aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation 
deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations (or, if applicable, 
Indicative Quotations) were not obtained on such day. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Amount" is deemed to be, for an Undeliverable Obligation or a Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
greater of (i) (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable Amount or the Currency 
Amount, as applicable, of each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case 
may be, multiplied by (B) the Final Price with respect to such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, determined as provided in this Credit Linked Condition less if applicable (C) a 
pro rata share of Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in

--- Page 224 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
224 
 
 
calculating the relevant Entitlement), and (ii) zero provided that where (i) the relevant Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation forms part of the Asset Package and the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole discretion that a Final Price cannot reasonably be determined in respect of such 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, then the Partial Cash Settlement Amount 
will be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion equal to the fair market 
value of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation less Unwind Costs. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Date" is deemed to be the date falling three Business Days after the 
calculation of the Final Price. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation and, if Indicative Quotations 
are specified as applying in the Final Terms, each Indicative Quotation obtained and expressed as a 
percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the 
relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation with respect to a Valuation Date in 
the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation 
Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or 
more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a 
Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business 
Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Quotation 
Dealers, and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. 
If two or more such Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not available on 
any such Business Day and Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain three Indicative Quotations from five or more 
Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation (or, if Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the Final Terms, 
three Indicative Quotations) on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day 
following the Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no 
Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations (or, if applicable, 
Indicative Quotations) for the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption Obligation, 
as the case may be, obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such 
quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation 
Amount for which firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) were not obtained 
on such day. 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market practice in the 
market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case 
may be, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. All 
Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with this determination. 
"Quotation Amount" is deemed to be, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation 
or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount equal to at least the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates in effect at the 
time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation or 
Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be. 
"Quotation Method" is deemed to be Bid. 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms, in which 
case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or no 
election is specified in the Final Terms), (ii) there is no Standard Reference Obligation and 
either (iii) "Initially none" is specified in the Final Terms in respect of the Reference 
Obligation, or (iv) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the Final Terms, in 
which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to

--- Page 225 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
225 
 
 
but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the 
Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference 
Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or no 
election is specified in the Final Terms), the Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such 
obligation shall cease to be the Reference Obligation and the Calculation Agent will select as 
a substitute Reference Obligation any Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority 
as the relevant Seniority Level, provided that, if there is no Deliverable Obligation with the 
same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level, the Calculation Agent may select any 
Deliverable Obligation as a substitute Reference Obligation.  
In addition: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may at any time (x) replace the Reference Obligation with any 
Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority 
Level from time to time, provided that, if there is no Deliverable Obligation with the 
same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level, the Calculation Agent may 
select any Deliverable Obligation as the replacement Reference Obligation or (y) 
where there is no Reference Obligation, including for the avoidance of doubt where 
"Initially none" is specified in the Final Terms in respect of the Reference Obligation, 
select any Deliverable Obligation as the Reference Obligation; and 
(ii) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or 
no election is specified in the Final Terms) and a new obligation is placed on the 
SRO List in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, then the Calculation Agent 
may, but is not obliged to, select the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of 
the Reference Entity as the Reference Obligation. The provisions of this definition 
may be applied by the Calculation Agent on more than one occasion and are without 
prejudice to the right of the Calculation Agent to determine a Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
Without prejudice to the paragraphs above: 
(a) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes (or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes 
referencing such Index), the Reference Obligation will be the Reference Obligation (if any) 
specified as such opposite the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex, subject to the 
definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" below and the following paragraph: 
If there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement 
Reference Obligation for a Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent will select such Reference 
Obligation as the Reference Obligation hereunder for such Reference Entity rather than 
applying the provisions of the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" above; and 
(b) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Notes (or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes 
referencing such Index), the Reference Obligation will be the Reference Obligation (if any) 
specified as such in the Index and specified opposite the Reference Entity in the Index Annex, 
subject as provided in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Index Annex" below and to the 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" provisions herein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of (a) and (b) above, where there is no Reference 
Obligation specified for the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex, the provisions of 
(i)(y) above shall apply and the Calculation Agent may select any Deliverable Obligation as 
the Reference Obligation. 
"Valuation Date" means, for the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 10, the fifth Business Day 
after the Credit Settlement Date. 
"Valuation Method" is deemed to be Highest unless fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained or a 
Weighted Average Quotation applies (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations), in which case 
"Valuation Method" is deemed to be Market.

--- Page 226 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
226 
 
 
"Valuation Time" is the time specified as such in the Final Terms, or, if no time is so specified, 11:00 
a.m. in the principal trading market for the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted 
average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount that in aggregate are 
approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
11. 
Settlement Suspension 
(a) 
Suspension 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 9, if, following the determination of a Credit 
Event Determination Date but prior to the Credit Settlement Date or, to the extent applicable, 
a Valuation Date, there is a DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, the Calculation Agent 
may, at its option, determine that the applicable timing requirements of this Credit Linked 
Condition 11 and the definitions of Credit Event Redemption Date, Valuation Date, Physical 
Settlement Period and PSN Cut-off Date, and any other Credit Linked Condition provision(s) 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, shall toll and be suspended and remain suspended 
(such period of suspension, a "Suspension Period") until the date of the relevant DC Credit 
Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal. During such suspension period 
none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Noteholder are obliged to, nor are they 
entitled to, take any action in connection with the settlement of the Notes. Once the relevant 
DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the 
relevant timing requirements of the Credit Linked Conditions that have previously tolled or 
been suspended shall resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by the 
DC Secretary with the Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the 
tolling or suspension began in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 11. 
In the event of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may make (x) such 
consequential or other adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to the General 
Conditions and these Credit Linked Conditions as may be desirable or required either during 
or following any relevant Suspension Period to account for or reflect such suspension and (y) 
determine the effective date of such adjustment(s) or determination(s). 
(b) 
Interest 
In the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes to the extent that "Credit Linked Interest" 
is applicable as specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
if a Suspension Period falls in any one or more Interest Period(s), then no interest (or 
any interest on any delayed payment of interest) shall accrue during each portion of 
an Interest Period during which a Suspension Period exists; and 
(ii) 
if an Interest Payment Date falls in a Suspension Period, such Interest Payment Date 
will be deferred until such date as determined by the Calculation Agent falling no 
earlier than the first Payment Day and no later than the fifth Payment Day following 
the end of the Suspension Period, all subject to the provisions of General Condition 5 
and Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7 and 8. 
12. 
Redemption following a Merger Event 
If "Merger Event" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, in the event that in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 and redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Notes 
and pay in respect of each Credit Linked Note, the Merger Event Redemption Amount on the Merger 
Event Redemption Date in each case as specified in the Final Terms. 
13. 
Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Notes 
"2.5-year Limitation Date" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation Date". 
"10-year Limitation Date" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation Date".

--- Page 227 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
227 
 
 
"Accrued Interest" means for the purpose of these Credit Linked Conditions: 
(a) 
in respect of any Notes for which "Physical Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement 
Method in the Final Terms (or for which Physical Settlement is applicable as the Fallback 
Settlement Method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2), the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the Final Terms, in which case, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will include 
accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its reasonable 
discretion); 
(b) 
in respect of any Notes for which "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the applicable 
Settlement Method in the Final Terms (or for which Cash Settlement is applicable as the 
Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2), and: 
(i) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the Final Terms, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the Final Terms, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(iii) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market 
practice in the market of the Valuation Obligation whether the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof; or 
(c) 
if Credit Linked Condition 10 applies, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the 
then current market practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation (as applicable), whether such Quotations shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Aggregate Loss Percentage" means: 
(a) 
if "Zero Recovery" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the sum of the Reference 
Entity Weightings for each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred; and 
(b) 
if "FP Recovery" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, a percentage calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to: 
 
Expressed in words, this is (a) the sum of, in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the product of (i) the Reference Entity Weighting and (ii) 100% 
minus the Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price (as applicable), expressed as 
a percentage. 
Where 
"FP" is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, with 
FPA,i being such value in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred;  
"n" is the number of Reference Entities for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred; and 
"REWAi" means the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred;  
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or 
other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred,

--- Page 228 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
228 
 
 
paid or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of 
being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists). 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined 
by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the 
case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of 
Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives 
and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is specified 
as applicable in the Final Terms and such Restructuring does not constitute a 
Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Asset Package Delivery" will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset 
Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the 
Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the 
Credit Event Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, either (a) no Package 
Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event or (b) it is specified not 
to apply in the Final Terms by operation of the Physical Settlement Matrix or otherwise. 
"Attachment Point" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms  
"Auction" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Covered Transaction" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Settlement Date" shall mean the date that is the number of Business Days as shall be 
specified in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not 
so specified, five Business Days) immediately following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. 
"Auction Settlement Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 2. 
"Bankruptcy" means the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due;

--- Page 229 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
229 
 
 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in 
the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding 
or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty (30) calendar days of the institution 
or presentation thereof or before the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes), whichever is earlier; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty (30) 
calendar days thereafter or before the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes), whichever is earlier; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (a) to (g). 
"Basket Tranched Index Component" means, in respect of any Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Notes, each "Basket Tranched Index Component" indicated as such in the Final Terms and having the 
Component Weighting, Attachment Point, Exhaustion Point and Index as indicated in the Final Terms. 
"Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the 
Final Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of a basket of 
more than one Basket Tranched Index Component. 
"Calculation Agent City Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the Calculation Agent City specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice" means a notice by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer containing material information required to be included in a Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice to be given by the Issuer. 
"Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer containing material information required to be included in a Notice of Physical Settlement to be 
given by the Issuer.   
"Cash Settlement Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 3. 
"CDX Index Credit Linked Notes" means Notes which are either CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes or CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes. 
"CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes" means Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes 
indicated as such in the Final Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in 
respect of the Index. 
"CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes" means Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Basket 
Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the Final Terms, where the Issuer purchases 
credit protection from Noteholders in respect of a particular tranche of the Index. 
"Component Weighting" means, in respect of any Basket Tranched Index Component, the percentage 
specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 230 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
230 
 
 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees 
without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds, in each case as of each such date the Calculation Agent determines appropriate for purposes of 
the Hedging Arrangements provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the 
guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if 
the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such 
novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such 
consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, 
assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative 
agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a 
requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (a) below of the definition of Deliverable Obligation below. 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" (and each a "Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee") means each committee established pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching 
certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions. 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of any one or more of the Credit Events specified in the Final 
Terms which may include Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, 
Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention.  
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based 
upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
"Credit Event Amount" means, in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Credit 
Linked Notes to which Credit Payment As You Go applies, following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date in respect of any Reference Entity (i) the amount specified as such in the Final 
Terms or (ii) a Note's pro rata share of the amount (which may be zero) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(RENA × FP) ‒ UC 
where: 
"RENA" is the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of the affected Reference Entity;  
"FP" is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, 
in respect of the affected Reference Entity;  
"UC" is Unwind Costs. 
Expressed in words, this is (1) the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect 
of the affected Reference Entity and the Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero 
Recovery Price, as applicable, in respect of the affected Reference Entity minus (2) the 
Unwind Costs.

--- Page 231 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
231 
 
 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means: 
(a) 
for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in paragraph (b) of the definition 
of Repudiation/Moratorium), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar 
days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is sixty (60) calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period, the Notice 
Delivery Date; and 
(ii) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Post Dismissal Additional Period, the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date; and 
Provided that, if so specified in the Final Terms, such date, will be, in all cases, the later to occur of (A) 
the Trade Date and (B) the Credit Event Backstop Date that is determined pursuant to (a) or (b) above. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention. 
"Credit Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event with respect to which: 
(a) 
Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method or in any event in the case of a 
Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, a Tranched Index Credit Linked Note, a Zero/Set 
Recovery Note, a Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Note or a Long/Short Credit Linked 
Note: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (a)(ii) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period, provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, 
with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a)(i) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and either: 
(i) 
(1) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage 
Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
(1) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective on or prior to the 
Exercise Cut-off Date,  
provided that no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit 
Event has previously been delivered unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit 
Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, or the Calculation Agent otherwise determines this 
is consistent with the Issuer's Hedging Arrangements, or 
(b) 
if paragraph (a) of this definition does not apply, the Non-Standard Credit Event 
Determination Date. 
Provided further that no Credit Event Determination Date will occur, and any Credit Event 
Determination Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to 
have occurred, if, or to the extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a 
Valuation Date, the Credit Settlement Date, the Credit Event Redemption Date or the Maturity 
Date as applicable, a DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to the relevant 
event. 
If, in accordance with the provisions above, (i) following the determination of a Credit Event 
Determination Date, such Credit Event Determination Date is deemed (A) to have occurred on 
a date that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the Credit Event 
Determination Date or (B) not to have occurred or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date is

--- Page 232 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
232 
 
 
deemed to have occurred prior to one or more preceding Interest Payment Dates, the 
Calculation Agent will determine (1) such adjustment(s) to these Credit Linked Conditions 
(including any adjustment to payment amounts) as may be required to reflect (I) such deemed 
date of occurrence or (II) such deemed non-occurrence, of such Credit Event Determination 
Date and (2) the effective date of such adjustment(s). For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals 
of interest shall be taken into account when calculating any adjustment to payment amounts. 
Where the Notes are First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit-Linked Notes 
including a First-to-Default Exposure, a Credit Event Determination Date shall be deemed to 
occur with respect to the Notes on the first occasion a Credit Event Determination Date occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity (the "First Reference Entity"). Where the Notes are 
First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short 
Credit-Linked Notes including a First-to-Default Exposure or Nth-to-Default Exposure and a 
Credit Event Determination Date occurs with respect to more than one Reference Entity on the 
same day, the Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole discretion the order in which such 
Credit Event Determination Dates occur. 
"Credit Event Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the Calculation 
Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or 
after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Credit Observation End 
Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, 
or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. A Credit Event Notice 
shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices set out in General Condition 13. 
"Credit Event Payment Date" means in relation to any Credit Event Amount the day falling the 
number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is 
not so specified, three Business Days) following (x) the calculation of the relevant Final Price or 
Auction Final Price, as applicable or (y) in the case of Zero/Set Recovery Notes, the Credit Event 
Determination Date. 
"Credit Event Redemption Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, First-to-Default Credit Linked 
Notes and Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to each Note's pro rata share of: 
[(RENA × FP) – UC ] + Protected Amount 
Expressed in words, this is the sum of (a), (1) the product of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount and the Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable 
minus (2) the Unwind Costs and (b) if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Protected 
Amount. 
(b) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes to which Credit Payment on Maturity applies, an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to each Note's pro rata share of:

--- Page 233 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
233 
 
 
Expressed in words, this is the sum of (a) (1) the sum of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
not occurred plus (2) the sum of, in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and 
the Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price (as applicable) minus (3) 
Unwind Costs and (b) if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Protected Amount. 
(c) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes to which Credit Payment As You Go applies, an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to a Note's pro rata share of: 
 
Expressed in words, this is the sum of (a) the Reference Entity Notional Amounts in respect of 
each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred and (b) 
if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Protected Amount. 
(d) 
in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to each Note's pro rata share of: 
 
Expressed in words, this is the sum of (a) the product of (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of Notes multiplied by the Credit Multiplier and (ii) one minus the product of (x) the 
quotient of 1 as numerator and the number of Reference Entities specified as H (being the 
higher tranche level) in the Final Terms minus the number of Reference Entities specified as L 
(being the lower tranche level) in the Final Terms ("H-L") as denominator and (y) the lesser 
of H-L and the number, floored at zero, of Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred ("N") minus the number of Reference Entities 
specified as L (being the lower tranche level) in the Final Terms and (b) if specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Protected Amount; or 
(e) 
in the case of Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to each Note's pro rata share of: 
 
expressed in words, this is the sum of (a) the product of (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of Notes multiplied by the Credit Multiplier and (ii) one minus the product of (x) the 
quotient of 1 as numerator and the Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point as 
denominator and (y) the lesser of (A) the Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point and 
(B) the number, floored at zero, equal to the Aggregate Loss Percentage minus the Attachment 
Point and (b) if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Protected Amount. 
where: 
"ALP" means the Aggregate Loss Percentage; 
"AP" means the Attachment Point; 
"CM" means the Credit Multiplier;  
"EP" means the Exhaustion Point; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount stated in the Final Terms if specified as applicable; 
"RENA" is the Reference Entity Notional Amount, RENA,i being the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount in respect of any Reference Entityi, with RENAu,i being the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
in respect of any Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred and 
being deemed to be zero for all other Reference Entities and RENAA,i is the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount in respect of any Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred 
and being deemed to be zero for all other Reference Entities;

--- Page 234 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
234 
 
 
"FP" is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, with 
FPA,i being such value in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred; 
"UC" is Unwind Costs; and 
"n" is the number of Reference Entities. 
(f) 
in the case of Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to each Note's pro rata share of: 
 
expressed in words, this is the sum of (a) the product of (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of Notes multiplied by the Credit Multiplier and (ii) the sum in respect of each Basket 
Tranched Index Componentz of (A) the product of (I) the Component Weightingz of that 
Basket Tranched Index Componentz and (II) one minus the product of (x) the quotient of 1 as 
numerator and the Exhaustion Pointz minus the Attachment Pointz as denominator and (y) the 
lesser of (X) the Exhaustion Pointz minus the Attachment Pointz and (Y) the number, floored 
at zero, equal to the Aggregate Loss Percentagez minus the Attachment Pointz and (b) if 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Protected Amount 
where: 
"ALPz" means the Aggregate Loss Percentagez in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz being 
the Aggregate Loss Percentage determined in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz; 
"APz" means the Attachment Pointz in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in 
the Final Terms; 
"CWz" is the "Component Weightingz" of such Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the 
Final Terms; 
"EPz" means the Exhaustion Pointz in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the 
Final Terms; and  
"z" means the number of Basket Tranched Index Component comprising the Basket Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes; 
provided that, in each of (a) to (f) above, in no event shall the Credit Event Redemption Amount be 
more than the nominal amount of the Notes multiplied by the Credit Multiplier (if applicable) or less 
than zero; 
(g) 
in the case of Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to each Note's pro rata share of the sum of the Long Redemption Amount and the Short 
Redemption Amount; provided that in no event shall such Credit Event Redemption Amount 
be more than the sum of (a) the product of the Long Nominal Amount and the LLM and (b) 
the product of the Short Nominal Amount and the SLM, or less than zero; 
where 
"Basket Tranched Index Exposure" means if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit 
linked terms applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"Calculation Percentage" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Reference Entity Exposure, First-to-Default Exposure and Nth-to-Default 
Exposure, a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (a) if no Credit Event 
Determination Date or, in the case of an Nth to Default Exposure, Trigger, has occurred, 
100% or (b) otherwise: 
[(RENA × FP) – UC ] ÷ RENA 
Expressed as a percentage.

--- Page 235 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
235 
 
 
Expressed in words, this is (a) (1) the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and 
the Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable minus (2) 
the Unwind Costs divided by (b) the Reference Entity Notional Amount, expressed as a 
percentage. 
(b) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure or Non-Tranched Index Exposure, a 
percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
 
Expressed as a percentage. 
Expressed in words, this is (A) the sum of (a) (1) the sum of the Reference Entity Notional 
Amounts in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
not occurred plus (2) the sum of, in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and 
the Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price (as applicable) minus (3) 
Unwind Costs divided by (B) the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts in respect of 
all Reference Entities, expressed as a percentage. 
(c) 
in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, a percentage calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to: 
 
Expressed as a percentage. 
Expressed in words, this is one minus the product of (x) the quotient of 1 as numerator and the 
number of Reference Entities specified as H (being the higher tranche level) in the Final 
Terms minus the number of Reference Entities specified as L (being the lower tranche level) 
in the Final Terms ("H-L") as denominator and (y) the lesser of H-L and the number, floored 
at zero, of Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred ("N") minus the number of Reference Entities specified as L (being the lower tranche 
level) in the Final Terms, expressed as a percentage. 
(d) 
in the case of Tranched Index Exposure, a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to: 
 
 
Expressed as a percentage. 
Expressed in words, this is one minus the product of (x) the quotient of 1 as numerator and the 
Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point as denominator and (y) the lesser of (A) the 
Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point and (B) the number, floored at zero, equal to the 
Aggregate Loss Percentage minus the Attachment Point, expressed as a percentage 
where: 
"ALP" means the Aggregate Loss Percentage; 
"AP" means the Attachment Point; and 
"EP" means the Exhaustion Point. 
(e) 
in the case of Basket Tranched Index Exposure, a percentage calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to: 
 
expressed in words, this is the sum in respect of each Basket Tranched Index Componentz of 
(A) the product of (I) the Component Weightingz of that Basket Tranched Index Componentz

--- Page 236 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
236 
 
 
and (II) one minus the product of (x) the quotient of 1 as numerator and the Exhaustion Pointz 
minus the Attachment Pointz as denominator and (y) the lesser of (X) the Exhaustion Pointz 
minus the Attachment Pointz and (Y) the number, floored at zero, equal to the Aggregate Loss 
Percentagez minus the Attachment Pointz  
where: 
"ALPz" means the Aggregate Loss Percentagez in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz being 
the Aggregate Loss Percentage determined in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz; 
"APz" means the Attachment Pointz in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in 
the Final Terms; 
"CWz" is the "Component Weightingz" of such Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the 
Final Terms; 
"EPz" means the Exhaustion Point in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the 
Final Terms; and  
"z" means the number of Basket Tranched Index Component comprising the Basket Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes; 
"First-to-Default Exposure" means if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit linked 
terms applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"FP" is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, with 
FPA,i being such value in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred; 
"LLM" means the number specified as such in the Final Terms, if any, being the leverage multiplier in 
respect of the Long Exposure; 
"Long Nominal Amount" means at any time the product of the Long Nominal Exposure Percentage 
and the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding; 
"Long Redemption Amount" equals the product of the Long Nominal Amount and the Long 
Calculation Percentage and the LLM; 
"Long Calculation Percentage" means the Calculation Percentage arising from the Long Exposure; 
"Long Exposure" means, in respect of the Long Nominal Amount and as specified in the Final Terms, 
any one of Single Reference Entity Exposure, First-to-Default Exposure, Nth-to-Default Exposure, 
Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, Non-Tranched Index Exposure, Tranched Linear Basket 
Exposure, Tranched Index Exposure or Basket Tranched Index Exposure; 
"Long Nominal Exposure Percentage"means the percentage indicated as such in the Final Terms; 
 
"n" is the number of Reference Entities, 
"Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure" if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit 
linked terms applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"Non-Tranched Index Exposure" if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit linked 
terms applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"Nth-to-Default Exposure" if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit linked terms 
applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"RENA" is the Reference Entity Notional Amount, with RENAu,i being the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount in respect of any Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not 
occurred and being deemed to be zero for all other Reference Entities and RENAA,i is the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount in respect of any Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has occurred and being deemed to be zero for all other Reference Entities; 
"Short Calculation Percentage" means 100% minus the Calculation Percentage arising from the Short 
Exposure; 
"Short Exposure" means, in respect of the Short Nominal Amount and as specified in the Final Terms, 
any one of Single Reference Entity Exposure, First-to-Default Exposure, Nth-to-Default Exposure,

--- Page 237 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
237 
 
 
Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, Non-Tranched Index Exposure, Tranched Linear Basket 
Exposure, Tranched Index Exposure or Basket Tranched Index Exposure; 
"Short Nominal Amount" means at any time the product of the Short Nominal Exposure Percentage 
and the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding; 
"Short Nominal Exposure Percentage" means the percentage indicated as such in the Final Terms; 
"Short Redemption Amount" equals the product of the Short Nominal Amount and the Short 
Calculation Percentage and the SLM 
"Single Reference Entity Exposure" means if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit 
linked terms applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"SLM" means the number specified as such in the Final Terms, if any, being the leverage multiplier in 
respect of the Short Exposure; 
"Tranched Linear Basket Exposure" if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit linked 
terms applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"Tranched Index Exposure" if specified in the Final Terms to be applicable, the credit linked terms 
applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
and provided that, the Credit Linked Conditions shall apply to the relevant Long Exposure or Short 
Exposure (including for the purposes of determining the Calculation Percentage arising from the 
relevant Long Exposure or Short Exposure, as the case may be) in such manner as the Calculation 
Agent, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, may determine is necessary or desirable to give 
rise to the intended economic effect of the Credit Linked Conditions and as if a Single Reference Entity 
Exposure is a Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Note, a First-to-Default Exposure is a First-to-
Default Credit Linked Note, a Nth-to-Default Exposure is a Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Note, a Non-
Tranched Linear Basket Exposure is a Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, a Non-
Tranched Index Exposure is a Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Note, a Tranched Linear Basket 
Exposure is a Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, a Tranched Index Exposure is a Tranched 
Index Credit Linked Note or a Basket Tranched Index Exposure is a Basket Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Note. 
"UC" is Unwind Costs;  
"Credit Event Redemption Date" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11:   
(a) 
in the case of any Notes other than Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Credit Linked 
Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes,  
(ii) 
the day falling three Business Days, or such other number of Business Days specified 
in the Final Terms, after (i) the calculation of the Final Price (ii) the Auction 
Settlement Date or (iii) if the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes the Credit Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, in each case in respect of the Reference Entity the 
occurrence of which results in the Notes becoming redeemable; or  
(iii) 
where Maturity Credit Redemption is specified to be applicable in the Final Terms 
only: if later, the Maturity Date determined pursuant to these Credit Linked 
Conditions and subject to adjustment, where applicable, pursuant to Credit Linked 
Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 and 11; or  
(b) 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short 
Credit Linked Notes, the "Maturity Date" determined for these purposes as 
(i) 
subject to (ii) and (iii) below, the later of  
(a) 
the day falling three Business Days or such other number of Business Days 
specified in the Final Terms, following (i) the calculation of the Final Price 
or (ii) the Auction Final Price Determination Date (or, if later, the related 
Auction Settlement Date) in respect of each Reference Entity for which a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and for which the Final Price 
or Auction Final Price is relevant for the determination of the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount; and

--- Page 238 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
238 
 
 
(b) 
the Maturity Date determined without regard to the provisions of this 
paragraph and subject to adjustment as specified in Credit Linked 
Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11; or 
(ii) 
if the Notes are Zero/Set Recovery Notes, the later of  
(i) 
the day falling three Business Days or such other number of Business Days 
specified in the Final Terms, following the date as of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred or is determined not to have occurred in 
respect of each Reference Entity which is relevant for the determination of 
the Credit Event Redemption Amount; and  
(ii) 
the Maturity Date determined without regard to the provisions of this 
paragraph and subject to adjustment as specified in Credit Linked 
Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11; or 
(iii) 
if the Notes are Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes or Basket Tranche Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short 
Credit Linked Notes, the Maturity Date subject to adjustment as specified in Credit 
Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11. 
"Credit Event Reduction Factor" means: 
(a) 
in the case of any Notes other than Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Tranched 
Index Credit Linked Notes, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit 
Linked Notes, a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is the aggregate Reference Entity 
Notional Amounts of all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination 
Date has not occurred prior to the Credit Observation End Date and (ii) the denominator of 
which is the aggregate of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts of all Reference Entities; or 
(b) 
in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Notes, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes only, a 
fraction, (i) the numerator of which is the Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount, and 
(ii) the denominator of which is the aggregate outstanding nominal amount multiplied by the 
Credit Multiplier (if any) as of the Issue Date. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the 
date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
"Credit Index" means the index named in the Index Annex specified in the Final Terms. 
"Credit Multiplier" means 1 unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms. 
"Credit Observation End Date" means the Scheduled Maturity Date or such other date specified in 
the Final Terms. The Credit Observation End Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention. 
"Credit Settlement Date" means (a) the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period following 
the PSN Cut-off Date (the "Scheduled Credit Settlement Date") provided that if a Hedge Disruption 
Event has occurred and is continuing on the second Business Day immediately preceding the 
Scheduled Credit Settlement Date, the Credit Settlement Date shall be the earlier of (i) the second 
Business Day following the date on which no Hedge Disruption Event subsists and (ii) the day falling 
sixty (60) Business Days following the Scheduled Credit Settlement Date or (b) where Maturity Credit 
Redemption is specified to be applicable in the Final Terms only: if later, the Maturity Date determined 
pursuant to these Credit Linked Conditions and subject to adjustment, where applicable, pursuant to 
Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 and 11. 
"Currency Amount" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement  or a selected Valuation Obligation, as applicable that is denominated in a currency 
other than the Settlement Currency, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a 
conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the 
Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate

--- Page 239 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
239 
 
 
determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert 
each Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice with respect to that portion of the relevant Credit Linked Notes into the currency of 
denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
"Currency Rate" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, or selected 
Valuation Obligation, as applicable, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the 
currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either 
(i) determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (ii) if 
such rate is not available at such time, determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) a Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, the Revised Currency 
Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 
p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the date 
that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable. 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after the Credit Event 
Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after 
the Credit Observation End Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant 
Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event 
has occurred. 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Cut-off Date" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 8. 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit 
Event. 
"DC Party" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"DC Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by ISDA on 
its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from 
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.  
"Default Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is specified in the Final Terms, US$10,000,000, or 
its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, 
as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
"Deliver" means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the 
benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of 
the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and

--- Page 240 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
240 
 
 
taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable 
Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the 
Entitlement to the relevant Noteholder free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or 
encumbrances including without limitation any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or 
defence based on the factors set out in (a) to (d) in the definition of "Credit Event" above but excluding 
any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system or right of set-off by or of 
the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor) provided that (i) if all or a portion of the 
Entitlement consists of Direct Loan Participations, "Deliver" means to create (or procure the creation 
of) a participation in favour of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) if a Deliverable Obligation is a 
Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided 
further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, 
the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap. "Delivery" and 
"Delivered" will be construed accordingly. In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using 
documentation substantially in the form of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market 
for Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
If Asset Package Delivery is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, (i) Delivery of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related 
Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit 
Event, (ii) paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package provided 
that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the 
Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the 
date on which the Issuer has notified the Holders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 of the 
detailed description of the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its 
obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by 
Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (v) if the relevant Asset is a 
Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount 
of cash equal to the Asset Market Value and the term Asset Package shall be construed accordingly. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining Deliverable 
Obligations" below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, (i) if Financial Reference Entity Terms is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, any Prior Deliverable Obligation, or (ii) if the Reference Entity 
is a Sovereign, any Package Observable Bond, 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater 
than zero (determined for purposes of paragraph (d) above, immediately prior to the relevant 
Asset Package Credit Event). 
(i) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations. For the purposes of this definition 
of "Deliverable Obligation", the term "Deliverable Obligation" may be defined as 
each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation 
Category specified in the Final Terms, and, subject to paragraph (ii) (Interpretation 
of Provisions) below, having each of, the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if 
any, specified in the Final Terms, in each case, as of each such date the Calculation 
Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. The following 
terms shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed 
Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as

--- Page 241 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
241 
 
 
defined in the definition of "Obligation" below, except that, for the purpose 
of determining Deliverable Obligation, the definition of "Reference 
Obligation Only" shall be amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only). 
(ii) 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not 
Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic 
Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance (each as 
defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), Assignable Loan, Consent 
Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum 
Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer; 
(A) 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned 
or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or financial 
institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that 
are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, 
without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the 
guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable 
borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any 
agent; 
(B) 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated with the consent of the Reference Entity or the 
guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such loan) or any 
agent; 
(C) 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, 
pursuant to a participation agreement, the Issuer is capable of 
creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour 
of each Noteholder that provides each Noteholder with recourse to 
the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due 
under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation 
seller, any such agreement to be entered into between each 
Noteholder and either (A) the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, (to the extent that the Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
applicable, is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending 
syndicate), or (B) a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the 
extent such Qualifying Participation Seller is then a lender or a 
member of the relevant lending syndicate); 
(D) 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to 
institutional investors without any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be 
considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
I 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that 
provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any 
jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
II 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or 
regulatory investment restrictions on insurance companies 
and pension funds; or 
III 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around 
payment dates or voting periods; 
(E) 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining 
maturity of not greater than the period specified in the Final Terms 
(or if no such period is specified, thirty years);

--- Page 242 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
242 
 
 
(F) 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the 
principal amount owed, whether by reason of maturity, 
acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in 
accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been 
but for, and without regard to, any limitation imposed under any 
applicable insolvency laws; and 
(G) 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument 
unless interests with respect to such bearer instrument are cleared 
via 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream 
International 
or 
any 
other 
internationally recognised clearing system. 
(ii) 
Interpretation of Provisions 
(i) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic 
Issuance" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be construed 
as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
(ii) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not 
Domestic Issuance" or "Not Bearer" is specified in the Final Terms, the 
Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
"Transferable" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans; or (iii) any of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" or 
"Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Terms 
shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had 
been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect 
to Loans. 
(iii) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and 
"Direct Loan Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics in the Final Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include 
any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics. 
(iv) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the 
following will apply: 
(A) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the 
Deliverable Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be 
deemed to be described by the same category or categories as those 
that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(B) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant 
Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the 
relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if 
any, specified in the Final Terms from the following list: "Not 
Subordinated", "Specified Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", 
"Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic Law"; 
(C) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying 
Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the 
applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the Final Terms from the 
following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable 
Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation",

--- Page 243 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
243 
 
 
"Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", "Accelerated" or "Matured" 
and "Not Bearer"; and 
(D) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to 
refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(E) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic "Maximum Maturity", remaining maturity shall be 
determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation 
in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case 
of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining 
maturity shall be zero. 
(F) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental 
Intervention" are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, if an 
obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the 
existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the 
time of making the determination which permit the Reference 
Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended 
in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such 
Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(G) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics and the requirements specified in the 
paragraphs commencing "If Physical Settlement applies and "Mod 
R" …" and "If Physical Settlement applies and "Mod Mod R" …" 
in Credit Linked Condition 4 to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond, any such determination shall be made 
by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation in effect 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(H) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise 
satisfy 
the 
"Maximum 
Maturity" 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in 
such obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic. 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this paragraph (ii) apply in respect of the 
definitions of Obligation and Deliverable Obligation as the context admits. 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date such 
Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be Delivered pursuant to the definition of "Deliver" 
above). 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms and any successor 
currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor currency of 
(a) the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the 
Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign.  
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity is 
not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the

--- Page 244 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
244 
 
 
Reference Entity. As used herein, "Voting Shares" shall mean those shares or other interests that have 
the power to elect the board of directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under 
the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in 
respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any portion 
of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or 
(b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence 
of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each 
case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the relevant PSN 
Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on or prior to the 
Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (B) the relevant Valuation Date, as applicable. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of 
such information. 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity 
described in sub-paragraph (c) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least US$500 million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in sub-paragraph (a); 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose 
vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least US$100 million or (B) is one of a group of 
investment vehicles under common control or management having, in aggregate, 
total assets of at least US$100 million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least US$500 million; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed 
or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement 
by an entity described in sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(i) or (d); or 
(d) 
any Sovereign; or 
(e) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and 
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition to US$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Entitlement" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Credit Multiplier, as applicable, Deliverable Obligations, as 
selected by the Calculation Agent, with: 
(a) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money, an Outstanding Principal 
Balance; or 
(b) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable 
Amount, 
(or, in the case of either (a) or (b), the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), in an 
aggregate amount as of the relevant Delivery Date equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by the

--- Page 245 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
245 
 
 
Credit Multiplier (if applicable) less, if Unwind Costs are specified as applying in the Final Terms, 
Deliverable Obligations with a market value determined by the Calculation Agent on the Business Day 
selected by the Calculation Agent falling during the period from and including the Credit Event 
Determination Date to and including the Delivery Date equal to a pro rata share of Unwind Costs. 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components 
have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date 
of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Excluded Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and (i) the 
relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior 
Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, then for 
purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, 
any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and the 
relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated 
Obligation, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or 
Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and any Note to which paragraph (a) of the definition 
of Credit Event Determination Date above applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is 
published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event where paragraph (a) of the definition of Credit Event 
Determination Date does not apply, the relevant Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves. 
"Exhaustion Point" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Credit Observation End Date (for the purposes of this definition of Extension Date, the 
"Scheduled Termination Date"); 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are 
specified as applying in the Final Terms, and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to 
the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date; and  
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, as applicable. 
"Failure to Pay" means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of 
any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference 
Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations 
at the time of such failure provided that, if an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a

--- Page 246 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
246 
 
 
result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is 
of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available 
market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be 
deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the 
rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
"Fallback Settlement Method" means, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes for which Auction 
Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the Final Terms, the fallback settlement 
method specified in the Final Terms. 
"Final List" has the meaning given in the DC Rules. 
"Final Price" means the price of the relevant Valuation Obligation(s), as the case may be, expressed as 
a percentage of its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
determined in accordance with the Valuation Method specified in the Final Terms or, where applicable, 
Credit Linked Condition 10. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after obtaining all 
Quotations for a Valuation Date, make available for inspection by Noteholders at the specified office of 
the Principal Paying Agent (i) each such Quotation that it receives in connection with the calculation of 
the Final Price and (ii) a written computation showing its calculation of the Final Price. 
"First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the Final 
Terms where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Noteholders in respect of two or more 
Reference Entities, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of 
the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided 
that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more 
variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to 
the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method each firm quotation obtained from 
a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the 
Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the 
Quotation Amount. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the 
case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent 
of any person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, 
as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging 
Arrangements. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable 
Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent 
for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered as a requirement for consent for purposes of this 
definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation". 
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, if the relevant Reference 
Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation 
which is Subordinated thereto. 
"Governmental Authority" means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational 
body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority 
or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central 
bank) of the Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) 
above. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to 
an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events 
occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to,

--- Page 247 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
247 
 
 
or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), 
in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether 
such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (c). 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under and in accordance with the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect as of the date as of 
which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the Final Terms, a Potential Failure to 
Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date 
and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date, the Grace Period will be deemed to be the 
lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in the Final Terms or, if no period 
is specified in the Final Terms, thirty (30) calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect 
to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period 
Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace 
Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless 
Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the Final Terms, such deemed Grace Period 
shall expire no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in 
the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so specified (a) if the Obligation Currency is the 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city 
in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if: 
(a) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date or relevant 
Interest Payment Date, 
the date falling the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. If 
"Grace Period Extension" is not specified as applicable in the Final Terms, Grace Period Extension 
shall not apply. 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hedging Arrangements" means any transaction(s), asset(s) or trading position(s) the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates or agents may enter into or hold from time to time (including, if applicable, on a

--- Page 248 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
248 
 
 
portfolio basis) to hedge directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in part the credit or other price 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Hedge Disruption Event" means in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any event (including, 
without limitation, any delay in settlement of any Auction) as a result of which the Issuer and/or any of 
its Affiliates (a) has not received the relevant Deliverable Obligations under the terms of the Issuer's 
Hedging Arrangements (if any) and/or (b) cannot maintain, adjust, enter into or exercise rights under its 
Hedging Arrangements in each case in such a manner as is necessary to meet its obligations in full as 
these fall due solely with amounts or assets which it is entitled to receive under the Hedging 
Arrangements on the relevant due date(s) therefor. 
"Hedge Disruption Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Entitlement which, on 
the Credit Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines cannot 
be Delivered as a result of a Hedge Disruption Event. 
"Index Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the Final Terms and 
comprising either Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or 
Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, as specified in the Final Terms.  
"Index Annex" means: 
(a)  
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes, the list for the relevant Index with the 
relevant Annex Date, as published by the Index Publisher (which can be accessed at 
http://www.markit.com or any successor website thereto). The Index Annex will be deemed 
amended from time to time to reflect any modifications resulting from the application of the 
definitions of Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard Reference Obligation and/or 
Substitute Reference Obligation; or 
(b)  
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Notes, the list for the relevant Index with the Annex 
Date, as published by the Index Publisher (which can be accessed at http://www.markit.com or 
any successor website thereto). In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of the 
Index Annex and the terms of the corresponding Index published by the Index Sponsor, the 
terms of the Index Annex shall prevail. 
"Index Publisher" means Markit Group Limited, or any replacement therefor appointed by the Index 
Sponsor for purposes of officially publishing the relevant Index. 
"Index Roll Effective Date" means: 
(a) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes, the Roll Date in respect of the Index as 
specified and defined in the Index Annex; or  
(b) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Notes, the Effective Date in respect of the Index as 
specified and defined in the Index Annex. 
"Index Sponsor" means: 
(a) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes, Markit Indices Limited or any successor 
sponsor of the Index; or  
(b) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Notes, Markit North America, Inc. or any successor 
sponsor of the Index. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes" means Notes which are either  iTraxx Non-Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes or iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes. 
"iTraxx Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes" means Index Credit Linked Notes indicated as 
such in the Final Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of the 
Index. 
"iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes" means Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or 
Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the Final Terms, where the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of a particular tranche of the Index. 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of principal has been or 
will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation

--- Page 249 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
249 
 
 
Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest Asset Package 
will be the package of Assets with the highest immediately realizable value, determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
"Limitation Date" means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year to 
occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the 
Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the "10-
year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15 years, or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes" means Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or 
Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Long/Short Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the Final Terms 
where the Issuer both purchases and sells credit protection as specified in the Final Terms. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either Mod R or 
Mod Mod R is specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
"Market Value" means, with respect to the Valuation Obligation on a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one 
such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding 
the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the 
same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall 
be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such 
Weighted Average Quotation; 
(e) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, subject as provided in the definition of Quotation, an amount the Calculation Agent 
shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations or a 
Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; and 
(f) 
if two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not obtained on or prior 
to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Market Value shall be 
any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations 
for the Valuation Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such 
tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which 
such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
"Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date either (A) the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Reference Entity (any 
such entity, the "Mergor") consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to (i) where the Mergor is the Issuer or the Guarantor, a Reference Entity 
or (ii) where the Mergor is a Reference Entity, the Issuer or the Guarantor, or (B) (i) either of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor and (ii) a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms (or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no amount is so specified, the lower of (a) 
US$1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) and (b) the Quotation Amount.

--- Page 250 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
250 
 
 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and 
other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation End 
Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Credit Observation End Date is later than the 10 year Limitation Date, 
the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Credit Observation End Date. 
In connection with the above, the final maturity date shall be determined on the basis of the terms of 
the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a 
Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on 
which such determination is made. 
"Movement Option" means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring for which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date, the option of the Issuer to apply to the Credit Linked Notes, for purposes of 
settlement, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which the Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations are more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that could apply in respect 
of the Reference Transaction (provided that if more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms are published, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations shall apply). If no Notice to Exercise Movement Option is 
delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Credit Linked Notes will 
be settled in accordance with the Fallback Settlement Method. If a Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option is delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, such event will be 
notified to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following 
the Exercise Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved. 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on London Business Days immediately 
following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice or relevant Partial Cash Settlement Notice, as applicable, is effective. For the 
purposes of determining the Next Currency Fixing Time, "London Business Day" means a day on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in London. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date on which the DC 
Secretary first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published;  
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring no Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or  
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will 
be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in 
circumstances where either:  
(i) 
no Parallel Auction will be held; or  
(ii) 
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in 
the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was 
issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable 
for being traded in, financial markets.

--- Page 251 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
251 
 
 
"Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date" means with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery 
Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, 
provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event 
specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day 
of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(i) 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is not the applicable Settlement Method; 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(3) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC Credit 
Event Announcement; or 
(ii) 
(1) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and  
(2) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective on or prior to the 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective during 
either the Notice Delivery Period or the period from and including the date of the DC 
Credit Event Announcement to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days 
thereafter (provided, in each case, that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period 
(including prior to the Trade Date)), if either: 
(i) 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is not the applicable Settlement Method; 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(3) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC Credit 
Event Announcement and on or prior to a DC Announcement 
Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines this is otherwise consistent with the 
Issuer's Hedging Arrangements, 
provided that no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only 
Credit Event has previously been delivered unless the M(M)R Restructuring 
specified in such Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit Event 
Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or 
the Calculation Agent determines this is otherwise consistent with the Issuer's 
Hedging Arrangements. 
"Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event to which paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, 
if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is 
published; or

--- Page 252 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
252 
 
 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date. 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means, in respect of the Reference Entity, the Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes" means either iTraxx Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Notes or CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, 
unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms, an 
effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Calculation Agent. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the 
date that is fourteen (14) calendar days after the Extension Date. 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that cites Publicly 
Available 
Information 
confirming 
the 
occurrence 
of 
the 
Credit 
Event 
or 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
as 
applicable, 
described 
in 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Notice 
or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy or description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If "Notice of Publicly Available 
Information" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and a Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, 
such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information. A Notice of Publicly Available Information shall be subject 
to the requirements regarding notices in Credit Linked Condition 17. 
"Notice to Exercise Movement Option" means, with respect to Notes for which (a) M(M)R 
Restructuring is applicable and (b) the Fallback Settlement Method would otherwise be applicable 
pursuant to the Auction Settlement provisions, a notice from the Issuer to the Calculation Agent that (i) 
specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms applicable in accordance with the definition of 
Movement Option and (ii) is effective on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
"Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the Final 
Terms where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Noteholders in respect of two or more 
Reference Entities, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining 
Obligations" below ); and 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation, 
in each case unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
"Method for Determining Obligations". For the purposes of paragraph (a) of this definition 
of "Obligation", the term "Obligation" may be defined as the obligation of each Reference 
Entity described by the Obligation Category specified in the Final Terms, and having each of 
the Obligation Characteristics (if any) specified in the Final Terms, in each case, immediately 
prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the DC 
Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date, as applicable. The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation 
Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the Final 
Terms, where:

--- Page 253 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
253 
 
 
(i) 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or 
otherwise) for the payment or repayment of money, including, without 
limitation, Borrowed Money; 
(c) 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for 
the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, 
deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
(d) 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no 
Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only; 
(e) 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered 
pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any 
other type of Borrowed Money; 
(f) 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other 
similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; and 
(g) 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
(h) 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not 
Domestic Issuance specified in the Final Terms, where: 
(i) 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (1) the 
Reference Obligation or, (2) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; 
(i) 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") and another 
obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the "First 
Obligation"), a contractual, trust or other similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the 
liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the 
holders of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of 
the Second Obligation or (II) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to 
receive or retain principal payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at 
any time that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the 
First Obligation. "Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another 
obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by 
operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security 
arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, 
priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is 
a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, 
as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which 
it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior 
Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference 
Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in 
each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date; 
and 
(j) 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there is no Reference 
Obligation applicable to the relevant Notes, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently 
applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the Final Terms as the 
Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the 
Trade Date and otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the 
Reference Entity; 
(k) 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies 
specified as such in the Final Terms (or, if Specified Currency is specified in the Final Terms 
and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency) provided that if the euro is 
a Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was 
previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such

--- Page 254 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
254 
 
 
redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member 
State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority; 
(l) 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign 
or (B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or 
more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and 
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, 
obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(m) 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than 
applicable Domestic Currency provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not 
constitute the Domestic Currency; 
(n) 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a 
Domestic Law; 
(o) 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an 
exchange; and 
(p) 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic 
market of the Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other 
action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of 
the Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for 
sale within the domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic 
market of the Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event or default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect 
of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which the Obligation is denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event 
of default, or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Final Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an 
obligation of the Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation for purposes of the relevant Notes (other than for the purposes of determining the 
Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless the relevant Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
"Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation which will 
be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of 
Accrued Interest above, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment 
obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying 
Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were references to the 
Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any);

--- Page 255 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
255 
 
 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
(other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) above less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this 
paragraph (b), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (A) the relevant PSN Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are 
amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or 
(B) the relevant Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable 
laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the 
original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from 
time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website 
from time to time and (b) which fell within paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation (above), in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event was legally effective. 
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as such term shall be defined in the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means "Auction Cancellation Date" as such term shall be 
defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R 
Restructuring, and for which (i) the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Reference 
Transaction and (ii) the Reference Transaction would not be an Auction Covered Transaction provided 
that if no such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation Agent may 
select in its sole discretion the applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date" means "Notice of Physical Settlement Date" as defined 
in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms or its equivalent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is specified in the Final Terms, US$1,000,000, 
or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either 
case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in the 
Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms applicable to the relevant Auction. 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of 
the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee 
(or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment 
obligations in the case of any other Guarantee);

--- Page 256 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
256 
 
 
(iv) 
if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" are specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, any Solvency Capital Provisions; or  
(v) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, 
released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption 
by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution 
of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a 
transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Physical Settlement Amendment Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 4. 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means the physical settlement matrix (if any) which applies to the 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, the number of Business 
Days specified as such in the Final Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, then, 
with respect to a Deliverable Obligation comprising the Entitlement, the longest number of Business 
Days for settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if the Issuer has notified the Holders in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 4 that it will Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be 35 Business Days. 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided 
that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of 
the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
"Potential Credit Event" means a Potential Failure to Pay (if Failure to Pay is an applicable Credit 
Event 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Reference 
Entity), 
a 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
(if 
Repudiation/Moratorium is an applicable Credit Event in respect of the Reference Entity) or if a Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has not made its determination, such event will be deemed to be a Potential Credit Event. A 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the Calculation Agent may each determine whether 
a Potential Failure to Pay or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred. 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without 
regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Obligations. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (a) of 
the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), 
any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such 
Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) 
fell within paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above, in each 
case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally 
effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in 
respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable

--- Page 257 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
257 
 
 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), such 
Reference Obligation, if any. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on 
the factors set forth in (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit Event above) or right of set-off by or of the 
Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding 
or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"PSN Cut-off Date" means subject, where applicable, to Credit Linked Condition 13: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the later of: 
(i) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Credit Event Determination Date; and 
(ii) 
the tenth calendar day after either the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or of the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, if any (or, if 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, the tenth calendar day after the 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date); or 
(b) 
if, in accordance with the terms of Credit Linked Condition 2 above, Credit Linked Condition 
4 applies as a result of the occurrence of (a) an Auction Cancellation Date or (b) a No Auction 
Announcement Date and: 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of: 
(i) 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above; and 
(ii) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Auction Cancellation Date or the No 
Auction Announcement Date, occurring pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (c)(i) 
of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date above, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring either: 
(i) 
the later of: 
(1) 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph a(i) above; and 
(2) 
the thirtieth calendar day after: 
(x) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring 
pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date above, if any; 
(y) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring 
pursuant to paragraph (c)(i) of the definition of 
No Auction Announcement Date above, if any; 
or 
(z) 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, as 
applicable; or 
(ii) 
the later of the Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (or, if more than 
one Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date should occur, the last 
Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date), and the Relevant City Business 
Day immediately following the Parallel Auction Cancellation Date, if any 
(or, if more than one should occur, the last Parallel Auction Cancellation 
Date), as applicable, in circumstances where either: 
(1) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
paragraph (a) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date above and the Issuer has not 
exercised the Movement Option; or 
(2) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
paragraph (c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date above and the Issuer has not 
exercised the Movement Option,

--- Page 258 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
258 
 
 
provided that in the case of paragraphs a(ii) and (b) above, the relevant Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, if any, occurred on or prior to the date described in paragraph a(i) 
above. 
"PSN Effective Date" means the date on which an effective Calculation Agent Physical Settlement 
Notice or Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered 
to the Issuer. 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the Final 
Terms (or if no such source is specified in the Final Terms, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones 
Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, 
Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and 
Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the 
Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised published or electronically 
displayed news sources). 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have 
occurred and which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources (regardless 
of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); 
(b) 
is information received from or published by (i) the Reference Entity (or, if the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority 
thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank) of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing 
agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of 
or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body; 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) or (c) above is not publicly 
available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) or (c) above, the Calculation 
Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the entity 
disclosing such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding 
with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would 
prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
(d) 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state: 
(i) 
in relation to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting 
Shares owned by the Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
that the relevant occurrence: 
(i) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(ii) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(iii) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must 
relate to the events described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium below. 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes or is

--- Page 259 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
259 
 
 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not 
covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in 
either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing 
law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee:  
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or 
any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(i) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, 
release, reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the 
relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying 
Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee 
or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of 
Bankruptcy above in respect of the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall 
be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding 
the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(1) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being 
Delivered together with the Delivery of the Underlying 
Obligation; and 
(2) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any 
amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be 
capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of 
such guarantee. 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" means any participation seller that meets the requirements specified 
in the Final Terms. If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying Participation 
Seller. 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted 
against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become 
redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of the 
relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent 
Amount. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed 
as a percentage with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date from 
five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full 
Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next

--- Page 260 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
260 
 
 
following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business 
Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full 
Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, 
a Weighted Average Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full 
Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth 
Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no 
Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Valuation Obligation 
obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with respect to the 
aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation 
deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not 
obtained on such day. 
"Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms (which may be specified 
by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to a Representative Amount) or, if no amount 
is specified in the Final Terms, the Reference Entity Notional Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates 
in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained). 
"Quotation Dealer" means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which Quotations 
are to be obtained including each Quotation Dealer specified in the Final Terms. If no Quotation 
Dealers are specified in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall select the Quotation Dealers. 
Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), or not being an active 
dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent 
may substitute any other Quotation Dealer(s) for such Quotation Dealer(s). 
"Quotation Method" means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the Final Terms by 
reference to one of the following terms: 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers 
and shall be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer's quotation. 
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the Final Terms, Bid shall apply. 
"Reference Entity" means: 
(a) 
the entity specified as such in the Final Terms and any Successor to the Reference Entity 
either (i) identified pursuant to the definition of "Successor" on or following the Trade Date or 
(ii) identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date 
and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date shall, in each 
case, with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity for the purposes of the 
relevant Series; or  
(b) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes, each relevant Reference Entity specified as 
such in the Credit Index and listed in the Index Annex, and any Successor to a Reference 
Entity either (i) in respect of which ISDA publicly announces on or following the earlier of the 
Index Roll Effective Date and the Trade Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved, in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date, 
a Successor in accordance with the DC Rules or (ii) in the event that ISDA does not make 
such an announcement, identified by the Index Sponsor on or following the earlier of the 
Index Roll Effective Date and the Trade Date; or  
(c) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Notes, subject as provided in paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Index Annex", each relevant Reference Entity specified as such in the Credit 
Index and listed in the Index Annex, and any Successor to a Reference Entity either (i) in 
respect of which ISDA publicly announces on or following the earlier of the Index Roll 
Effective Date and the Trade Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved, in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date, a Successor in 
accordance with the DC Rules or (ii) in the event that ISDA does not make such an 
announcement, identified by the Index Sponsor on or following the earlier of the Index Roll 
Effective Date and the Trade Date.

--- Page 261 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
261 
 
 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" in respect of a Reference Entity, means: 
(a) 
save for Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes and Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, the product of (i) the amount specified as the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount in the Final Terms (or, if no such amount is so specified, the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes as of the Issue Date), subject to adjustment as provided in "Successor" 
and these Credit Linked Conditions and (ii) the Credit Multiplier (if any); or  
(b) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the amount specified as the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount in the Final Terms or, if no such amount is so specified, 
the product of (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes as of the Issue Date divided by 
the number of Reference Entities subject to adjustment as provided in "Successor" and these 
Credit Linked Conditions and (ii) the Credit Multiplier (if any); or 
(c) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to the amount 
specified as the Reference Entity Notional Amount in the Final Terms or, if no such amount is 
so specified, the product of (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes as of the Issue 
Date and the Credit Multiplier (if any) multiplied by (ii) the Reference Entity Weighting for 
such Reference Entity multiplied by (iii) one divided by the aggregate of the Reference Entity 
Weightings for all Reference Entities, subject to the provisions of the definition of 
"Successor". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Reference Entity Notional Amount is not relevant for Tranched Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes or Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Basket Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes.  
"Reference Entity Weighting" or "REW" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the 
percentage specified under "Weighting" opposite the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex. 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms, in which 
case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or no 
election is specified in the Final Terms), (ii) there is no Standard Reference Obligation and 
(iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the Final Terms, in which case the 
Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the 
first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference 
Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is 
published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or no election is 
specified in the Final Terms), the Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and the 
Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be the 
Reference Obligation and the Calculation Agent will select as a substitute Reference Obligation any 
Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level, provided that, if 
there is no Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level, the 
Calculation Agent may select any Deliverable Obligation as a substitute Reference Obligation. 
In addition: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may at any time (x) replace the Reference Obligation with any 
Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level from 
time to time, provided that, if there is no Deliverable Obligation with the same level of 
seniority as the relevant Seniority Level, the Calculation Agent may select any Deliverable 
Obligation as a replacement Reference Obligation, or (y) where there is no Reference 
Obligation, select any Deliverable Obligation as the Reference Obligation; and 
(ii) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (or no election 
is specified in the Final Terms) and a new obligation is placed on the SRO List in respect of 
the relevant Reference Entity, then the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, select the 
new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity as the Reference 
Obligation. The provisions of this definition may be applied by the Calculation Agent on more 
than one occasion and are without prejudice to the right of the Calculation Agent to determine 
a Substitute Reference Obligation.

--- Page 262 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
262 
 
 
Without prejudice to the paragraphs above: 
(a) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes, the Reference Obligation will be the 
Reference Obligation (if any) specified as such opposite the relevant Reference Entity in the 
Index Annex, subject to the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" below and the 
following paragraph: 
If there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement 
Reference Obligation for a Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent will select such Reference 
Obligation as the Reference Obligation hereunder for such Reference Entity rather than 
applying the provisions of the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" below; and 
(b) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Notes, the Reference Obligation will be the Reference 
Obligation (if any) specified as such in the Index and specified opposite the Reference Entity 
in the Index Annex, subject as provided in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Index Annex" 
above and to the "Substitute Reference Obligation" provisions herein. 
"Reference Obligation Only Notes" means any Notes in respect of which (a) "Reference Obligation 
Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category in the Final 
Terms and (b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Transaction" means a hypothetical credit derivative transaction: 
(a) 
for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms and the Reference Obligation are (i) the same as 
in respect of the Credit Linked Notes (if such Deliverable Obligation Terms and Reference 
Obligation are specified in the Final Terms) or (ii) if and to the extent the Deliverable 
Obligation Terms and/or the Reference Obligation are not specified, the Deliverable 
Obligation Terms and Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
appropriate in respect of a credit derivative transaction linked to the relevant Reference Entity; 
(b) 
with a scheduled termination date matching the Credit Observation End Date of the Credit 
Linked Notes; and 
(c) 
otherwise having such other characteristics as the Calculation Agent may determine 
appropriate by reference to, without limitation, the Issuer's hedging arrangements and/or any 
credit derivative elections made in relation to the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given in the DC Rules. 
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the latest Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding 
Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession 
Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), 
provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or 
held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required 
to be made under paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor below, make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, 
repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession to 
and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and (i) the 
Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or 
(ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, the Relevant Obligations

--- Page 263 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
263 
 
 
shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and the 
Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated 
Obligation, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" 
shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan". 
"Relevant Time" means Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference 
Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign Tokyo time). 
"Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given to that term in 
Credit Linked Condition 4. 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
4. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market and at the relevant time, which amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto 
or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; and 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs 
on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is sixty 
(60) days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date under 
any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date 
of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which 
such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is sixty (60) days 
after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium provided that, in either case, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Credit Observation End Date 
unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" will be satisfied: 
(a) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and 
effectively received on or prior to the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days after the Credit 
Observation End Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with 
respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to (i) 
the Credit Observation End Date or relevant Interest Payment Date (determined by reference 
to the Relevant Time) or, (ii) if Credit Linked Condition 9(y) applies, the Postponed Maturity 
Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time); or 
(b) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not 
applicable in the Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that are each 
effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days after the Credit Observation 
End Date.

--- Page 264 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
264 
 
 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (A) an event 
does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the Reference 
Entity, or (B) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to 
an Obligation of the Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Credit Observation End 
Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time). 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date. A 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the 
date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension 
Notice 
need 
not 
be 
continuing 
on 
the 
date 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
"Resolve" has the meaning set out in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which 
the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a 
form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all the holders 
of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of 
Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of 
such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of 
such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency 
other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which 
succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euro of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or 
has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of 
the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion 
between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination 
and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of 
conversion;

--- Page 265 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
265 
 
 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
13(a) to 13(e) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or 
tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of 
business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
13(a) to 13(e) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or 
indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of 
the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of paragraph (e) above only, no such 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity is 
required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as 
a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
For purposes of this definition of Restructuring and Credit Linked Condition 15, the term Obligation 
shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider 
of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity in the definition of Restructuring and the definition of Subordination shall be deemed to refer to 
the Underlying Obligor and the references to the Reference Entity in paragraphs (i) to (iv) of this 
definition of Restructuring shall continue to be deemed to refer to the Reference Entity. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraphs (a) to (e) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond 
immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following 
such exchange. 
"Restructuring Date" means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or as 
applicable, Valuation Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit 
Observation End Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured 
Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 
2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or 
Loan") and the Credit Observation End Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest 
Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final 
maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. For these purposes, the final maturity 
date shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation, or as applicable, 
Valuation Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a 
Deliverable Obligation, or as applicable, Valuation Obligation that is due and payable, the final 
maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination is made. 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the 
Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is determined 
either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (b) if such 
rate is not available at such time, by the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the Final Terms, or 
(b) 
if no such seniority level is specified in the Final Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which, 
(c) 
"Senior Level". 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity.

--- Page 266 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
266 
 
 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms, or if no currency is 
specified in the Final Terms, the Specified Notes Currency of the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Set/Zero Recovery Price" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Settlement Method" means, if (a) Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement 
Method in the Final Terms, Auction Settlement or (b) Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the Final Terms, Cash Settlement, or (c) Physical Delivery is specified as the 
applicable Settlement Method in the Final Terms, Physical Delivery. 
"Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes indicated as such in the 
Final Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Noteholders in respect of only one 
Reference Entity. 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise 
varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular 
tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a 
Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and (b) which fell within paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above 
immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the 
terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or, other similar 
event. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Source(s) specified in the Final Terms, or if no such 
number is specified in the Final Terms, two. 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by 
ISDA on its website from time to time. 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean 
the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series 
of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more 
entities. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of that Reference Entity existed. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to 
which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided 
that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference 
Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the 
Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
and such obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution.

--- Page 267 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
267 
 
 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of Substitution 
Event have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for 
purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii)). If the event set forth in paragraph 
b(i) of the definition of Substitution Event below has occurred with respect to the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the 
Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth 
under paragraphs (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of Substitution Event below occur with respect 
to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation provided that, in the absence of any notification 
to the contrary to the Holders by the Calculation Agent at any time on or prior to the date on 
which the Notes are due to be redeemed, the Substitute Reference Obligation which shall 
replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation shall be deemed to be, on any date, the 
security which is identified by its ISIN under the column entitled "RED Ref. Ob." which 
corresponds to the name of the relevant Reference Entity under the column entitled "RED 
Legal Name" which is found on Bloomberg Page "REDL" (or any successor page or service 
thereto) on such date. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it 
was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after 
such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(2) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which 
constitutes a Deliverable Obligation determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
(other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(3) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no 
such obligation is available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which 
constitutes a Deliverable Obligation determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above; or

--- Page 268 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
268 
 
 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior 
to the Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no 
such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation 
(other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined 
in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above; or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which 
constitutes a Deliverable Obligation determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above. 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential 
Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the 
delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will notify the Holders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 of the Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
has been identified in accordance with paragraph (c) above and the Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then, subject to paragraph (a) above and 
notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be 
the Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
(f) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect 
of any Credit Linked Notes that are Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the 
DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve a 
Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the date, as publicly 
announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has identified in 
accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation above. 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; or 
(b) 
provided that the Credit Linked Notes to which the Non-Standard Reference Obligation relates 
are not Reference Obligation Only Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below US$ 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(ii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference 
Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will

--- Page 269 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
269 
 
 
not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. If an event described in paragraphs (a) or 
(b)(i) above has occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (b)(i) above as the case may be, on the 
Trade Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence 
of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed 
to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is 
a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of 
such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Successor below would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of 
such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference 
Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
"Successor" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (vii), if one entity succeeds, either directly or indirectly, as a 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds directly as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more 
than twenty-five per cent. (but less than seventy-five per cent.) of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the 
Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the 
entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
will be the sole Successor; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds directly as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more 
than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor and 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms will be adjusted as provided 
below; 
(iv) 
if one or more entity each succeed directly as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
and more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity 
will each be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms will 
be adjusted as provided below; 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeed directly as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a 
portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the 
Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as a result of such succession; 
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or indirectly, as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which 
succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor 
(provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant 
Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions 
and/or the Final Terms will be adjusted as provided below); and 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of 
the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, 
and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to 
exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever

--- Page 270 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
270 
 
 
described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money 
obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity 
(the Universal Successor) will be the sole Successor; and 
(b) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop 
Date, or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession 
Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately 
prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one 
Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after 
delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor or Successors 
under paragraph (a) above, Provided That the Calculation Agent will not make any such determination 
if, at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this 
definition of Successor on the basis of Eligible Information and will, as soon as practicable after such 
calculation or determination, make such calculation or determination available for inspection by 
Noteholders at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. In calculating the percentages used to 
determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under paragraph (a) above, if there is a Steps Plan, 
the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate 
as if forming part of a single succession. 
Where pursuant to paragraphs a(iii), a(iv) or a(vi) or (b) above, more than one Successor has been 
identified, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the Final 
Terms as it shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that the Reference Entity has been succeeded by 
more than one Successor (which amendments may, for the avoidance of doubt, include in the case of 
Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, such adjustments as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to the numbers of Reference Entities specified as "H" and "L", having regard to any 
adjustments made to the notional portfolio to which the Notes relate) and shall determine the effective 
date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner if it adjusts such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms in such a 
manner as to reflect the adjustment to and/or division of any credit derivative transaction(s) related to 
or underlying the Credit Linked Notes under the provisions of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to Holders in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the adjustment to these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the Final Terms and giving brief details of the relevant Successor event. 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes which are Index Credit Linked Notes, if at any time there is a 
discrepancy between the Successor determined pursuant to the above and a Successor announced 
by the Index Sponsor, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the Credit Linked 
Notes as it determines in a commercially reasonable manner is necessary or desirable to remedy 
or account for such discrepancy.  Any amendment made pursuant to this paragraph shall be 
notified to Holders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a Relevant Obligation 
(the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if 
the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference Entity, it shall be treated as 
having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) 
which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint 
Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the 
Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint 
Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor 
in equal parts.

--- Page 271 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
271 
 
 
For the purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeed" means, with respect to the Reference 
Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or 
becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any 
agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, 
convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans 
(the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the 
Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect to 
such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For purposes of this 
definition of "Successor", "succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. In the case of 
an exchange offer, the determinations required pursuant to paragraph (a) of this definition of 
"Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations 
exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
Notwithstanding the provisions above and sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Reference Entity, 
where one or more Reference Entities (each an "Affected Reference Entity") and/or the Issuer would, 
but for this provision, be identified as a Successor to another Reference Entity pursuant to the above 
provisions and at least one other entity which is not a Reference Entity or the Issuer is also identified as 
a Successor for the purposes of any succession, each Affected Reference Entity and/or the Issuer, as 
applicable, shall not be regarded as a "Successor" for the purposes of the Notes. Where pursuant to the 
provisions above or sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of Reference Entity one or more Reference 
Entities (each an "Affected Reference Entity") and/or the Issuer would, but for this provision, be 
identified as a Successor to another Reference Entity pursuant to the above provisions but no other 
entities (that are not Reference Entities or the Issuer) are identified as a Successor in respect of the 
relevant succession, each Affected Reference Entity and/or the Issuer, as applicable, shall not be 
regarded as a "Successor" for the purposes of the Notes and, in respect of each Affected Reference 
Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, the Calculation Agent shall use reasonable endeavours to (a) select 
an Alternative Reference Entity to be the Successor in respect of the relevant succession and (b) select 
an Alternative Reference Obligation to be the Reference Obligation in respect of such Alternative 
Reference Entity after the relevant succession and the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments 
to the Conditions and/or the Final Terms as it determines to be necessary or desirable to reflect such 
Alternative Reference Entity and Alternative Reference Obligation. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
to select an Alternative Reference Entity or an Alternative Reference Obligation, then: (i) no Successor 
shall be appointed; (ii) the Affected Reference Entity to which the relevant succession relates shall be 
deemed to have ceased to be a Reference Entity; (iii) that portion of any interest payable which is 
referable to the purchase of credit protection purchased by the Issuer under the Notes in respect of the 
Affected Reference Entity shall be reduced accordingly as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion; and (iv) the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to the 
Conditions and/or the Final Terms to account for the Successor Associated Costs, which may include, 
without limitation, reducing the Final Redemption Amount, Credit Event Redemption Amount or the 
Entitlement (as the case may be) by an amount equal to the Successor Associated Costs, in each case 
with effect from the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the relevant Succession Date. 
Where: 
"Alternative Reference Entity" means an entity which satisfies both the Industry Requirement (other 
than in the case of a Sovereign) and the Spread Requirement as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion; 
"Alternative Reference Obligation" means any obligation of the Alternative Reference Entity 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion which, as far as practicable, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent is substantially similar in economic terms to the relevant 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity for which a Successor falls to be determined pursuant to 
this definition of "Successor". An Alternative Reference Obligation may or may not be the applicable 
Standard Reference Obligation for the Alternative Reference Entity; 
"Industry Requirement" means an entity that is in the same industry group as the Reference Entity for 
which a Successor falls to be determined pursuant to this definition of "Successor", as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion by reference to such source(s) as it determines 
appropriate, including any international market data sources such as, but not limited to, credit rating 
agencies; 
"Spread" means the bid-side quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent from such leading dealer in 
the credit default swap market selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion for a

--- Page 272 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
272 
 
 
credit default swap in respect of the relevant entity with a credit protection period commencing on the 
date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the date of the relevant Succession Date and ending on 
the Maturity Date and with the Reference Obligation(s) specified in the Final Terms or Alternative 
Reference Obligation(s), as applicable; 
"Spread Requirement" means an entity that, as at the date of selection, has a Spread not greater than 
the Spread of the Reference Entity for which a Successor falls to be determined pursuant to this 
definition of "Successor", immediately prior to the relevant Succession Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
"Successor Associated Costs" means an amount per nominal amount of the Notes (which may not be 
less than zero) equal to such Notes' pro rata share multiplied by the Credit Multiplier (if any), of the 
total amount of any and all costs and losses associated with or incurred by the Issuer and/or any 
Affiliate in connection with the Affected Reference Entity ceasing to be a Reference Entity, including, 
without limitation, any costs and losses associated with or incurred by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in 
connection with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any funding relating to the 
Notes and/or any hedge positions (including without limitation, any derivative transaction) relating to 
the Notes, and any related costs due to costs or losses being incurred prior to the maturity or settlement 
of the Notes, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date 
otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Successor 
Notice is effective and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has 
occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination and (C) the Successor Notice is delivered not more than fourteen calendar 
days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor 
Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Successor Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that describes 
a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in 
respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors to the 
Reference Entity can be determined. 
A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination to be made pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor above. 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to 
the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes" means either iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or 
CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision. In relation to a Credit Event (and 
as set out in the definition of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms), ISDA may publish one or 
more form(s) of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms on its website at www.isda.org (or any 
successor website thereto) and may amend such forms from time to time. Each such form of Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms shall set out, inter alia, definitions of "Auction", "Auction 
Cancellation Date", "Auction Covered Transaction" and "Auction Final Price Determination 
Date" in relation to the relevant Credit Event. The Transaction Auction Settlement Terms for purposes 
of the Credit Linked Notes shall be the relevant form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
for which the Reference Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction (as such term will be 
set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms). The Reference Transaction (as set 
out in the definition thereof) is a hypothetical credit derivative transaction included in these Credit 
Linked Conditions principally for the purpose of selecting the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms appropriate to the Credit Linked Notes. 
"Trigger" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 1(d).

--- Page 273 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
273 
 
 
"Triggering Reference Entity" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 1(d). 
"Undeliverable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Entitlement which, on the 
Credit Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines for any 
reason (including without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, 
regulation, court order, contractual restrictions, statutory restrictions or market conditions but 
excluding the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the Delivery of Loans or non-
delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice or any relevant information by a holder) it is impossible or illegal 
to Deliver on the Credit Settlement Date. 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee. 
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a 
Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying 
Obligation. 
"Unwind Costs" means the amount specified in the Final Terms or if "Standard Unwind Costs" are 
specified in the Final Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the aggregate 
sum of (without duplication) all costs (including loss of funding), fees, charges, expenses, tax and 
duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with the redemption or credit 
settlement of the Credit Linked Notes and the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any 
Hedging Arrangements. 
"Valuation Date" means if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the Final Terms and subject to 
Credit Linked Condition 10, the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the Final Terms 
(or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following the Credit Event 
Determination Date (or if the Credit Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) of 
the definition of Credit Event Determination Date above or paragraph (i) of the definition of Non-
Standard Credit Event Determination Date, the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement 
occurs) (or, if Cash Settlement is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method in accordance 
with paragraphs (b)(i) or (b)(ii) of Credit Linked Condition 2 (Auction Settlement) above, the date that 
is the number of Business Days specified in the Final Terms or, if the number of Business Days is not 
so specified, five Business Days) following the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, or the relevant No 
Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable), and if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in 
the Final Terms, each of the following dates: 
(a) 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, the date that is the number of Business Days specified 
in the Final Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not specified, five Business Days) 
following the Credit Event Determination Date (or if the Credit Event Determination Date 
occurs pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date above or 
paragraph (i) of the definition of Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date, the day on 
which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs) (or if Cash Settlement is the applicable 
Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with paragraphs (b)(i) or (b)(ii) of Credit Linked 
Condition 2 (Auction Settlement) above, the date that is the number of Business Days 
specified in the Final Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not specified, five Business 
Days) following the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date, if any, as applicable); and 
(b) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the Final Terms or, if 
the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days after the date on which 
the Calculation Agent obtains a Market Value with respect to the immediately preceding 
Valuation Date. 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the Final Terms, the total number of Valuation Dates 
shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the Final Terms (or, if the number of 
Valuation Dates is not so specified, five Valuation Dates). 
If neither Single Valuation Date nor Multiple Valuation Dates is specified in the Final Terms, Single 
Valuation Date shall apply. 
"Valuation Method": 
(a) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the Final Terms with only one 
Valuation Date:

--- Page 274 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
274 
 
 
(i) 
"Market" means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with 
respect to the Valuation Date. 
(b) 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the Final Terms, the Valuation Method shall be 
Highest. 
(c) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the Final Terms with more than one 
Valuation Date: 
(i) 
"Average Market" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with 
respect to any Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
"Average Highest" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date. 
(d) 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the Final Terms, the Valuation Method shall be 
Average Highest. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) to (d) above, if Quotations include Weighted Average Quotations or 
fewer than two Full Quotations, the Calculation Agent may at its option determine that the Valuation 
Method shall be Market or Average Market, as the case may be. 
Where applicable, the Final Terms may specify an alternative Valuation Method which shall be 
applicable in respect of the relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
"Valuation Obligation" means in respect of a Reference Entity, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, one or more obligations of such Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) which is capable of being specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement (or in any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable) if Physical 
Settlement were the applicable Settlement Method and/or any Asset in the related Asset Package in 
respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, in each case, as selected by the 
Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on or prior to the applicable 
Valuation Date, provided that, for such purpose, in respect of any Asset in the related Asset Package in 
respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, any reference to "Outstanding 
Principal Balance", "Due and Payable Amount" or "Outstanding Amount" in the definitions of "Final 
Price", "Full Quotation", "Quotation", "Quotation Amount" and "Weighted Average Quotation" shall 
be deemed to be a reference to the words "Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event". For the 
avoidance of doubt, the use of Deliverable Obligation terms in this definition of "Valuation Obligation" 
is for convenience only and is not intended to amend the selected settlement method.  
"Valuation Obligations Portfolio" means one or more Valuation Obligations of a Reference Entity 
selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, each in an Outstanding Amount (or, as the case may 
be, an Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event) selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (and references to "Quotation Amount" shall be 
construed accordingly), provided that the aggregate of such Outstanding Amounts (or in each case the 
equivalent in the Specified Currency thereof (converted at the foreign exchange rate prevailing on any 
date from (and including) the Event Determination Date to (and including) the Valuation Date, as 
selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner)), 
shall not exceed the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Final Terms or, if no time is so specified, 
11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Valuation Obligation. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors 
or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted 
average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding Principal

--- Page 275 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
275 
 
 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the 
Quotation Amount (but, of a size at least equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in aggregate 
are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
"Zero/Set Recovery Notes" means Notes in respect of which the applicable Settlement Method in the 
Final Terms is specified as "Not applicable: Zero/Set Recovery Notes". 
14. 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, this Credit Linked Condition 14 will apply where "Mod 
R" or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms (whether by application of the 
Physical Settlement Matrix or otherwise), and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms 
and Conditions: 
The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices in respect of such M(M)R 
Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount of the relevant Reference Entity 
Notional Amount to which such Restructuring Credit Event applies (the "Partial Redemption 
Amount") that may be less than the Aggregate Nominal Amount of those Credit Linked Notes 
outstanding immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the 
Credit Linked Conditions and related provisions shall be deemed to apply to the Partial Redemption 
Amount only and in respect of Credit Linked Notes respect of which Credit Linked Redemption is 
applicable and which may be redeemed prior to their scheduled maturity, save where: (i) Maturity 
Credit Redemption applies; or (ii) the Notes are Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or 
Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or Basket Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit 
Linked Notes; or (iii) the Notes are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Non-
Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes where Credit Payment on Maturity applies, each such Credit 
Linked Note shall be redeemed in part (such redeemed part being equal to the Partial Redemption 
Amount). 
(a) 
For the avoidance of doubt (A) the nominal amount of each Credit Linked Note not so redeemed in part 
shall remain outstanding and interest shall accrue on the nominal amount outstanding of such Credit 
Linked Note as provided in Credit Linked Condition 5 (adjusted in such manner as the Calculation 
Agent determines to be appropriate), (B) the Credit Linked Conditions and related provisions shall 
apply to such nominal amount outstanding of such Credit Linked Note in the event that subsequent 
Credit Event Notices are delivered in respect of the Reference Entity that was the subject of the 
Restructuring Credit Event and (C) if, following a Restructuring Credit Event, different Credit Event 
Determination Dates have been determined with respect to different portions of amounts payable or 
deliverable to Noteholders under the relevant Series, the Calculation Agent will (x) determine such 
adjustment(s) to these Terms and Conditions as may be required to achieve as far as practicable the 
same economic effect as if each such portion was a separate series or otherwise reflect or account for 
the effect of the above provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14 and (y) the effective date of such 
adjustment(s). 
(b) 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14(c) apply in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, on 
redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note the relevant Credit Linked Note or, if the Credit 
Linked Notes are represented by a Global Note, such Global Note, shall be endorsed to reflect such part 
redemption. 
(c) 
In addition, in the case of First-to-Default Credit Linked Notes: 
Once a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the First Reference Entity, where 
the Credit Event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event Notices may be delivered in 
respect of any other Reference Entity. 
(d) 
In addition, in the case of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Notes: 
Once a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the Triggering Reference Entity, 
where the Credit event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event Notices may be 
delivered in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
(e) 
In addition, in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short 
Credit Linked Notes that reference any of a Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, Tranched Linear 
Basket Exposure, Non-Tranched Index Exposure, Tranched Index Exposure or Basket Tranched Index 
Exposure:

--- Page 276 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
276 
 
 
Once a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity in the Basket, 
where the Credit Event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event Notices may be 
delivered in respect of such Reference Entity. 
15. 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation 
If this Credit Linked Condition 15 is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the definition of Restructuring and related provisions, the occurrence of, 
agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described in sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of the 
definition of "Restructuring" shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such 
events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and 
(ii) is (A) a Bond and/or (B) an Obligation with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six 
and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event. 
16. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entities (September 2014)" 
If this Credit Linked Condition 16 is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the following 
provisions will apply: 
(a) 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation. Paragraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" in Credit Linked 
Condition 13 and paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" in Credit Linked 
Condition 13 are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "as provider of a Qualifying 
Affiliate Guarantee". 
(b) 
Interpretation of Provisions. In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying 
Policy, paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" in Credit Linked Condition 13 will 
apply, with references to the Qualifying Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying 
Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, 
respectively, except that: 
(i) 
the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category and Deliverable 
Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include distributions payable under an Insured 
Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the 
Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, 
and the terms "obligation" and "obligor" as used in these Credit Linked Conditions in respect 
of such an Insured Instrument shall be construed accordingly; 
(ii) 
references in the definitions of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan to the 
"guarantor" and "guaranteeing" shall be deemed to include the "insurer" and "insuring", 
respectively; 
(iii) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant date the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of Accelerated or Matured, whether or not that 
characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the Final Terms; 
(iv) 
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation or Transferable 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are specified in the Final Terms and if the benefit of the 
"Qualifying Policy" is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the 
"Qualifying Policy" must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument; 
and 
(v) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the term "Outstanding Principal Balance" shall mean the 
outstanding Certificate Balance and "maturity", as such term is used in the Maximum Maturity 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by which the "Qualifying 
Policy" guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate 
Balance will occur. 
(c) 
Deliver. For the purposes of the definition of "Deliver" in Credit Linked Condition 13, "Deliver" with 
respect to an obligation that is a "Qualifying Policy" means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and 
the benefit of the "Qualifying Policy" (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised

--- Page 277 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
277 
 
 
custodian representing an interest in such an Insured Instrument and the related "Qualifying Policy"), 
and "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
Provisions for Determining a Successor. The paragraph commencing "For the purposes of this 
definition of "Successor"..." in the definition of "Successor" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby 
amended by adding "or insurer" after "or guarantor". 
(e) 
Restructuring 
(i) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto, paragraphs (a) to (e) 
inclusive of the definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 are hereby amended 
to read as follows: 
"(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments in paragraph 
(A)(x) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying 
Policy"; 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in 
paragraph (A)(y) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
"Qualifying Policy"; 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment 
or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph (A)(x) of the definition 
thereof or (y) the payment of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph (A)(y) 
of the definition thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or insured by the 
"Qualifying Policy"; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (x) any Obligation under a 
Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of 
such Obligation to any other Obligation or (y) any Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination of such Insured Instrument to any other instrument in the form of a 
pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured 
Obligor, it being understood that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to 
include any such change that results in a lower ranking under a priority of payments 
provision applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of Instrument 
Payments that are guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying Policy" to any currency 
(other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom 
and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of 
the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency 
which succeeds to and replaces the euro as a whole)." 
(ii) 
Paragraph (c) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby 
amended by adding "or, in the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where 
(A) the "Qualifying Policy" continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same 
Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on which the "Qualifying Policy" 
guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event and 
(B) such event is not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the "Qualifying 
Policy" after "Reference Entity". 
(iii) 
The definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby amended by the 
insertion of the following paragraph after the final paragraph thereof: 
"For purposes of this definition of "Restructuring" in and if Credit Linked Condition 15 is 
specified as applying in the Final Terms, for the purposes of the Credit Linked Conditions the 
term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for which the Reference 
Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an 
Insured Instrument, references to the Reference Entity in this definition of "Restructuring" 
shall be deemed to refer to the Insured Obligor and the references to the Reference Entity in 
paragraphs (a) to (c) inclusive in this definition of "Restructuring" shall continue to refer to 
the Reference Entity." 
(f) 
Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation. In the event that M(M)R 
Restructuring is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and a Fully Transferable Obligation or

--- Page 278 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
278 
 
 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the 
requirements of the relevant definition. References in the definition of "Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation" to the "guarantor" and "guaranteeing" shall be deemed to include "the "insurer" and 
"insuring" respectively. With respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is used in Credit 
Linked Condition 4 and the definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date", shall mean the 
specified date by which the "Qualifying Policy" guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(g) 
Other Provisions. For purposes of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" and the 
definitions of "Credit Event" and "Deliver" in Credit Linked Condition 13 references to the 
"Underlying Obligation" and the "Underlying Obligor" shall be deemed to include "Insured 
Instruments" and the "Insured Obligor", respectively. 
(h) 
Additional Definitions. 
(i) 
"Qualifying Policy" means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial 
guarantee pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all 
Instrument Payments of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth 
in this Credit Linked Condition 16) (the "Insured Instrument") for which another party 
(including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor (the "Insured Obligor"). Qualifying 
Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or 
equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express contractual terms of which the 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged or reduced as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than the payment of 
Instrument Payments). 
(ii) 
"Instrument Payments" means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form 
of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic 
distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the 
ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the ultimate distribution of the 
Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) in the case of any other Insured 
Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the case of both (A) and (B) 
excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole 
amounts, early redemption premiums and other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or 
insured by the "Qualifying Policy"). 
(iii) 
"Certificate Balance" means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass 
through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate 
balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
17. 
Calculation Agent Notices 
Any notice to be delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, 
pursuant to these Credit Linked Conditions may be given in writing (including by facsimile and/or 
email) and/or by telephone. Any such notice will be effective when given, regardless of the form in 
which it is delivered. A notice given by telephone will be deemed to have been delivered at the time the 
telephone conversation takes place. If the notice is delivered by telephone, a written confirmation will 
be executed and delivered confirming the substance of that notice within one Calculation Agent City 
Business Day of that notice. Failure to provide that written confirmation will not affect the 
effectiveness of that telephonic notice. 
For the purposes of determining the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Credit Linked 
Conditions, the Calculation Agent will determine the demarcation of days by reference to Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Reference Entity has a material connection to Japan for these purposes, Tokyo 
time) irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall 
be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
In addition, if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on 
the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have 
occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Reference Entity has a 
material connection to Japan for these purposes, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place 
of payment.

--- Page 279 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
279 
 
 
18. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for LPN Reference 
Entities" (published on 15 September 2014) 
(a) 
If this Credit Linked Condition 18 is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, the following provisions will apply: 
provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation will be deemed to be Not Applicable with respect to 
any Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan); 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit 
Linked Conditions including, but not limited to the definition of "Obligation" in Credit Linked 
Condition 13, and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the 
Reference Entity; 
(c) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Credit Linked Conditions including, but not limited to the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" in 
Credit Linked Condition 13 and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of 
the Reference Entity. 
For the avoidance of doubt with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an 
Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the outstanding principal balance shall 
be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as 
applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation. 
The Not Subordinated Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
shall be construed by reference to the Prior Reference Obligation; 
(d) 
the definition of Reference Obligation shall be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
(i) 
"Reference Obligation" means, as of the Trade Date, each of the obligations listed as a 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity in the Final Terms or set forth on the relevant 
LPN Reference Obligations List (each a "Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation"), as 
published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date, any 
Additional LPN and each Additional Obligation; and 
(ii) 
the following additional definitions shall apply: 
"Additional LPN" means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (a "LPN") 
by an entity (the "LPN Issuer") for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to 
(a) finance a loan to the Reference Entity (the "Underlying Loan") or (b) provide finance to 
the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument (the 
"Underlying Finance Instrument"), provided that (i) either (x) in the event that there is an 
Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN the Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation 
Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference Entity or (y) in the event that there is an 
Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument 
satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation 
Characteristics (ii) the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Transferable, Not Bearer, Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic 
Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and (iii) the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such 
obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation 
to the relevant Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the 
benefit of the holders of the LPNs. 
"Additional Obligation" means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of 
the Reference Entity in the Final Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference 
Obligations List (each a "Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation"), as published by 
Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date. 
"First Ranking Interest" means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having 
similar effect) (an "Interest"), which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", 
or similar ("First Ranking") in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such 
Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any related insolvency 
jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
"LPN Reference Obligation" means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional 
Obligation.

--- Page 280 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
280 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in 
accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation constituting a 
Reference Obligation. 
Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the 
Issuer to finance a loan to the Reference Entity. For the purposes of the Credit Linked 
Conditions each such loan shall be an Underlying Loan. 
19. Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions 
(i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time 
published by ISDA with respect to the settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or (b) the 
operation or application of determinations by the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
and/or (ii) in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines in a commercially reasonable 
manner is necessary or desirable to reflect or account for market practice for credit derivative 
transactions and/or reflect or account for a Hedge Disruption Event. Any amendment made in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 19 shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13. 
20. Physical Settlement Matrix 
If Physical Settlement Matrix is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the provisions specified as 
applicable and, if applicable, as amended in each case as set out below, in respect of the applicable 
Transaction Type(s) set out in the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on the Date of the Physical Settlement Matrix 
specified in the Final Terms or, if no such date is specified, on the most recent date on or prior to the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche (the "ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix") shall apply and the relevant 
provisions of the Final Terms shall be deemed to be completed on this basis and the corresponding line 
items in the Final Terms may be deleted or reference to 'As per the Physical Settlement Matrix' may be 
inserted. 
The 
ISDA 
Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix 
will 
be 
available 
at 
http://www.isda.org/c_and_a/Credit-Derivatives-Physical-Settlement-Matrix.html (or any successor 
website thereto) (which website or any such successor website shall not form part of the Final Terms). 
 
Provision 
Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
Amendments to ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix  
All Guarantees 
Applicable 
None 
Credit Events 
Applicable 
References to "Floating Rate Payer Calculation 
Amount" shall be deemed to be references to "the 
relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount". 
Obligation Category 
Applicable 
None 
Obligation Characteristics 
Applicable 
None 
Physical Settlement Period 
Applicable 
References to "Section 8.6 of the Definitions" shall 
be deemed to be references to "the definition of 
Physical Settlement Period in Credit Linked 
Condition 13". 
Deliverable Obligation 
Category 
Applicable 
None 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics 
Applicable 
None 
Additional Provisions for 
Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entities (15 
Applicable 
i. The 
reference 
to 
"Additional Provisions for 
Monoline 
Insurer

--- Page 281 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
 
 
 
 
281 
 
 
September 2014) 
Reference 
Entities 
(15 
September 2014 )" shall 
be 
deemed 
to 
be 
a 
reference 
to 
"Credit 
Linked Condition 16 – 
Provisions taken from the 
ISDA supplement titled 
"Additional Provisions for 
Monoline 
Insurer 
Reference 
Entities 
(September 2014)"; and 
 
 
ii. the 
reference 
to 
"the 
relevant 
Confirmation" 
shall be deemed to be a 
reference 
to 
"the 
applicable Final Terms". 
Additional Provisions for 
LPN Reference Entities 
(15 September 2014) 
Applicable 
References to "Additional Provisions for LPN 
Reference Entities (15 September 2014)" shall be 
deemed to be references to Credit Linked Condition 
18 (Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled 
"Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Entities" 
(published on 15 September 2014)". 
The Transaction Types applicable to Index Credit Linked Notes as specified in the relevant Index Annex 
will also lead to provisions in the relevant Physical Settlement Matrix applying and additional supplements 
and/or additional provisions depending on such Transaction Type (as applicable). The Calculation Agent 
may make such changes as it deems necessary (including but not limited to those set out above) to ensure 
that the terms of the Index Credit Linked Notes match any hedging transactions it has in place for them. If 
any additional provisions relating to the Physical Settlement Matrix are specified in the Final Terms, this 
Credit Linked Condition 20 shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes.  
21. Early redemption of Reference Obligation Only Notes following a Substitution Event 
If the Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes relating to a single Reference Entity and the event set 
out in paragraph (a) of the definition of Substitution Event above occurs with respect to the Reference 
Obligation, then:  
i. interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on the Credit Linked Notes from and including 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the relevant Substitution Event 
Date or, if no Interest Payment Date has occurred, no interest will accrue on the 
Credit Linked Notes; and 
ii. each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its relevant Reference 
Obligation Only Termination Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the Final Terms in the Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, which 
for the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 21 shall be the day falling five 
Business Days following the relevant Substitution Event Date. 
22. DC Resolution Adjustment Events 
If following the publication of a DC Resolution (the "Prior DC Resolution"), a further DC Resolution 
(the relevant "Further DC Resolution") is published the effect of which would be to reverse all or part 
of the Prior DC Resolution or if any DC Resolution would reverse any determination made by the 
Calculation Agent and/or the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, notwithstanding any 
other provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, make any adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent determines is necessary or desirable to 
the General Conditions or these Credit Linked Conditions to reflect the publication of such Further DC 
Resolution or DC Resolution, including, without limitation, as a result of the impact or effect of such 
Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution on the Issuer's Hedging Arrangements.

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
 
CREDIT INDEX DISCLAIMERS  
Index Credit Linked Notes are linked to a Credit Index. 
The indices which are specified in the Final Terms in relation to Index Credit Linked Notes (each, for the 
purposes of this disclaimer only, a "Credit Index"), are the property of Markit Indices Limited (the "Index 
Sponsor") and has been licensed for use in connection with the Credit Linked Notes.  Each of the noteholders 
acknowledges and agrees that the Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, or promoted by the Index Sponsor.  The 
Index Sponsor makes no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, and hereby expressly disclaims 
all warranties (including, without limitation, those of the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or 
use), with respect to the Credit Index or any data included therein or relating thereto, and in particular disclaims 
any warranty either as to the quality, accuracy and/or completeness of the Credit Index or any data included 
therein, the results obtained from the use of the Credit Index and/or the composition of the Credit Index at any 
particular time on any particular date or otherwise and/or the creditworthiness of any entity, or the likelihood of 
the occurrence of a credit event or similar event (however defined) with respect to an obligation, in the Credit 
Index at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. The Index Sponsor shall not be liable (whether 
in negligence or otherwise) to the parties or any other person for any error in the Credit Index, and the Index 
Sponsor is under no obligation to advise the parties or any person of any error therein.  
The Index Sponsor makes no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of 
purchasing or selling the Credit Linked Notes, the ability of the Credit Index to track relevant markets' 
performances, or otherwise relating to the Credit Index or any transaction or product with respect thereto, or of 
assuming any risks in connection therewith. The Index Sponsor has no obligation to take the needs of any party 
into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Credit Index. No party purchasing or selling the 
Credit Linked Notes, nor the Index Sponsor shall have any liability to any party for any act or failure to act by 
the Index Sponsor in connection with the determination, adjustment, calculation or maintenance of the Credit 
Index.  
"iTraxx®", "Markit iTraxx® Europe" and any other Index using the title "Markit iTraxx® Europe" are service 
marks of Markit Indices Limited and have been licensed for use by the Issuer. 
"CDX™", "Markit CDX™ North American IG/HY/XO" and the title "Markit CDX.NA.IG/HY." Followed by a 
specified sector, series or version are service marks of Markit North America, Inc. and have been licensed for 
use by the Issuer.

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
 
ANNEX 9 
USD LIBOR BENCHMARK TRANSITION EVENT ANNEX 
 
The provisions of this USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Annex apply in the circumstances set out in 
General Condition 6(l)(iii).  
1. 
Benchmark Replacement 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time (such determination, a "Benchmark 
Transition Event Determination") in respect of any determination of the relevant USD Benchmark 
Rate on any date for the purposes of the determination of the Rate of Interest or other variable or 
amount under the General Conditions that depends on the determination of USD Benchmark Rate and 
the Calculation Agent determines, by the earlier to occur of (a) 20 calendar days from the date of the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Transition Event Determination and (b) the Reference Time: 
(i) 
there is a Benchmark Replacement that will account for the effect of the Benchmark Transition 
Event, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current USD Benchmark Rate for all 
purposes relating to the Notes during the applicable Interest Period or other applicable period 
or date(s), as the case may be, in respect of such determination on such date and all 
determinations on all subsequent dates under the Notes, or  
(ii) 
there is not a Benchmark Replacement that will account for the effect of the Benchmark 
Transition Event, (A) the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of the same and (B) upon, 
the Issuer having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable), the Notes shall be 
redeemed in accordance with General Condition 6(l)(iv). 
2. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent may make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.  
3. 
Decisions and Determinations 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the provisions of this USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Annex, including without 
limitation any determination with respect to tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date, any determination that there is not a Benchmark 
Replacement that will account for the effect of the Benchmark Transition Event and any decision to 
take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error, will be made in the Issuer's or Calculation Agent's sole discretion, and, notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in the General Conditions, shall become effective without consent from the Noteholders 
or any other party. 
4. 
For the purposes of this USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event Annex only, unless the context 
otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below:  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the then-current USD 
Benchmark Rate, plus the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment for such USD Benchmark Rate; 
provided that if the Calculation Agent cannot determine the Interpolated Benchmark as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date, then "Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) Term SOFR; and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) Compounded SOFR; and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current USD Benchmark Rate 
for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(d) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate; and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(e) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or the

--- Page 284 ---
USD LIBOR BENCHMARK TRANSITION EVENT ANNEX 
 
 
 
 
284 
 
 
Calculation Agent as the replacement for the then-current USD Benchmark Rate for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current USD Benchmark Rate for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time; and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment.  
 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:  
 
(a) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current USD Benchmark Rate with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time.  
 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including without limitation 
changes to the definition of "Interest Period", "Floating Rate Coupon Period" or "Interest 
Determination Date" or other applicable periods and dates, as the case may be, timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments of interest or coupon, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent determines is appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent determines is 
reasonably necessary).  
 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the then-current USD Benchmark Rate:  
 
(a) 
in the case of paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the later 
of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) 
the date on which the administrator of the USD Benchmark Rate permanently or indefinitely 
ceases to provide the USD Benchmark Rate; or  
(b) 
in the case of paragraph (c) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination.  
 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with 
respect to the then-current USD Benchmark Rate:  
 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
USD Benchmark Rate announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
the USD Benchmark Rate, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
USD Benchmark Rate;  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the USD Benchmark Rate, the central bank for the currency of the USD 
Benchmark Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the USD 
Benchmark Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the USD 
Benchmark Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the USD Benchmark Rate, which states that the administrator of the USD

--- Page 285 ---
USD LIBOR BENCHMARK TRANSITION EVENT ANNEX 
 
 
 
 
285 
 
 
Benchmark Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the USD Benchmark Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the USD Benchmark Rate; or  
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the USD Benchmark Rate announcing that the USD Benchmark Rate is no 
longer representative.  
 
"Compounded SOFR" means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate being established by the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent in accordance with:  
 
(a) 
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded SOFR; provided that:  
(b) 
if, and to the extent that, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines that Compounded 
SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with clause (a) above, then the rate, or 
methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that have been selected by it giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted market practice for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of Compounded SOFR will exclude the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and the applicable margin of basis points.  
 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current USD Benchmark Rate.  
 
"Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. Information contained in the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website is not incorporated by reference in, and should not be 
considered part of, this Base Prospectus.  
 
"Interpolated Benchmark" with respect to the USD Benchmark Rate means the rate determined for 
the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the USD Benchmark Rate for 
the longest period (for which the USD Benchmark Rate is available) that is shorter than the 
Corresponding Tenor and (2) the USD Benchmark Rate for the shortest period (for which the USD 
Benchmark Rate is available) that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor.  
 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, 
or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time. 
 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to USD LIBOR for the 
applicable tenor.  
 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to USD 
LIBOR for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment.  
 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the USD Benchmark Rate means (1) if the 
USD Benchmark Rate is USD LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or Floating Rate Coupon Determination Date, as the case may be, and (2) if the 
USD Benchmark Rate is not USD LIBOR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes.  
 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto.

--- Page 286 ---
USD LIBOR BENCHMARK TRANSITION EVENT ANNEX 
 
 
 
 
286 
 
 
 
 
"SOFR" with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark, (or a successor 
administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York's Website.  
 
"Term SOFR" means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor based on 
SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body.  
 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.  
 
"USD Benchmark Rate" means, initially, USD LIBOR of the appropriate tenor; provided that if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect 
to USD LIBOR or the then-current USD Benchmark Rate, then "USD Benchmark Rate" means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
"USD LIBOR" means the London inter-bank offered rate for deposits in USD.

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
 
FORM OF NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached, or in book-entry form. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United 
States in reliance on Regulation S.  Registered Notes will be issued both outside the United States in reliance on 
the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S and within the United States in reliance on Rule 
144A, and Registered Notes in definitive form may be sold to Institutional Accredited Investors who are also 
QPs and to non-US persons. In this Base Prospectus, Bearer Notes and Registered Notes are collectively 
referred to as "Certificated Notes". 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary bearer global note (a 
"Temporary Bearer Global Note") or a permanent global note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note") as 
indicated in the Final Terms, which, in either case, will (i) if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new 
global note ("NGN") form, as stated in the Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (ii) if the Global Notes are not 
intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue 
date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will also 
indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held means that the Notes of a particular Tranche 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as 
such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying 
Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, coupons and talons attached (as indicated in 
the Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the 
Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will 
not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be 
entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, 
upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification. 
The Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, coupons and talons attached upon 
either (i) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) to the Principal Paying Agent as 
described therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" 
means that (1) an Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (2) the 
Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or

--- Page 288 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
 
 
 
 
288 
 
 
 (3) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) or the Issuer, as the case may be, may give notice to 
the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (ii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Principal Paying Agent. If the Global Note is a NGN, the relevant Issuer shall procure that details 
of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. 
In the event that the Permanent Bearer Global Note is exchanged for definitive Bearer Notes, such definitive 
Bearer Notes shall be issued in the minimum Specified Denomination only. Noteholders who hold Notes in the 
relevant clearing system in amounts that are not integral multiples of the Specified Denomination may need to 
purchase or sell, on or before the Exchange Date, a nominal amount of Notes such that their holding is an 
integral multiple of the Specified Denomination. 
The following legend will appear on Bearer Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Bearer Notes or Coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on 
any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Bearer Notes will be issued either in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulations 
1.163-5(c)(1)(ii) and 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) ("TEFRA D"), which definition shall include any successor rules for 
the purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986) or in accordance with the provisions 
of United States Treasury Regulations 1.163-5(c)(1)(ii) and 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) ("TEFRA C"), which definition 
shall include any successor rules for the purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986). 
Bearer Notes issued in accordance with TEFRA D will be represented upon issue by a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note. Bearer Notes issued in accordance with TEFRA C will be represented upon issue by a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note. Each Temporary Global Note and Permanent Global Note will be delivered on or prior to the issue 
date for the relevant tranche to a common depositary (in the case of Notes not in NGN form) or common 
safekeeper (in the case of Notes in NGN form) acting as agent for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Beneficial interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note issued in accordance with TEFRA C will be 
exchangeable at any time and without any requirement for certification for Definitive Bearer Notes, in 
accordance with the terms of such Permanent Bearer Global Note and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interests in a Temporary Bearer Global Note issued in accordance with TEFRA D will be exchangeable either 
for Definitive Bearer Notes or for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note, on or after the date which is 
forty (40) days after the date on which such Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued and upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership thereof or otherwise as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations, in accordance 
with the terms of such Temporary Bearer Global Note and as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
For the purposes of complying with TEFRA D, Bearer Notes may not be offered or sold to a United States 
person. "United States person" means any person who is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) a citizen or 
resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organised under the laws of 
the United States or any political subdivision thereof or therein, or (iii) an estate or trust the income of which is 
subject to United States taxation regardless of its source. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold in 
offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global note 
in registered form, without Receipts or Coupons, (a "Regulation S Global Note") which will be registered in 
the name of a nominee for a common safekeeper (if the Regulation S Global Note is issued under the new 
safekeeping structure ("NSS")) or a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a common nominee

--- Page 289 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
 
 
 
 
289 
 
 
of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of the Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may 
not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided in General 
Condition 2 and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons in 
private transactions (a) to "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A ("QIBs") who are 
also "qualified purchasers" within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment Company 
Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act") and the rules and regulations thereunder ("QPs"), or (b) to 
"accredited investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the Securities Act that are institutions 
("Institutional Accredited Investors") who are also "qualified purchasers" within the meaning of Section 
2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act") and the rules 
and regulations thereunder ("QPs"), who agree to purchase the Notes for their own account and not with a view 
to the distribution thereof. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs who are also QPs will be 
represented by a global note in registered form (a "Rule 144A Global Note" and, together with a Regulation S 
Global Note, the "Registered Global Notes"). 
Registered Global Notes will either (a) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) be deposited with a 
common depositary for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as specified in the Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes 
will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical 
delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche and deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper, and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure for registered global securities, are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. This does not necessarily mean that the Notes of such Tranche will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life, as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Registered Notes of each Tranche issued on a partly paid basis (“Partly Paid Notes”) will be in definitive form, 
registered in the name of the holder thereof. The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to Institutional 
Accredited Investors who are also QPs will be in definitive form, registered in the name of the holder thereof 
("Definitive IAI Registered Notes"). Unless otherwise set forth in the Final Terms, Definitive IAI Registered 
Notes will be issued only in minimum denominations of US$250,000 and integral multiples of US$1,000 in 
excess thereof (or the approximate equivalents in the applicable Specified Notes Currency). Definitive IAI 
Registered Notes will be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear the restrictive 
legend described under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Institutional Accredited 
Investors who are also QPs that hold Definitive IAI Registered Notes may elect to hold such Notes through 
DTC, but transferees acquiring the Notes in transactions exempt from Securities Act registration pursuant to 
Regulation S or Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) may do so upon satisfaction of the requirements 
applicable to such transfer as described under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
The Rule 144A Global Note and the Definitive IAI Registered Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on 
transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. Payments of principal, interest and 
any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be 
made to the persons shown on the Register (as defined in General Condition 1) as the registered holder of the 
Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), any Paying Agent or the Registrar 
will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made 
on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, in 
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in General Condition 5) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that General Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (a) an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, (b) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form, (c) in the case of Notes registered

--- Page 290 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
 
 
 
 
290 
 
 
in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has 
been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, no successor clearing system is available, (d) in the 
case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is 
unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and no alternative clearing system is available 
or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act or (e) the Notes are 
required to be removed from (in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (in the case of 
Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC) DTC and, in either case, no alternative clearing system is 
available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 if an 
Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global 
Note) or the Issuer, as the case may be, may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred 
to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note or in the form of a Definitive IAI 
Registered Note and Definitive IAI Registered Notes may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, 
be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in the form of an interest in a Registered Global Note. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable, in each case. Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth therein 
and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such 
further Tranche shall be assigned a common code, and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS number 
which are different from the common code and ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Notes of any other Tranche 
of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be 
prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to the Notes of 
such Tranche. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC or its nominee each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg or of DTC as 
the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to 
the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes 
for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such 
Notes and, in the case of DTC or its nominee, voting, giving consents or making requests, for which purpose the 
bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall 
be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in 
accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and 
"holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Except in relation to Notes issued in NGN form, any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in the Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent. A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances 
described in General Condition 9. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note 
and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the 
provisions of the Global Note within a period of 15 days from the giving of a notice by a holder with Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg of such Notes so represented and credited to its securities account that it wishes to 
accelerate such Notes, then holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear

--- Page 291 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
 
 
 
 
291 
 
 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly 
against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
DTC on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant dated 15 July 2021 and executed by the Issuer, (the 
"Deed of Covenant"). In addition, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with DTC 
may require DTC to deliver Definitive Notes in registered form in exchange for their interest in such Global 
Note in accordance with DTC's standard operating procedures. 
Book-Entry Notes 
Book-Entry Notes admitted to trading on AIAF and other Spanish regulated markets 
Notes may be issued in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form ("Book-Entry Notes"). Book-Entry 
Notes which are admitted to trading on AIAF will be issued as anotaciones en cuenta and registered with 
Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A., Unipersonal 
("Iberclear") as managing entity of the Central Registry. Such Book-Entry Notes will be constituted as such by 
virtue of their entry in the corresponding accounting book of Iberclear.  
The holders of Book-Entry Notes which are admitted to trading on AIAF will be identified as such (on their own 
account or for the account of third parties) as appears from the accounting book maintained by Iberclear or the 
relevant member (entidad participante) of Iberclear ("Iberclear Member") (as the case may be). The clearing 
and settlement of the Book-Entry Notes which are admitted to trading on AIAF will be carried out in accordance 
with the operating rules that are established or in the future may be approved by Iberclear.  
Payments to be made in respect of Book-Entry Notes which are admitted to trading on AIAF will be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) to Iberclear or the relevant Iberclear Member (as the case may be), in whose records 
such Book-Entry Notes are registered, in accordance with Iberclear's current procedures. 
One or more certificates evidencing the relevant Noteholder's holding of Book-Entry Notes in the relevant 
registry will be delivered by Iberclear or the relevant Iberclear Member (as the case may be), in whose records 
the Book-Entry Notes are registered, or, where the Noteholder is itself an institution participating in Iberclear, 
by Iberclear (in each case, in accordance with the requirements of Spanish law and the procedures of the 
relevant Iberclear Member or, as the case may be, Iberclear) to such Noteholder upon such Noteholder's request. 
Book-Entry Notes may also be admitted to trading on Spanish regulated markets other than AIAF, or in a 
Spanish MTF, in which case references above to AIAF will be deemed to be to such other Spanish regulated 
market. 
Other provisions relating to Book-Entry Notes 
Title to the Book-Entry Notes will be evidenced by book entries and each person shown in the registries 
maintained by Iberclear Members (or the members of the relevant Book-Entry Depositary) and having an 
interest in the Book-Entry Notes shall be considered, by the Issuer, the Guarantor and their agents, as the holder 
of the principal amount of Book-Entry Notes recorded therein, and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of 
Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly in respect of Book-Entry Notes. 
The creation of limited in rem rights or any other encumbrance on a Book-Entry Note must be entered in the 
corresponding account and effected in accordance will the then current procedures of Iberclear (or the relevant 
Book-Entry Depositary) and or their respective members.  
Further tranches of Book-Entry Notes (fungible Book-Entry Notes) 
The Issuer shall arrange (without the requirement to obtain the consent of the Noteholders) that, where a further 
Tranche of Book-Entry Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of 
Book-Entry Notes, the Book-Entry Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN.

--- Page 292 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
 
 
 
 
292 
 
 
Final Terms 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms. 
The Final Terms will contain the information required under Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") and under Article 29 of the Commission Delegated Regulation EU 2019/980.

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
The base prospectus has been prepared on a basis that would permit an offer of notes with a denomination of 
less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and at least €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) if there is an exemption from the obligation to under the  Prospectus Regulation to publish a 
prospectus . 1 
 
[DATE] 
BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS, B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law with 
its seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but its tax residency in Spain) 
(as "Issuer") 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 213800L2COK1WB5Q3Z55 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the "Notes") 
under the €1,000,000,000 
Structured Medium Term Note Programme 
guaranteed by 
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain) 
(as "Guarantor") 
[The Notes are not intended to be offered, distributed or sold to any investor in the European Economic Area or 
the United Kingdom, and no person may offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by these Final Terms to any investor in the 
European Economic Area or the United Kingdom.]2 
[These Notes are not intended for, and are not to be offered to, the public in any jurisdiction of the European 
Economic Area or in the United Kingdom. Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may 
only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to [either of] [Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)] [or] [section 85 
of the FSMA] or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to [either of] [Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation] 
[or] [Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)], in each case, in relation to such offer.]3 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(a) in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 9.6 of 0 below, provided such person 
is of a kind specified in that paragraph and that the offer is made during the Offer Period specified in 
that paragraph; or 
(b) otherwise, in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to [either of] [Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation)”] [or] [section 85 of the FSMA] or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to [either of] 
[Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation] [or] [Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
 
1  
Delete when completing the Final Terms. 
2  
Insert where the Notes are going to be sold only outside the EEA and the UK. 
3  
Insert where no public offer (in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation or UK Prospectus Regulation) is intended in EEA or 
in the UK

--- Page 294 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
294 
 
 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”)][, in each case, in relation to such offer.]] 4 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any 
other circumstances. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO [EEA][ AND ][UK] RETAIL INVESTORS – [Consistent with the 
foregoing paragraph,]5 the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to [any investor in [the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”)][ or in ][the United Kingdom (the “UK”)], including for such purposes,]6 any retail investor in [the 
European Economic Area (“the EEA”)][the EEA][ or in ][the United Kingdom (the “UK”)][the UK]. 
Consequently no key information document required by [Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”)][ or ][[Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended]7 [the PRIIPs Regulation] as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”)] for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in [the 
EEA][ or in ][the UK] has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in [the EEA][ or in ][the UK] may be unlawful under the [PRIIPS Regulation][ 
and ][UK PRIIPS Regulation]. For the purposes of this provision, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a “retail client” as defined in [point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”)]8 [ and ][point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of [Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, 
the “Insurance Distribution Directive”)][ and ][the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97][, in each 
case], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in[, respectively,][ point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II][ and ][ point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”)]; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in [Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation")][ and ][Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA].]  
[The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA other than in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") and in each case in accordance with the additional requirements (if any) 
of the national competent authority in the Member State of EEA (the "Relevant State"). Pursuant to the PRIIPs 
Regulation any Relevant State may require the ex-ante notification of the key information document (the 
"KID") to the competent authority for PRIIPs marketed in that Relevant State (a "Notification State"). The 
Notes should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in any such Notification 
State unless all relevant requirements in such Notification State have been first complied with. Where the 
Notification State requires a KID to be provided in a particular language, to the extent that BBVA has not 
already prepared a KID in such language, the Notes should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in any such Notification State unless a KID has been prepared by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A. in the relevant language. Responsibility for compliance with any ex-ante notification and any 
ongoing regulatory obligation in respect of such KID in such Notification State shall lie solely with the person 
offering, selling or otherwise making the Notes available in the Notification State. For these purposes, a "retail 
investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.]99 
 
[[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE] [AND][UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE] TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the][each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
 
4  
Insert where public offer (in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation) is intended in EEA. 
5 
Insert where the Notes are going to be sold only outside the EEA and outside the UK. 
6 
Include wording in brackets if Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to any investors in the EEA and/or in the UK i.e. where the Notes 
are going to be sold only outside the EEA and/or outside the UK . 
7  
To be included if EU restriction not switched on. 
8  
To be included if TM legends switched off, as MiFID not then defined anywhere. 
9  
Insert as necessary, where the product is a PRIIP for sale in the EEA for which a KID will be prepared.

--- Page 295 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
295 
 
 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the [MIFID II and the UK MIFIR]  target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][ 
and ][as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")][,][ and] professional 
clients[ as defined in MIFID II][ and ][as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA")][ and retail clients ][as defined in 
MIFID II][ and ][as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA [each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")] ; 
and [(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate]]/ [ii] the following channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate: [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non advised sales ][and 
pure execution services] [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – 
[investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non advised sales ][and pure execution services] [, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under [MiFID II][and][COBS], as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending 
the 
Notes 
(a 
"distributor") 
should 
take 
into 
consideration 
the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to [(a)] [MiFID IIis responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable] [and] [(b)] [the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer‘s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable].]]10.  
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
  [Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions of the 
Notes (and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 15 
July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
[for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]  (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [A summary of the 
Notes is annexed to these Final Terms]11. The Base Prospectus [has] [together with these Final Terms have] 
been published on the website of CNMV (www.cnmv.es).] 12 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions of the 
Notes (and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
[original date] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [current date]. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [has] [together with these 
Final Terms have] been published on the website of CNMV (www.cnmv.es)]13 
[Investors should note that if a supplement to or an updated version of the Base Prospectus is published at any 
time during the Offer Period (as defined below), such supplement or updated Base Prospectus as the case may 
be, will be published and made available in accordance with the arrangements applied to the original publication 
of these Final Terms. Any investors who have indicated acceptances of the Offer (as defined below) prior to the 
date of approval of such supplement or updated version of the Base Prospectus, as the case may be (the 
 
10 
Delete where Notes are sold wholly outside EEA and UK. 
11             Delete in the case of an issue of Notes with mínimum denomination equal to or greater tan EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any     
other currency) 
12 
Include this for all notes unless the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an 
earlier date. 
13  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a Base 
Prospectus with an earlier date.

--- Page 296 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
296 
 
 
"Approval Date"), have the right within two working days of the Approval Date to withdraw their 
acceptances.]14
14 
[The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or under any state securities laws, and the Notes may not be offered, sold, transferred, 
pledged, delivered, redeemed, directly or indirectly, at any time within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, or by, any U.S. person. Furthermore, the Notes do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, 
contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the U.S. Commodity 
Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the U.S. 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") pursuant to the CEA, and no U.S. person may at any 
time trade or maintain a position in the Notes.  For a description of the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" " in the Base Prospectus.  
As used herein, "U.S. person" includes any "U.S. person" or person that is not a "non-United States person" 
as either such term may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations adopted under the CEA.]1515 
[The Notes documented in these Final Terms may be considered structured products in Switzerland pursuant to 
Article 70 the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA"); they are not collective investment 
schemes within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 2006 
("CISA"). Accordingly, they are not subject to the supervision of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority, FINMA. and potential investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under 
the CISA. Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor. [The Notes documented in these Final 
Terms are not being offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland to retail 
clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) ("Retail Clients") pursuant to Article 4 para. 2 FinSA. Neither these 
Final Terms nor any offering materials relating to the Notes may be available to Retail Clients in or from 
Switzerland. The offering of the Notes directly or indirectly, in, into  or from Switzerland is only made by way 
of private placement by addressing the Notes solely at investors classified as professional clients (professionelle 
Kunden) or institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) ("Professional or Institutional Clients") as defined in 
the FinSA.]16
16 [The Programme has been registered with a Swiss reviewing body (Prüfstelle) within the meaning 
of Article 52 FinSA (a "Swiss Reviewing Body") and the Notes documented in these Final Terms may be 
offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland to retail clients (Privatkundinnen 
und -kunden) ("Retail Clients") pursuant to Article 4 para. 2 FinSA in a way that triggers a prospectus 
requirement under the FinSA. Such offer of the Notes to Retail Clients may only be made after the registration 
of the Programme with a Swiss Reviewing Body according to the rules of the FinSA. The Programme and these 
Final Terms are available on [specify website] or may be requested as hard copies on request of the investor at 
[specify address]17
17]18
18]19
19 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions 
for completing the Final Terms. Where the context so permits, Terms in these Final Terms may be attributed a 
numerical or letter suffix value when included hereon. Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted as "j", "k", 
"m", "q", "n", "t" or "i" and the term may be completed on the basis of the number or numbers represented by j, 
k, m, q, n, t or i, as chosen at the time of an issue of Notes. When applicable and in order to improve the reading 
and intelligibility of the formula(e) in the Final Terms, the applicable suffixes may be included, completed and 
explained and may be presented as a table, if necessary, in the Final Terms. Where the Final Terms specify that 
 
14 
Include in respect of issues of Notes for which the offer period spans a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the 
Base Prospectus. 
15  
Include for Notes that have been determined to be permanently prohibited from being offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged 
or delivered in the United States or to a U.S. person. In no event Notes to be offered or sold in the United States will be Book-
Entry Notes. 
16  
Include where no offer intended to Retail Clients in or from Switzerland. Please note that it would also be possible to benefit 
from such a private placement exemption if (a) the offer is made to less than 500 Retail Clients, (b) if the denomination of the 
Notes is at least CHF 100'000, (c) if the Notes may only be purchased by investors investing at least CHF 100'000 or (d) if the 
offer does not exceed the cap of CHF 8'000'000 (over a 12 months period). In the event that the issuer would benefit from such 
other exemption, please adjust the wording accordingly. 
17  
Upon request, the Programme and the Final Terms should be made available as hard copies. 
18  
Include where offer is not exempted from the Swiss prospectus requirements under the FinSA 
19  
Delete where no offer into Switzerland is intended.

--- Page 297 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
297 
 
 
a table may be inserted, such table will set out amounts, entities, dates, items, rates, value levels, triggers, 
figures and other information which completes the definitions that appear in the relevant subparagraphs of the 
Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the applicable Annex(es) to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes20
20 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
BBVA Global Markets, B.V. (NIF: N0035575J) 
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (NIF: A48265169) 
 
(iii) 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A ][Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch][specify] 
 
(iv) 
Registrar: 
[Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A.][Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company 
Americas][Not 
applicable][Banco 
Bilbao 
Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.][specify]  
 
(v) 
Transfer Agent: 
[Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A ][Deutsche Bank 
Luxembourg, S.A.][Deutsche Bank Trust Company 
Americas][Not applicable][specify] 
 
(vi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.][specify name] 
 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[specify] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with 
[identify 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[the 
Issue 
Date][exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests 
in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
49 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
[Annex 1: Payout Conditions] 
 
 
[Annex 2: Index Linked Conditions] 
 
 
[Annex 3: Equity Linked Conditions] 
 
 
[Annex 4: ETF Linked Conditions] 
 
 
[Annex 5: Fund Linked Conditions] 
 
 
[Annex 6: Inflation Linked Conditions] 
 
 
[Annex 7: Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Conditions]  
[Annex 8: Credit Linked Conditions]  
 
 
(More than one Annex may apply.) 
 
3. 
Specified Notes Currency or Currencies: 
[specify] [(the "SER Subject Currency") for the purpose of 
the Specified Denomination and calculations [and 
payments other than those to which the Settlement 
 
 
20  
Remove guidance notes in italics when preparing Final Terms.

--- Page 298 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
298 
 
 
Exchange Rate Provisions are specified to apply;] and 
(payments [to which the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions are specified to apply] shall be made in [specify] 
(the "Settlement Currency").]  
[In respect of which payments to which the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions and the SER Intermediated 
Currency Requirements are specified to apply, the "SER 
Intermediate Currency" is [specify].] 
(i) 
UVR Inflation-Adjusted Notes21
21: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
ii. 
UVR Equivalent of Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount/Specified 
Denomination(s)/Calculation 
Amount 
as 
of 
the 
[Issue 
Date][specify]: 
The [Aggregate Nominal Amount is equal to UVR 
[specify]] 
The [Specified Denomination is equal to UVR [specify]] 
[Calculation Amount is equal to UVR [specify]] [all these 
based on the UVR rate of [specify] in effect as of the [Issue 
Date]][specify]. 
 
iii. 
Specified Number of COP/UVR 
Business Days:  
[specify] 
 
iv. 
Initial UVR: 
[specify] 
 
v. 
Floored UVR Index: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable, 
for 
the 
purpose 
of 
determining [the Final Redemption Amount only][all 
payments]  
 
4. Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series:  
[specify]  
[The Notes are Partly Paid Notes] [see paragraph 46 
below] 
(For Partly Paid Notes, specify the dates and amounts for 
the payment of aggregate nominal amount) 
[Part Payment Date(s)              Part Payment Amount (s)]  
[specify]                                    [specify]  
 
(ii) 
Tranche:  
[specify] 
 
5. Issue Price: 
[specify] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
[payable as set out in paragraph 4(i) above] [converted into 
the Settlement Currency at the Initial SER, being [specify 
amount] in respect of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
where "Initial SER" means [specify]] 
 
6. (i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[specify] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[specify](Insert the following in the case of Instalment 
Notes:) (the "Original Calculation Amount") minus, for 
the purposes of any calculation by reference to the 
Calculation Amount on any day, the sum of the Instalment 
Amounts paid prior to the relevant day [save for the 
purposes of calculation of any [Interest Amount][Final 
 
 
21  
Delete if not applicable

--- Page 299 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
299 
 
 
Redemption 
Amount][Early 
Redemption 
Amount][Automatic Early Redemption Amount][Optional 
Redemption 
Amount][Entitlement 
Amount] 
[[payable][deliverable] on [specify]][for which purpose the 
Original Calculation Amount will apply] 
(Insert the following in the case of Partly Paid Notes: [To 
the extent the Notes are not fully paid up, the Calculation 
Amount and any amounts specified per Calculation 
Amount shall be proportionately reduced)] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor.  Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
(Where the Credit Linked provisions are not applicable to 
the [first, second etc] Instalment Amounts then the 
Original Calculation Amount minus the sum of such [first, 
second etc] Instalment Amounts should be used for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked provisions in paragraphs 10 
and 29. Where the Credit Linked provisions apply to a 
portion of the Notes not subject to redemption by 
Instalments and /or for a specified period of time then such 
portion and/or specified period should be used for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked provisions and specified in 
paragraphs 10 and 29) 
 
7. (i) 
Issue Date: 
[specify] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify][Issue Date][Not applicable] 
 
 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
 
(iii) 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
 
8. Maturity Date: 
[The Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to] 
[specify][or if that is not a Business Day the immediately 
[succeeding][preceding] Business Day [unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event it 
will be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day] [specify] [(the "Scheduled Maturity 
Date")][or such [later] date for redemption determined as 
provided in the [[ETF Linked][Fund Linked][Credit 
Linked] Conditions] [but subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 1(g)]][or, in all circumstances if applicable, such 
later date for payment determined as provided in the 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Payout 
Condition 6]] 
 
9. Interest Basis: 
[Not applicable][Applicable] 
(See Paragraph 16 below) 
(Where applicable specify one or more of the following) 
[per cent.] [per annum] [Fixed Rate] [Interest Leverage 
Multiplier: [specify]] 
 
 
[[LIBOR][EURIBOR][specify CMS Rate][specify] +/-
[specify] per cent.] Floating Rate] [ Interest Leverage

--- Page 300 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
300 
 
 
Multiplier: [specify]] 
 
[Specified Interest Amount] (See paragraph 19 below) 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Reference Item Linked Interest: 
 
 
(specify one or more of the following) 
 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Equity Linked Interest] 
[ETF Linked Interest]  
[Fund Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest]  
 [Credit Linked Interest] 
[Reference Item Rate Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Combination Interest]] [Interest Leverage Multiplier: 
[specify]] 
 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by reference 
to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] [only in the 
specific circumstances set out in the Interest Rate Payout  
Formula]] 
 
10. Redemption Basis: 
[Redemption at [par][specify][see paragraph 29 (Final 
Redemption Amount:) below] 
 
 
[Index Linked Redemption]  
 
 
[Equity Linked Redemption]  
[ETF Linked Redemption]  
[Fund Linked Redemption]  
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Redemption] 
[Credit Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption]  
 
 
[Combination Redemption] 
 
 
[Instalment] (See paragraph 44 below) 
 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by reference 
to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] [only in the 
specific circumstances set out in the Final Payout  
Formula] 
(See paragraph 13 below) 
[subject to Variation of Settlement, (see paragraph 47

--- Page 301 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
301 
 
 
below)] 
11. Reference Item(s): 
[specify] [See paragraph [specify] [Index][Basket of 
Indices][Share][Basket 
of 
Shares][Index][Indices][ETF][ETF 
Basket][Fund][Fund 
Basket][Subject Currency][Subject Currencies] Reference 
Item 
Rate][Reference 
Spread][Reference 
Entity(es)] 
below] (Repeat if necessary) 
[Not applicable] 
 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Not applicable] 
 
 
[Noteholder Put Option] 
 
 
[Issuer Call Option] 
 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [32][33] below] 
 
13. Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable][in 
respect 
of][all 
payments][payments 
of 
[interest][principal]only][only 
those payments to which these Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions are specified to apply]] 
[(See paragraph[s] [specify] below)] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
SER Intermediate Currency 
Requirements: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable[in 
respect 
of][all 
payments][payments 
of 
[interest][principal]only][only 
those payments to which these Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions 
and 
these 
SER 
Intermediate 
Currency 
Requirements are specified to apply]] 
 
 
Second Settlement Exchange Rate means [specify] 
SER Intermediate Currency means [specify] 
 
(ii) 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
[Specify rate] 
 
 
(if a pre-determined fixed rate applies then delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph). 
 
(iii) 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [SER Scheduled Trading Days prior to the 
[scheduled] [specify each payment date]] 
 
 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply to different 
payment dates, specify in respect of each applicable 
payment date) 
 
(iv) 
Provisions applicable to determining the 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Exchange 
Rate in Payout Condition 6.3: 
 
 
SER Price Source: [in respect of the Settlement Exchange 
Rate:] [specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
 
 
SER Valuation Time: [in respect of the Settlement 
Exchange Rate:] [specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3]

--- Page 302 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
302 
 
 
 
SER Settlement Day Centre(s): [in respect of the 
Settlement Exchange Rate:] [specify] [as per Payout 
Condition 6.3] 
 
(v) 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
 
SER Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] per 
cent.  
 
SER Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined 
as set out in the definition of Settlement Exchange 
Rate] 
 
SER 
Secondary 
Rate: 
[specify][SER 
First 
Fallback Reference Price [and]][SER Second 
Fallback Reference Price]] 
[as per Payout Conditions 6.1] 
[Not applicable] 
(vi) 
SER 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
City/Cities: 
[specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
 
(vii) 
SER Disruption Fallbacks (for Price 
Source Disruption and Price Materiality 
only): 
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the following 
order: 
[Valuation Postponement] 
SER 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement 
Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][SER Settlement Days] 
[specify] 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement: [specify] 
 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
 
SER First Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
 
SER Second Fallback Price Source: [specify]

--- Page 303 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
303 
 
 
 
SER Second Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] (specify fallbacks 
required and arrange order in which to be applied)] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
[Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
SER Cumulative Events: 
[Not applicable][Applicable and Maximum Cumulative 
Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.1] 
 
(ix) 
SER Number of Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [in respect of the Settlement Exchange 
Rate:] [specify] [and in respect of the Intermediate 
Exchange Rate: [specify]]] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
 
(x) 
SER Additional Disruption Event: 
[As per Payout Condition 6.3] [Not applicable] [The 
following SER Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes:]  
(Specify each of the following which applies)  
[Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging] [Trade 
Date means [specify]] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable]  
(insert where Change in Law does not apply)  
 
 
[as per Payout Condition 6.2] 
 
14. Knock-in Event: 
[Not applicable][Applicable: Knock-in Value is [greater 
than][greater than or equal to][less than][less than or equal 
to] the Knock-in[Barrier][[within][outside] [the Knock-in 
Range] (Only applicable if a payment to be made in 
respect of the Notes is subject to a condition precedent that 
a Knock-in Event has occurred. If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[The Reference Item Rate [1][2] is [greater][less] than [or 
equal to] the Knock-in Barrier] 
 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
(i) 
Knock-in Value:  
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.1] 
 
(ii) 
Knock-in Barrier: 
[specify value or percentage] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices 
etc] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, barrier etc] [Not applicable]  
 
(iv) 
Knock-in Determination Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in

--- Page 304 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
304 
 
 
Determination Period][Not applicable]  
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(v) 
Knock in Determination Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date: 
 [specify]][Not applicable]  
 
(vii) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning 
Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date Scheduled 
Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a Knock-
in Determination Day][Not applicable] 
 
15. Knock-out Event: 
[Not applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out Value is 
[(i)][greater than][greater than or equal to][less than][less 
than or equal to] [the Knock-out [Barrier] [within][outside] 
the Knock-out Range] 
 
 
(Only applicable if a payment to be made in respect of the 
Notes is subject to a condition precedent that a Knock-out 
Event has occurred. If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[The Reference Item Rate [1][2] is [greater][less] than [or 
equal to] the Knock-out Barrier] 
 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Linked Notes) 
 
(i) 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.1] 
 
(ii) 
Knock-out Barrier: 
[specify value or percentage] 
 
(iii) 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices 
etc] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc] [Not applicable]  
 
(iv) 
Knock-out Determination Day(s): 
[[From and including][From and excluding][To and 
including][To but excluding][specify]] 
 
 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period][Not applicable] 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(v) 
Knock-out Determination Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date: 
[specify][Not applicable]

--- Page 305 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
305 
 
 
(vii) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Ending 
Date 
Scheduled Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a Knock 
out Determination Day][Not applicable] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
16. Interest: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, or in case of Specified Interest Amount, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[specify][Not 
applicable][As 
per 
General 
Condition 
4[(a)][(b)]] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention for Interest 
Period End Date(s): 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified Following 
Business Day Convention][Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Floating Rate Convention][Not applicable] 
(if unadjusted specify not applicable. If adjusted specify 
same Business Day Convention as for Interest Payment 
Dates) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions][As defined in 
the relevant Interest Basis provisions below] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention for Interest 
Payment Date(s): 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified Following 
Business Day Convention][Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Floating Rate Convention][Not applicable]  
 
 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for Interest 
Period End Date(s), unless Interest Payment Date(s) is 
(are) expressed to be a number of Business Days after the 
relevant Interest Period End Final Date, Interest Payment 
Date(s) must be subject to the same Business Day 
Convention) 
 
(v) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][per cent.][per annum]][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If a Minimum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period) 
 
(vi) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify][per cent.][per annum]][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If a Maximum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Maximum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period.) 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual [(ICMA)][(ISDA)]] [Actual/365 
[(Fixed)][(Sterling)]] [Actual/360] [30/360/] [360/360]

--- Page 306 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
306 
 
 
[Bond Basis] [30E/360 [(ISDA)]] [Eurobond Basis] [1/1] 
[1] [Not applicable] 
 
(Where 
Actual/Actual 
ICMA 
is 
applicable, 
insert 
Determination Date(s) below) 
(Repeat for each Interest Basis as necessary) 
 
(viii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[specify][in each year]][Not applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In which case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon) 
 
(ix) 
Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of each Interest Payment Date [(from [specify] 
to [specify])][ falling [on][during the period from and 
including] [specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not 
applicable]]the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent [as][in accordance with the following 
formula(s)]:    
 
 
(The above formulation may be repeated as necessary for 
each relevant interest type below) 
 
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula, relevant 
value(s) and other related definitions from Payout 
Condition 2.1 and relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 5) 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (i)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (ii)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (iii)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (iv)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (v)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (vi)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (vii)] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (viii) - Call] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (ix) - Put] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (x) – Range Accrual] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xi) - Call Participation ] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xii) - Digital One Barrier] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xiii) –Digital One Barrier Standard ]

--- Page 307 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
307 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xiv) – Strike Podium n Barriers]  
 
[Rate of Interest (xv) – Partial Memory] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvi) – Memory] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xvii) - Call with Individual Caps] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xviii) – Cappuccino] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xix) - Best Replace] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xx) – Cliquet] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxi) - Cliquet Digital] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxii) - Cliquet Digital Lock in] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiii) - Digital Coupon One Dual 
Condition] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxiv) - Digital Coupon Two Dual 
Conditions] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxv) – TARN] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvi) – Ratchet] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxvii) – Multiplier] 
[Rate of Interest (xxviii) –Count Barrier Condition] 
[Rate of Interest (xxix) – Podium] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxx) – Compensation] 
[Rate of Interest (xxxi) – Dual Currency Digital Coupon] 
[Rate of Interest (xxxii) – Partial Consolidation] 
 
 
[Rate of Interest (xxxiii) – Ulises] 
[Rate of Interest (xxxiv) – Leonidas Range Accrual] 
[Rate of Interest (xxxv) – Leonidas] 
[Rate of Interest (xxxvi) – Branch] 
[Rate of Interest (xxxvii) – Multiple Reverse] 
[Rate of Interest (xxxviii) – Growth & Income] 
[Option FX: Applicable] (specify as applicable for each 
Rate of Interest where FX option is to apply) 
 
 
(If the Rate or Interest is calculated by reference to 
Reference Items, Valuation Dates, Observation Dates etc. 
or is otherwise calculated differently in respect of each 
Interest Payment Date, above options may be repeated and 
numerical suffixes may be used to clarify which Reference 
Item, Rate of Interest, Valuation Date, Observation Date 
etc. applies in respect of the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date)

--- Page 308 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
308 
 
 
17. Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
paragraph 
"Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions]  
 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined repeat 
items (i) to (iii) of this paragraph for each such rate and, if 
Digital Coupon One Condition of Digital Coupon two 
Conditions apply distinguish between the Rate which is 
Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is 
Rate C if applicable) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[specify] [per cent. [per annum] payable [annually][semi-
annually][quarterly][monthly] in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date][Not applicable] 
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
 
(ii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount][Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling [in][on][specify]][Not applicable] 
 
18. Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify] only]][Not applicable] 
[for purposes only of determining the "Rate" element of the 
Rate of Interest specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where 
"Rate of Interest (x) - Range Accrual" applies under item 
16(ix)) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
paragraph 
"Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, repeat 
items [Specify] to [Specify] for each such rate and, if 
Digital Coupon One Condition of Digital Coupon two 
Conditions apply distinguish between the Rate which is 
Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is 
Rate C if applicable) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[specify length of period] [Not applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]

--- Page 309 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
309 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[specify period] [month] [year] [LIBOR] [EURIBOR] 
[CMS Rate with a Designated Maturity of [insert 
years]][specify Government Bond Yield Rate][specify TEC 
Rate] [with a Designated Maturity of [insert years]] 
[specify other] 
 
(b) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] (to be determined in accordance with General 
Condition 4(b)(iv) 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(a) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
 
(b) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
(d)  
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
[specify] 
 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not applicable][Applicable - the Rate of Interest for the 
[long][short] [first][last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
(vi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][specify][per cent][per annum][Not applicable] 
(If a Margin applies for each Interest Period, the Margin 
shall be specified separately for each Interest Period)  
 
19. Specified Interest Amount Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Specified Interest Amount(s): 
[In respect of the [following] Specified Interest Payment 
Dates [from and including [[specify] to and including 
[specify]]], [specify] per Calculation Amount][See table 
[above][below]](Insert table) (Note that for partially 
Credit-Linked Notes where the Specified Interest Amounts 
are not credit-linked, the amount specified per Calculation 
Amount should be the intended Specified Interest Amount 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
multiplied 
by 
(1-Credit 
Multiplier).)  
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
paragraph 
"Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(repeat as necessary)

--- Page 310 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
310 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify][[Each][The] Interest Payment Date falling on or 
nearest to] [specify][from and including [the Interest 
Payment Date falling on or nearest to] [specify] to and 
including [the Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest 
to][specify]][, as adjusted in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention] [See table [above][below]](Insert table) 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Amount Multiplier: 
[Not 
applicable] 
[specify][Credit 
Event 
Reduction 
Factor](only include where relevant for Credit Linked 
Notes ) 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention 
[specify] (only include if necessary) 
 
20. Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
paragraph 
"Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
Accrual Yield: 
[specify] per cent. [per annum] [30/360][specify] 
 
 
 
 
21. Index Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable] [in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify] only][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" 
specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) 
- Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
paragraph 
"Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(i) 
[Index][Basket of Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above] [below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant 
details of where investors can obtain information about the 
Index][(see paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
[Composite][non Composite] 
 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Index Linked Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
Exchange(s) and Index Sponsor: 
(a) 
[the relevant Exchange[s] [is][are]] [there are no 
relevant Exchanges] [specify]; and  
 
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [specify].] 
[See table [above][below]]

--- Page 311 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
311 
 
 
(iii) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
 
(v) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above] [below]] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify][See table [above][below]][Insert table][or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
 
(viii) 
[Coupon Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
 
(ix) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation 
Period] [[specify], being the time specified on the relevant 
[Coupon Valuation Date] [Observation Date] or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the calculation of 
the [Index Linked Interest Amount]  
 
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time will be 
the Scheduled Closing Time) 
 
(x) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(xi) 
Exchange Business Day:  
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single Index 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)]]  
 
(xii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single Index 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
 
(xiii) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As set out in Index Linked Condition 7][specify] 
 
(xiv) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify][five][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable] [As per the Index Linked Conditions] 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes:] 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies)

--- Page 312 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
312 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow]  
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify] is 
[specify]] (Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable) 
 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify] is 
[specify] (Only applicable if Increased Cost is Stock 
Borrow is applicable) 
 
22. Equity Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" 
specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) 
- Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
paragraph 
"Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(i) 
[Share(s)][Share Company][Basket of 
Shares][Basket Company]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above] [below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify][Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Equity Linked Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
 
(iii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
 
(viii) 
Depositary Receipt provisions: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable][For 
Reference 
Item 
k=[specify][and k=[specify]]  
 
(a) 
Details of share: 
[specify name and ISIN code of the share to which the 
relevant Depository Receipts relate]

--- Page 313 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
313 
 
 
(b) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
 
(viii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
 
(ix) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging applies to the Notes. The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above] [See table [above][below]] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
 
(x) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [ See table [above][below]] [Insert table] [or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
 
(xi) 
[Coupon Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
 
(xii) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation 
Period]] [[specify], being the time specified on the relevant 
[Coupon Valuation Date][Observation Date] or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the calculation of 
the [Equity Linked Interest Amount]  
 
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time will be 
the Scheduled Closing Time) 
 
(xiii) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(xiv) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
 
(xv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
 
 
(Must match election for Exchange Business Day) 
 
(xvi) 
Share Correction Period: 
[As set out in Equity Linked Condition 8][specify] 
 
(xvii) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[specify][five][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
 
(xviii) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Equity Linked Conditions][In 
addition to De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Tender 
Offer unless Tender Offer (specified below as not 
applicable) 
and 
Nationalisation, 
the 
following 
Extraordinary Events apply to the Notes:  
(specify each of the following which applies)

--- Page 314 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
314 
 
 
 
[Listing Change] 
 
 
[Listing Suspension] 
 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Equity Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes:] 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow]  
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
23. ETF Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" 
specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) 
- Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
paragraph 
"Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(i) 
[ETF(s)]/[ETF Basket]: 
 The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to  
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary)

--- Page 315 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
315 
 
 
 
[Weighting: [[Not Applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the ETF Linked Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
ETF Share Currency: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
 
(iii) 
ISIN of ETF Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
 
(v) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below]] 
 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below]] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a [Disrupted Day], 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
 
(ix) 
Interest Payment Dates(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [insert table] [or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
 
(x) 
[Coupon Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify] [See table [above][below] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
 
(xi) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation 
Period]] [[specify], being the time specified on the relevant 
[Coupon Valuation Date] [Observation Date] or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the calculation of 
the [ETF Linked Interest Amount]  
 
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time will be 
the close of trading on the Exchange) 
 
(xii) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(xiii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[[(All 
ETF 
Shares 
Basis)][[(Per 
ETF 
Shares 
Basis)]][(Single ETF Share Basis)]][(Cross Asset Basis)]]  
 
(xiv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[[(All ETF Share Basis)]][[(Per ETF Share Basis)]][(Single 
ETF Share Basis)]][(Cross Asset Basis)]] 
 
(xv) 
ETF Share Correction Period: 
[As set out in the ETF Linked Condition 6][specify] 
 
(xvi) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[Not applicable][specify][five][Scheduled Trading Days]

--- Page 316 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
316 
 
 
(xvii) 
Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 2(b)] [specify] 
 
(xxiii) 
Additional Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the ETF Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary ETF Events apply to 
the Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
 
24. Fund Linked Interest Provisions:  
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" 
specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) 
- Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
paragraph 
"Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(i) 
[Fund(s)]/[Fund Basket(s)]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
 
[The NAV per Fund Share will be published on [specify]]  
[Weighting: [[Not Applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [Fund Linked Conditions]]

--- Page 317 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
317 
 
 
(ii) 
[Fund Shares]: 
[specify][a unit of the relevant Fund] [See table 
[above][below]] 
 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below]] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Fund Non-
Valuation 
Date, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [insert table] [or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
 
(v) 
[Coupon Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify] [See table [above][below] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
 
(vi) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Fund-Non 
Valuation 
Date 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(vii) 
Fund Business Day: 
[specify][(All Fund Share Basis)][(Per Fund Share 
Basis)][(Single Fund Share Basis)]] [As per the Fund 
Linked Conditions] 
 
(viii) 
Initial Calculation Dates:  
 
 
(a) 
Initial Calculation Day:  
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
(b) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Calculation Period: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Extraordinary Fund Events: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 1] [specify] 
 
(a) 
NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(b) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
 
(c) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
 
(d) 
Number of NAV Publication 
Days: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
 
(e) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Additional Extraordinary Fund Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Fund Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary Fund Events apply to

--- Page 318 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
318 
 
 
the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Delayed Payment Cut-Off Date: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 3][specify] 
 
25. Inflation Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] 
[to 
and 
including 
[specify]] 
only]][Not 
applicable][for the purposes of determining the "Rate of 
Interest" specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of 
Interest (x) - Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
paragraph 
"Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
(If more than one Inflation Rate is to be determined, repeat 
items (i) to (ix) for each such Inflation Rate and, if Digital 
Coupon One Condition of Digital Coupon two Conditions 
apply distinguish between the Rate which is Rate A, the 
Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is Rate C if 
applicable) 
 
(i) 
[Index][Indices][Basket 
of 
each 
Inflation Index] 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
 
(Set out each Index level and insert "in respect of [specify 
date]" following each Index level) 
 
(ii) 
Screen Page/Exchange/ CODE: 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per the Inflation Linked Conditions][specify] 
 
(v) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fallback Bond][Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Reference Month: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(x) 
Determination Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Inflation 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption Events

--- Page 319 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
319 
 
 
apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
26. Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" 
specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) 
- Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) [For the 
purpose of determining the "RI FX Level" specified in item 
16(ix)] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
paragraph 
"Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] 
 
(ii) 
Subject Currency/Currencies:  
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] 
[and EM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions apply to such 
Subject Currency] 
 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below]] 
 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above] [below] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply] 
 
 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [Insert table] [or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
 
(vi) 
[Coupon Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
 
(vii) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(viii) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions 
do not apply to a Settlement Currency: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not applicable]

--- Page 320 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
320 
 
 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(b) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note 
Condition 7] 
 
(d) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Not applicable] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where Non-
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different Disruption 
Events (or components thereof) also apply thereto). 
 
(e) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[[specify][five][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable]]  
 
(ix) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions 
apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
 
(a) 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining 
the 
Settlement 
Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 7 
[and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where more 
than one Subject Currency]]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: [specify] 
 
(b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] per

--- Page 321 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
321 
 
 
cent.  
EM Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined 
as set out in the definition of Settlement Price] 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First Fallback 
Reference Price [and]][EM Second Fallback 
Reference Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Events (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(c) 
EM Disruption Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
 
(d) 
EM 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
 
(e) 
EM Cumulative Events: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable 
and 
EM 
Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
 
(f) 
EM Number of Settlement 
Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify 
other] 
[where 
Settlement 
Day 
Centre(s) means [specify]] 
 
(g) 
EM Number of Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][EM Settlement Days] 
[specify] 
 
(x) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable] ][As per the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate

--- Page 322 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
322 
 
 
Linked Conditions] [The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies)  
[Hedging Disruption][Increased Cost of Hedging] [Trade 
Date means [specify]] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(insert where Change in Law does not apply) 
27. Reference Item Rate Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including] [specify] only][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" 
specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest (x) 
- Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
paragraph 
"Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions]  
 
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Note Provisions shall apply. 
For the purposes of determining the Reference Item Rate 
on the basis of elections in this paragraph] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
 
(If more than one Reference Item Rate is to be determined, 
include the following language: "Reference Item Rate 
[specify] is as follows:" and repeat items (i) to (vi)) below 
for each such Reference Item Rate) 
 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Item Rate: 
[specify period] [month] [year] [LIBOR] [EURIBOR] 
[CMS Rate with a Designated Maturity of [insert 
years]][specify Government Bond Yield Rate][specify TEC 
Rate] [with a Designated Maturity of [insert years]] 
[specify other] 
 
(b) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 323 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
323 
 
 
(a) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
 
(b) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate 1 minus Reference Item Rate 2][Not 
applicable] 
 
 
[See paragraph [specify][above][below] 
 
 
(If a Reference Spread applies for each Interest Period, the 
Reference Spread shall be specified separately for each 
Interest Period.) 
 
(iv) 
[Coupon Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][or such later date as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the 
Payout Conditions] 
 
(v) 
Range Accrual Cut-Off Date: 
[specify] 
[See 
paragraph 
[specify][above][below][Not 
applicable]  
 
(vi) 
Business Day: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Item Rate only, "Business Day" means [a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in [specify] [A Target Settlement Day][ 
[a "U.S. Government Securities Business Day", being any 
day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for the purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities.] 
 
 
[Not applicable] 
 
28. Combination Note Interest: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(Applicable in relation to Interest linked to a combination 
of types of Reference Items) 
 
 
(If applicable, complete relevant prompts from Paragraphs 
16 to 27) 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION AND PROVISIONS  RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED 
NOTES 
 
29. Final Redemption Amount: 
[Redemption at par][Calculation Amount * [specify] per 
cent.][Calculation Amount * Final Payout][, subject to 
[specify][the application of the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions[in the specified circumstances set out in the 
Final Payout Formula only]]] 
 
30. Final Payout: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If applicable, in respect of the following, insert formula 
from Payout Condition 2.2 and relevant definitions from 
Payout Condition 5)(If not applicable, delete remaining

--- Page 324 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
324 
 
 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Redemption (i)] 
 
 
[Redemption (ii) - Call] 
 
 
[Redemption (iii) - Put] 
 
 
[Redemption (iv)] – Digital] 
 
 
[Redemption (v) - Digital with Knock-in] 
 
 
[Redemption (vi) – Strike Podium n Conditions] 
 
 
[Redemption (vii) – Knock-in] 
 
 
[Redemption (viii) – Knock-in Standard] 
 
 
[Redemption (ix) – Knock-in Put Leverage] 
 
 
[Redemption (x) – Barrier and Knock-in Standard] 
 
 
[Redemption (xi) – Barrier and Knock-in]  
 
 
[Redemption (xii) – Barrier and Knock-in Put Leverage] 
[Redemption (xiii) – Twin Win] 
 
 
[Redemption (xiv) – Himalaya] 
 
 
[Redemption (xv) - Booster] 
 
 
[Redemption (xvi) – Bonus] 
 
 
[Redemption (xvii) – Dual Currency Digital] 
 
 
[Redemption (xviii) – Count Barrier Condition] 
 
 
[Redemption (xix) – Accumulation] 
[Redemption (xx) - Range Accrual] 
[Redemption (xxi) –Twin Win with Knock-out Event 
capital protected] 
[Redemption (xxii) – Twin Win with Knock-out Barriers 
capital at risk] 
 
31. Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If applicable, specify one of the following) 
 
 
[ST Automatic Early Redemption][Target Automatic Early 
Redemption] (always insert 'Target Automatic Early 
Redemption Event' in relation to Accumulated Coupon) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Automatic Early Redemption Event: 
[In respect of [any][all] Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date[s] [from (i)=[specify] to (i)=[specify]] [for

--- Page 325 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
325 
 
 
[each][the][relevant][any][all] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Period[s] [from ([i])=[specify] to 
([i])=[specify]] [,the] AER Value is: [greater than][greater 
than or equal to][less than][less than or equal to] the 
Automatic Early Redemption Trigger][within][outside] 
[the Automatic Early Redemption Range] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
AER Value:  
[insert relevant value definition and where applicable 
relevant definitions from Payout Condition 5.1 and 5.2] 
 
(iii) 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount: 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
 
(Insert relevant formula from payout annex) 
 
(iv) 
Automatic Early Redemption Trigger: 
[[specify][per 
cent.]][Not 
applicable][See 
table 
[above][below]][Insert table] 
 
(v) 
Automatic Early Redemption Range: 
From and [including][excluding][specify range of values, 
percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices 
etc] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc][Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] 
 
(vi) 
AER Percentage: 
[specify] 
per 
cent.][Not 
applicable] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] 
 
 
(insert where ST Automatic Early Redemption applies) 
 
(vii) 
Automatic Early Redemption Date(s): 
[specify][The date falling [specify] Business Days 
following 
[each][the] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
[Date][Period] in respect of which an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has occurred] [or such later date for 
payment determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the 
Payout Conditions]] [See table [above][below]] 
 
(viii) 
AER Additional Rate: 
[AER Rate][Insert relevant provisions from Payout 
Condition 5.1][Not applicable] 
 
 
[AER 
Rate 
DCF][Insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
 
 
[AER 
Rate 
MT][Insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
[See table [above][below]] 
 
(ix) 
[(i)] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [Each [specify] [Scheduled Trading Day] falling 
within the [relevant] Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Period] [See table [above][below]] 
(repeat as necessary)  
 
(x) 
[(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Period(s):] 
[[from (i)=[specify] to [specify] [Each][The] period from 
[and 
including][but 
excluding][specify], 
to 
[and 
including][but 
excluding][specify] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]]

--- Page 326 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
326 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
(xi) 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date][during the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period][Not applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below]] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
 
 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to: 
[specify][five]] 
 
 
(If not Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specific Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to five) 
 
32. Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount]][In relation to each 
Note][its pro rata share of][specify] [The Optional 
Redemption Amount shall be determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(Insert relevant formula from Payout Annex)] 
 
 
(Insert relevant Optional Redemption Amount in respect of 
each relevant Optional Redemption Date. These may be set 
out in a table or annexed to the Final Terms) 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(b) 
Higher Redemption Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [specify] 
 
 
Maximum period: [specify] 
 
 
[Not applicable]

--- Page 327 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
327 
 
 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 business days' notice for a 
call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent.) 
 
33. Noteholder Put: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[[specify] 
[per 
Calculation 
Amount][The 
Optional 
Redemption Amount shall be determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
 
 
(Insert relevant formula from Payout Annex)] 
 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
Maximum period: [specify][Not applicable] 
 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 business days' notice for a 
put) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent) 
 
34. Early Redemption Amount: 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount][As set out in General 
Condition 6 (f)] 
 
35. Index Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Index][Basket of Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
below] [Insert table] [See paragraph 21(i) above] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant, 
details of where investors can obtain information about the 
Index][(see paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
[Composite][Non Composite] 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Index Linked Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
Exchange(s) and Index Sponsor: 
(a) 
[the relevant Exchange[s] [is][are] [there are no

--- Page 328 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
328 
 
 
relevant Exchanges] [specify]; and  
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [specify]] 
[See table [above][below]] [See paragraph 21(ii) above] 
 
(iii) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] [See paragraph 
21(iii) above] 
 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] [See 
paragraph 21[(i)][(iv)] above] 
 
(v) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] [See 
paragraph 21(v) above] 
 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below]] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
 
(vii) 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above] [below]] 
 
(viii) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify], being the time specified on 
the relevant [Redemption Valuation Date] [Observation 
Date] or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the [Redemption Amount] 
 
(ix) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above] [below]] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(x) 
Exchange Business Day:  
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single Index 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)]  
 
 
(standard election is All Indices Basis) 
 
(xi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single Index 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
 
(xii) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As set out in Index Linked Condition 7][specify] 
 
(xiii) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[specify][five][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Index Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes:]

--- Page 329 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
329 
 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies)  
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow]  
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
 
[[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify](only applicable 
if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify].(N.B. only 
applicable if Increased Cost is Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
36. Equity Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Share/Basket of Shares/Basket 
Company: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above] [below]] [Insert table]] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Equity Linked Conditions]] [see paragraph 22(i) 
above] 
 
(ii) 
Share Currency: 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]] [see paragraph 
22[(i)][(ii)] above] 
 
(iii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]] [see paragraph 
22[(i)][(iii)] above] 
 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]] [see paragraph 
22[(i)][(iv)] above] 
 
(v) 
Exchange: 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]] [see paragraph 
22[(i)][(v)] above]  
 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] [see paragraph 
22(vi) above] 
 
(vii) 
Depositary Receipt provisions: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
[For 
Reference 
Item 
k=[specify][and k=[specify] [See paragraph 22(vii) above] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 330 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
330 
 
 
(a) 
Details of share: 
[specify name and ISIN code of the share to which the 
relevant Depository Receipts relate] 
 
(b) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
 
(viii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below]] [see 
paragraph 22(viii) above] 
 
(ix) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging applies to the Notes.][The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].][See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below]] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
 
(x) 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
 
(xi) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify], being the time specified on 
the relevant [Redemption Valuation Date] [Observation 
Date] or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, for the 
calculation of the [Redemption Amount]  
 
(xii) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(xiii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
 
(xiv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
 
(xv) 
Share Correction Period: 
[As set out in Equity Linked Condition 8][specify] 
 
(xvi) 
Specified 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[specify][five][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Equity Linked Conditions][In 
addition to De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event and 
Nationalisation, the following Extraordinary Events apply 
to the Notes]: 
[Listing Change] 
[Listing Suspension] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
 
(xviii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Equity Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the

--- Page 331 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
331 
 
 
Notes]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow]  
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
 
 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
 
[Failure to Deliver: Not applicable] 
 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]](Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
37. ETF Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[ETF(s)]/[ETF Basket]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
 
[Weighting: [Not Applicable] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the ETF Linked Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
ETF Share Currency: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
 
(iii) 
ISIN of ETF Share(s): 
[specify]  
 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify]  
 
(v) 
Exchange(s):  
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [Not applicable][see 
paragraph 23[(i)][(v)] above] 
 
(vi) 
Related Exchange(s):  
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable][see paragraph 
23(vi) above] 
 
(vii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below][see

--- Page 332 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
332 
 
 
Days]: 
paragraph 23(vii) above] 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below]]  
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
 
(ix) 
Redemption Valuation Date(s)/ 
Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
 [Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Observation 
Period]] [[specify], being the time specified on the relevant 
[Redemption Valuation Date] or an Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, for the calculation of the [Redemption 
Amount][As per ETF Linked Condition 6][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time will be 
the Scheduled Closing Time) 
 
(xi) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][see table above][below]] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
 
(xii) 
Exchange Business Day:  
[(All ETF Shares Basis)] [(Per ETF Share Basis)] [(Single 
ETF Share Basis)] [(Cross Asset Basis)]] [Not applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[[(All ETF Shares Basis)] [(Per ETF Share Basis)] [(Single 
ETF Share Basis)] [(Cross Asset Basis)]] [Not applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
ETF Share Correction Period: 
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 6][specify] 
 
(xv) 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[specify][five][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 2(b)] [specify] 
 
(xvii) 
Additional Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the ETF Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes]: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.]

--- Page 333 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
333 
 
 
 
[Failure to Deliver: Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Change in Law: Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]](Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
 
38. Fund Linked Redemption:  
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Fund(s)]/[Fund Basket]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
 
[The NAV per Fund Share will be published on [specify]] 
 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify]] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Fund Linked Conditions]] 
 
(ii) 
[Fund Shares:] 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [see paragraph 
24(ii)][a unit of the relevant Fund] 
 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a [Fund Non-
Valuation 
Date][Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
(iv) 
[Observation Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][see table above][below]] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Fund Non-
Valuation 
Date 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(v) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/ 
Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
 
(vi) 
Fund Business Day: 
[specify][(All Fund Share Basis)][(Per Fund Share 
Basis)][(Single Fund Share Basis)] [As per the Fund 
Linked Conditions] 
 
(vii) 
Initial Calculation Dates: 
(a) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
 
[specify][Not applicable]

--- Page 334 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
334 
 
 
(b) 
Initial Calculation Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(c) 
Initial Calculation Days: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify][Not applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable]  
 
(x) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 1] [specify] 
 
(a) 
NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(b) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[specify][As 
per 
the 
Fund 
Linked 
Condition 
6][specify][Not applicable] 
 
(c) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[As per the Fund Linked Conditions][specify] 
 
(d) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
 
(e) 
Number of NAV Publication 
Days: 
[specify] [As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6][Not 
applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Additional Extraordinary Fund Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Fund Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary Fund Events apply to 
the Notes]: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
[Failure to Deliver: Not applicable] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Delayed Payment Cut-off Date: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 3][specify][Not 
applicable]  
 
39. Inflation Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
[Index][Indices]: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
(ii) 
Screen page/Exchange/CODE: 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per the Inflation Linked Conditions][specify] 
 
(v) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fallback Bond][Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[As set out in Inflation Linked Condition 4][specify]

--- Page 335 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
335 
 
 
(viii) 
Reference Month: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(ix) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and Strike 
Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] 
 
(x) 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(xi) 
Additional Redemption Event: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Inflation 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
 
40. Credit Linked Interest/Redemption: 
[Applicable: 
(a) Credit Linked Interest: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[in respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]] 
(Specify not applicable  for Credit Linked Notes which are 
Zero Coupon Credit Linked Notes or if Interest Amount is 
not subject to Credit provisions and repeat as necessary 
for Long/Short Credit Linked Notes) 
(If Credit Linked Interest is specified as applicable for 
Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, First-to-
Default Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Credit Linked 
Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes (in respect of 
which the Long Exposure and/or Short Exposure is a 
Single 
Reference 
Entity 
Exposure, 
First-to-Default 
Exposure or Nth-to-Default Exposure): [Accrual of 
Interest up to Credit Event: [Applicable][Not applicable]] 
(b) 
Credit 
Linked 
Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] [in respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]]] 
(Specify not applicable for Credit Linked Notes if 
redemption is not subject to Credit provisions)  
[Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Type of Credit Linked Notes: 
The Notes are [Single Reference Entity][First-to-Default] 
 
 
[Nth-to-Default] Credit Linked Notes [and the Relevant 
Number is [specify] (for Nth-to-Default Credit Linked 
Notes)] [Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
where Credit Payment [on Maturity] [As You Go] applies] 
[Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes] [Non-
Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes – [iTraxx] [CDX] 
[where Credit Payment [on Maturity] [As You Go] 
applies]] [Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes – [iTraxx] 
[CDX]] 
[Basket 
Tranched 
Index 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Long/Short Credit Linked Notes]

--- Page 336 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
336 
 
 
 
(a) 
[Credit Event Amount: [specify amount] (only use 
for Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Credit Linked Notes to which Credit Payment As 
You Go applies)[As set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] 
 
 
(b) 
Credit Event Payment Date: [[specify] (if other 
than three) Business Days] [As set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions]] [or such later date for 
payment determined as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 
of the Payout Conditions] 
((a) and (b) are only applicable for Non-
Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or 
Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes to 
which Credit Payment As You Go applies, 
otherwise delete (a) and (b))  
 
 
(c) 
[Credit Observation End Date [in respect of Long 
Exposure and Short Exposure] [in respect of of 
Basket Tranched Index Component k=[ ]]: 
[specify if different from Scheduled Maturity 
Date]] (For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if 
not the same for Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure, specify for each separately or repeat as 
necessary for Basket Index Credit Linked Notes) 
 
 
(d) 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure][in respect of Basket Tranched Index 
Component k=[ ]:] Index Annex: [Markit 
iTraxx® Europe [index name] Series [specify] 
Version [specify]] / [Markit CDX.NA.[IG/HY].[ ] 
[specify sector, if any] [specify series, if any] 
[specify version, if any] 
(Delete this paragraph if the Notes are not Index 
Credit Linked Notes or if the Notes are 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes and the Long 
Exposure and the Short Exposure do not 
reference an Index or repeat as necessary for 
Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes) 
 
 
(e)  
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]][In respect of Basket Tranched Index 
Component k=[ ]:] Annex Date: [Specify] 
(Delete this paragraph if the Notes are not Index 
Credit Linked Notes or if the Notes are 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes and the Long 
Exposure and the Short Exposure do not 
reference an Index or repeat as necessary for 
Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes or 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes) 
(f) 
[Credit Event Backstop Date [in respect of Long 
Exposure and Short Exposure] [in respect of 
Basket Tranched Index Component k=[ ]:]: The 
later to occur of (A) the Trade Date and (B) the 
Credit Event Backstop Date as determined

--- Page 337 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
337 
 
 
pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 13 and 
subparagraph (a) or (b) of the definition of 
"Credit Event Backstop Date", as applicable.] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the 
same for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, 
specify for each separately or repeat as necessary 
for Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes) 
(ii) 
Credit Event Redemption Amount: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
[specify amount] (only use for zero/set recovery that are 
not Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Credit 
Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes) [Not 
applicable] (specify in case of physically settled notes or if 
Credit Linked Redemption is not applicable) 
 
(iii) 
Protected Amount: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (Specify not applicable if 
Credit Linked Redemption is not applicable) 
[specify amount if applicable (Express as a percentage of 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount)] 
(NB The Protected Amount may be applicable in case of 
Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes, First-to 
Default Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to Default Credit Linked 
Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes Index Credit 
Linked Notes [and Long/Short Credit Linked Notes]where 
only part of the Nominal Amount is exposed to the relevant 
Reference Entity/es) 
 
(iv) 
Unwind Costs: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Applicable: 
[specify]][Standard 
Unwind 
Costs][Not 
applicable] (Specify not applicable if Credit Linked 
Redemption is not applicable) 
 
(v) 
Credit Multiplier: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Not applicable] [specify (insert only if Credit Multiplier is 
not 1)](Repeat as necessary where different figures apply 
for interest or redemption purposes and/or where it may 
change in respect of different dates)  
 
(vi) 
[(a)] Credit Event Redemption Date: 
[Credit Linked Condition 13 applies][(specify if other than 
three) Business Days] [or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions]] (Delete this line item for Physically Settled 
Notes or if Credit linked Redemption is not applicable) 
(Apply for Long/Short Credit Linked Notes) 
 
[(b)] Maturity Credit Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]] (Delete this line item (b) for 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Credit Linked 
Notes or Long/Short Credit Linked Notes or if Credit 
Linked Redemption is not applicable)] 
 
(vii) 
Settlement Method: 
[(see further item(s) [(xxxi)] [to] [(lvii)] 
below)] 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Auction Settlement][Cash Settlement][Physical Delivery] 
[Not applicable:] [Zero/Set Recovery Notes] 
[Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes]

--- Page 338 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
338 
 
 
[Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes where Zero 
Recovery is applicable] [Basket Basket Tranched 
Index Credit Linked Notes where Zero Recovery 
is applicable] [in respect of the Long Exposure 
and Short Exposure or where Long Short 
Exposure and Short Exposure comprise a 
Tranched 
Linear 
Basket 
Exposure][Not 
applicable] (specify not applicable if Credit 
Linked 
Redemption 
is 
not 
applicable)(For 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same 
for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify 
for each separately) 
(viii) 
Calculation Agent City: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[specify][As per the Physical Settlement Matrix] (For 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same for Long 
Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each separately) 
 
(ix) 
[Business Day Convention: 
[Following][Modified 
Following][Preceding] 
Business 
Day Convention (Insert only where no Business Day 
Convention has been specified already for the Notes, 
otherwise delete.)] 
 
(x) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[Long Exposure:] [specify] [[Short Exposure: [specify]] 
[these may be set out in the form of a table as by reference 
to a credit derivatives index setting out the applicable 
names (in which circumstances, include the following text 
and any details of the date/version of the referenced credit 
derivatives index: "Each Reference Entity comprising the 
[specify name of index] on the [Issue/Trade Date]. No 
adjustments to the terms of the Notes shall be made to 
reflect subsequent versions or reconstitutions of the 
[specify name of index].". All relevant items below should 
be completed in respect of each Reference Entity 
(repeating items where necessary) which may also be done 
by including the Reference Entities and such items in a 
table] [For Index Credit Linked Notes or, in the case of 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes where the Long Exposure 
and/or Short Exposure references an Index: As defined in 
Credit Linked Condition 13] [and the relevant "Reference 
Entity Weighting" shall be [specify] in respect of each 
Reference Entity].(insert only where it is necessary to 
change the weighting specified by the relevant Index)] 
 
(xi) 
Physical Settlement Matrix: 
[Applicable  [in respect of Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure], [for which purpose the Date of the Physical 
Settlement Matrix is [specify]]][Not Applicable  [in respect 
of Long Exposure and Short Exposure]] (if Applicable, 
specify in relation to each Reference Entity its Transaction 
Type) [in respect of Long Exposure and Short Exposure] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately) 
 
(xii) 
Transaction Type: 
[Not applicable] 
[Long Exposure:] [specify] [[Short Exposure: [specify] 
subject to adjustment as provided in the definition of 
Successor, as applicable](insert in relation to each 
Reference Entity if item (xiii) applies. (e.g.: 'European

--- Page 339 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
339 
 
 
Corporate'.)) 
(For Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Notes insert the 
following for each Index and repeat as necessary) [In 
respect of Basket Tranched Index Component  k= [ ]] 
(For iTraxx Index Credit Linked Notes or for Long/Short 
Credit Linked Notes where the Long Exposure and/or 
Short Exposure references the iTraxx Index) [As specified 
opposite the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex 
[for the [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure], subject to 
adjustment as provided in the definition of Successor, as 
applicable.] 
(For CDX Index Credit Linked Notes or for Long/Short 
Credit Linked Notes where the Long Exposure and/or 
Short Exposure references the CDX Index) [[specify] in 
respect of each Reference Entity [for the [Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure], 
unless 
another 
Transaction Type is specified in the Index Annex, in which 
case the Transaction Type will be as specified opposite the 
relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex, subject to 
adjustment as provided in definition of "Successor", as 
applicable.] 
(xiii) 
Reference Entity Notional Amount: 
[specify in respect of each Reference Entity]][Not 
applicable] [For Index Credit Linked Notes and/or where a 
Credit Multiplier applies: As defined in Credit Linked 
Condition 13] (For Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Notes and Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linekd 
Notes which are Instalment Notes, then please specify that 
the RENA will be equal to:)  [Means in respect of each 
Reference Entity, (i) the product of the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount and the Credit Multiplier (if 
any) multiplied by (ii) the Reference Entity Weighting for 
such Reference Entity multiplied by (iii) one divided by 
the aggregate of the Reference Entity Weightings for all 
Reference Entities, subject to the provisions of the 
definition of "Successor".]  
[For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes: Long Exposure: 
[specify in respect of each Reference Entity][Not 
applicable][For a Long Exposure that references an Index: 
as defined in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
[Short Exposure: [specify in respect of each Reference 
Entity][not applicable][For a Short Exposure that 
references an Index: as defined in Credit Linked Condition 
13] 
 
(xiv) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
(Where either (a) Standard Reference Obligation is not 
applicable or (b) Standard Reference Obligation is 
applicable but there is no Standard Reference Obligation 
when the Final Terms are signed, insert one of the 
following:) (For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes where the 
Long Exposure and/or Short Exposure does not reference 
an Index insert the following in respect of the Long 
Exposure and/or Short Exposure as the case may be. 
Repeat if neither Long Exposure nor Short Exposure 
references an Index.)

--- Page 340 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
340 
 
 
 
[In respect of [Long exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[If no initial Reference Obligation is to be specified, insert: 
Initially none, subject to the Calculation Agent's ability to 
select and/or replace the Reference Obligation from time to 
time in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 13.] 
OR 
[If the initial Reference Obligation is to be specified: 
Initially the [insert if the guarantee is the Reference 
Obligation: guarantee of the] [select: [bond][loan][other 
obligation]] specified below, subject to the Calculation 
Agent's ability to select and/or replace the Reference 
Obligation from time to time in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 13: 
(a) Primary Obligor: [specify] 
(b) Guarantor: [specify] 
(c) Maturity: [specify] 
(d) Coupon: [specify] 
(e) CUSIP/ISIN: [specify].] 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
Seniority Level: [Senior Level][Subordinated Level][As 
set out in Credit Linked Condition 13]] 
(Where Standard Reference Obligation is applicable and 
there is a Standard Reference Obligation when the Final 
Terms are signed, insert:) 
[Standard Reference Obligation: Applicable 
Seniority Level: [Senior Level][Subordinated Level][As 
set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
The Calculation Agent has the ability to select and/or 
replace the Reference Obligation from time to time in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 13.] 
[For Index Credit Linked Notes or Long/Short Credit 
Linked Notes where the Long Exposure and/or Short 
Exposure references an Index, insert:[Long Exposure]: As 
set out in Credit Linked Condition 13.] [Short Exposure: 
As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13.] 
 
(xv) 
All Guarantees: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure] [and ][Short Exposure]:] 
[As per the Physical Settlement Matrix][Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
 
 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][ and] [Short Exposure]:] 
[Provisions 
relating 
to 
Qualifying 
Guarantee 
and 
Underlying Obligation: Credit Linked Condition 17 
[Applicable][Not applicable]](delete if Physical Settlement 
Matrix applies) 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately) 
 
(xvi) 
Credit Events: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure] 
[and] 
[Short 
Exposure]:][As per the Physical Settlement Matrix] (delete 
remainder if Physical Settlement Matrix applies)

--- Page 341 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
341 
 
 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
 
[Grace Period Extension] [Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: Grace Period: [specify]] 
 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit Event: Credit 
Linked Condition 14: [Not applicable] (only include where 
the intention is to disapply Credit Linked Condition 14, 
otherwise delete line item) 
 
 
[Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation: Credit 
Linked Condition 15: [Applicable][Not applicable]] 
 
 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable 
Obligation: [Applicable][Not applicable]] 
 
 
[Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation: [Applicable][Not 
applicable]] 
 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately) 
 
(a) 
Default Requirement: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately) 
 
(b) 
Payment Requirement: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately) 
 
(xvii) 
Credit Event Determination Date: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Public Source(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 342 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
342 
 
 
 
Specified Number: 
[specify]] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately) 
 
(xviii) 
Obligation(s): 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
 
(a) 
Obligation Category: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] [As 
per the Physical Settlement Matrix][Payment] [Borrowed 
Money] [Reference Obligation Only] [Bond] [Loan] [Bond 
or Loan] 
 
 
(select one only) 
 
(b) 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] [As 
per the Physical Settlement Matrix][Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency: [specify currency/Standard Specified 
Currency] [Not Sovereign Lender] [Not Domestic 
Currency: [specify currency]] [Not Domestic Law] [Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
 
(select all of which apply) (For Long/Short Credit Linked 
Notes, if not the same for Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure, specify for each separately) 
 
(xix) 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Domestic Currency: 
[In respect of Long Exposure and Short Exposure:] [As set 
out 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions][Not 
applicable][specify] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately) 
 
(xxii) 
Merger Event: 
Credit Linked Condition 12: [Applicable][Not applicable] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, same must apply to 
both) 
 
 
[If applicable: [Merger Event Redemption Date:[specify]] 
 
 
[Merger Event Redemption Amount: [specify]] 
 
(xxiii) 
Provisions relating to Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entities: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
16: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable]][Credit Linked Condition 20 is Applicable] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately) 
 
(xxiv) 
Provisions relating to LPN Reference 
Entities: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
18: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable]][Credit Linked Condition 20 is Applicable] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each

--- Page 343 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
343 
 
 
separately) 
(xxv) 
Redemption on failure to identify a 
Substitute Reference Obligation: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (For Long/Short Credit 
Linked Notes, if not the same for Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure, specify for each separately) 
 
(xxvi) 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Terms: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [Credit Linked Condition 20 
is Applicable] (For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not 
the same for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify 
for each separately) 
 
(xxvii) Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [Credit Linked Condition 20 
is Applicable] (For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes, if not 
the same for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify 
for each separately) 
 
(xxviii) Additional Provisions: 
[The [specify additional provisions] are applicable and for 
such purposes Credit Linked Condition 20 shall apply][Not 
applicable] 
 
Terms relating to Cash Settlement 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable as 
Settlement Method or Fallback Settlement 
Method)(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes 
repeat as necessary if different) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
 
(xxix) 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
[Single Valuation Date: [specify] Business Days] 
 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: [specify] Business Days; and 
each [specify] Business Days thereafter; Number of 
Valuation Dates: [specify]] 
 
(xxx) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Credit Linked Condition 13] 
 
(xxxi) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(xxxii) Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market][As per Credit Linked Condition 
13] 
 
(xxxiii) Quotation Amount: 
[specify][Representative 
Amount][Credit 
Linked 
Conditions apply] 
 
(xxxiv) Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
 
(xxxv) Quotation Dealers: 
[specify] 
 
(xxxvi) Quotations: 
[Include Accrued Interest][Exclude Accrued Interest] 
 
(xxxvii) Valuation Method: 
[Market][Highest] 
 
 
[Average Market/Highest][Average Highest]

--- Page 344 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
344 
 
 
 
[Blended Market][Blended Highest] 
 
 
[Average Blended Market][Average Blended Highest] 
 
 
[As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
 
Additional terms relating to Auction Settlement 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable as 
Settlement Method or Fallback Method)(For 
Long/Short Credit Linked Notes repeat as 
necessary if different) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
 
(xxxviii) Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement][Physical Delivery] 
 
(xxxix)Successor Backstop Date subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Business 
Day Convention: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(xl) 
Limitation Dates subject to adjustment 
in accordance with Business Day 
Convention: 
[Yes][No] 
 
Terms relating to Physical Delivery 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable as 
Settlement Method or Fallback Settlement 
Method but note may be needed for Auction 
elections in which case do not delete) 
 
 
(xli) 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[specify] Business Days][Not applicable][As per Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
 
(xlii) 
Accrued Interest on Entitlement: 
[Include Accrued Interest][Exclude Accrued Interest][Not 
applicable] 
 
(xliii) 
Settlement Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xliv) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
(a) 
Deliverable Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment] [Borrowed Money] [Reference Obligation 
Only] [Bond] [Loan] [Bond or Loan][As per the Physical 
Settlement Matrix][Not applicable] 
 
 
(select one only) 
 
(b) 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not 
Subordinated][Specified 
Currency: 
[specify 
currency/Standard Specified Currency] [Not Sovereign 
Lender] [Not Domestic Currency: [specify currency]] [Not 
Domestic Law] [Not Domestic Issuance] [Assignable 
Loan] 
[Consent 
Required 
Loan] 
[Direct 
Loan 
Participation] [Transferable] [Listed] [specify]] [Maximum 
Maturity: [  ] years] [Accelerated or Matured] [Not 
Bearer][As per the Physical Settlement Matrix] [Not 
applicable] 
 
(xlv) 
Asset Package Delivery: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] [As per Physical Settlement 
Matrix]

--- Page 345 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
345 
 
 
(xlvi) 
Additional Deliverable Obligation(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
(a) 
Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
(b) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(c) 
Delivery provisions for 
Entitlement if different from 
General Conditions and Credit 
Linked Conditions: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
(xlvii) 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Fully 
Transferable 
Obligation 
Applicable: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(xlviii) Modified Restructuring Limitation and 
Conditionality Transferable Obligation 
Applicable: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(xlix) 
Reference Obligation Only Termination 
Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(To be specified for the purposes of Credit Linked 
Condition 21 for Reference Obligation Only Notes relating 
to a single Reference Entity issued pursuant to Annex 8.) 
 
(l) 
Qualifying Participation Seller: 
[insert] [Not applicable] 
 
Terms relating to Zero/Set Recovery Notes 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable)  
[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
 
(li) 
Set/Zero Recovery Price: 
[Insert percentage in relation to each Reference Entity, 
which may be zero] 
 
[Terms relating to Tranched Linear Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes] 
[Terms 
related 
to 
Tranched Linear Basket Exposure] 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable) 
[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
 
(lii) 
H: 
[Insert number of Reference Entities that are equal to the 
higher tranche level] 
 
(liii) 
L: 
[Insert number of Reference Entities that are equal to the 
lower tranche level] 
 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes where the 
Long Exposure and/or Short Exposure references 
a Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, repeat as 
necessary)

--- Page 346 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
346 
 
 
[Terms relating to Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Notes][Terms related to Tranched Index 
Exposure]: 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable)  
[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
 
(liv) 
Attachment Point: 
[specify] 
 
(lv) 
Exhaustion Point: 
[specify] 
 
 
(lvi) 
Determination 
of 
Aggregate 
Loss 
Percentage: 
[Zero Recovery][FP Recovery] 
 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes where the 
Long Exposure and/or Short Exposure references 
a Tranched Index Exposure, repeat as necessary) 
 
 
[Terms relating to Basket Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Notes][Terms related to Basket 
Tranched Index Exposure]: 
(Repeat in respect of each Basket Tranched Index 
Component or use Tranched Index Component 
Numbering as appropriate) 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable) 
[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
 
(lvii) 
Basket Tranched Index Components: 
The following Basket Tranched Index Component(s) [(k)] 
(from [k] = 1 to [k]=[specify]) will apply: 
For [k]=1] Index:[specify] 
For [k]=[specify] Index:[specify] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(See paragraphs 40(i)(d) and (e) above) 
 
(lviii) 
Exhaustion Point: 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=1:[specify]  
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=[specify]: 
[specify]  
 
(lix) 
Component Weighting: 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=1:[specify]  
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=[specify]: 
[specify]  
 
(lx) 
Index: 
[specify] 
 
(lxi) 
Determination 
of 
Aggregate 
Loss 
Percentage: 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=[ ][Zero 
Recovery][FP Recovery]

--- Page 347 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
347 
 
 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Notes where the 
Long Exposure and/or Short Exposure references 
a Basket Tranched Index Exposure, repeat as 
necessary) 
 
 
Terms relating to Long/Short Credit Linked 
Notes: 
 
 
(lxii) 
Long Exposure: 
[specify] [Single Reference Entity Exposure] [First-to-
Default Exposure] [Nth-to-Default Exposure] [Non-
Tranched Linear Basket Exposure] [Non-Tranched Index 
Exposure] [Tranched Linear Basket Exposure] [Tranched 
Index Exposure] or [Basket Tranched Index Exposure] 
 
(lxiii) 
Short Exposure: 
[specify] [Single Reference Entity Exposure] [First-to-
Default Exposure] [Nth-to-Default Exposure] [Non-
Tranched Linear Basket Exposure] [Non-Tranched Index 
Exposure] [Tranched Linear Basket Exposure] [Tranched 
Index Exposure] or [Basket Tranched Index Exposure] 
 
(lxiv) 
Long Nominal Exposure Percentage: 
[specify] 
 
(lxv) 
Short Nominal Exposure Percentage: 
[specify] 
 
(lxvi) 
LLM: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
(lxvii) 
SLM: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
 
(lxiii) 
[Determination 
of 
Aggregate 
Loss 
Percentage:] 
[[Zero Recovery][FP Recovery]] (Delete if Long Exposure 
or Short Exposure is neither Tranched Index Exposure nor 
Basket Tranched Index Exposure) 
 
41. Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(In respect of Credit Linked Notes) [, subject to the 
provisions 
of 
the 
paragraph 
"Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption" and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] 
(ii) 
Subject Currency/Currencies: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] 
[and EM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions apply to such 
Subject Currency] 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][see table below] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
(v) 
[Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)][Redemption 
Valuation 
[specify][Not applicable] 
42

--- Page 348 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
348 
 
 
Period(s)]: 
(vi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table above] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
(vii) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Provisions do not apply to a 
Settlement Currency: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferibility] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Not applicable] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where Non-
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different Disruption 
Events (or components thereof) also apply thereto) 
(e) 
[Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption:]  
[specify][five][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a Basket]][Not 
applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining the Settlement 
Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Note Condition 7 
[and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where more 
than one Subject Currency]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
EM Scheduled Trading Day Jurisdiction: [specify] 
(b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption]

--- Page 349 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
349 
 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] per 
cent.  
EM Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined 
as set out in the definition of Settlement Price] 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First Fallback 
Reference Price [and]][EM Second Fallback 
Reference Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Events (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(c) 
EM Disruption Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(d) 
EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(e) 
EM Cumulative Events: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable 
and 
EM 
Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM

--- Page 350 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
350 
 
 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(f) 
EM Number of Settlement 
Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement 
Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][EM Settlement Days] 
[specify] 
(ix) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
 
[Not applicable] [As per the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Conditions] [The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Hedging Disruption][Increased Cost of Hedging] [Trade 
Date means [specify]] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(insert where Change in Law does not apply) 
 
(x) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
the 
Occurrence of a Disruption Event: 
 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
42. Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Note Provisions shall apply 
for the purpose of determining the Reference Item Rate on 
the basis of elections in this paragraph.] 
(If more than one Reference Rate is to be determined, 
include the following language: "Reference Rate [specify] 
is as follows:" and repeat items (i) to (vi) below for each 
such Reference Item Rate) 
 
(i) 
Screen-Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Item Rate: 
[specify period][month][year][LIBOR][EURIBOR][CMS 
Rate with a Designated Maturity of [insert years]][specify 
Government Bond Yield Rate][specify TEC Rate][ with a 
Designated Maturity of [insert years]] 
 
(b) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify]  
(e.g. Second London business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or euro 
LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if Sterling 
LIBOR and the second day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR or euro LIBOR). Where the Rate of Interest is 
being used other than for a Floating Rate Note, ensure 
that this is not specified in respect of an Interest Period 
and the relevant Range Accrual Day may be specified 
where relevant for Range Accrual Notes

--- Page 351 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
351 
 
 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify]  
(which will be 11:00 am, London time, in the case of 
LIBOR, or 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify]  
(In the case of EURIBOR if not Reuters EURIBOR01) 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Floating Rate Option:  
[specify] 
 
(b) 
Designated Maturity:  
[specify] 
 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate 1 minus Reference Item Rate 
2[Not applicable]  
[See paragraph [specify][above][below] 
(iv) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable]  
(v) 
Range Accrual Cut-Off Date: 
[specify][See paragraph [specify][above][below] 
(vi) 
Business Days: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of 
determining the Reference Item Rate only, "Business 
Day" means [a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [specify] 
[A Target Settlement Day][ [a "U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day", being any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry 
and 
Financial 
Markets 
Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for the purposes 
of trading in U.S. government securities.) 
[Not applicable] 
43. Combination Note Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(Applicable in relation to Reference Item Notes linked 
to a combination of types of Reference Items) 
 
(If applicable, complete relevant prompts from 
Paragraphs 35 to 42 above) 
44. Provisions applicable to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Instalment Amounts: 
[specify] [per Calculation Amount]

--- Page 352 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
352 
 
 
[The Credit Linked Conditions are [not] applicable to 
the [first, second, etc] Instalment Amount(s)][Note: 
include where the Notes are Credit Linked Instalment 
Notes but where the Instalment Amounts are not 
subject to the Credit Linked provisions] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Instalment Dates: 
[specify] 
45. Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery: 
[Applicable][in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions and paragraph [40] above] [where the 
Issuer has exercised its option to vary settlement 
pursuant to the application of Variation of Settlement 
per paragraph 47 below][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable or the Notes are Credit Linked Notes 
to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Entitlement Amount: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
definitions from Payout Condition 4][A nominal 
amount of the Relevant Asset equal to [specify]] [An 
amount per Calculation Amount equal to [specify]] 
(ii) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[specify] 
(for bonds, include the following as applicable:) 
[ISIN: [specify]] 
[Issuer: [specify]] 
[Maturity: [specify]] 
[Coupon: [specify]] 
(iii) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable:[specify]][Standard Unwind Costs][Not 
applicable] 
(iv) 
Cut-off Date: 
[specify][As specified in General Condition 5(b)]  
(v) 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[specify] 
(vi) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Banco 
Bilbao 
Vizcaya 
Argentaria, 
S.A.][Dealer][specify] of [specify address] 
(vii) 
Assessed Value Payment Amount: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
46. Provisions applicable to Partly Paid Notes: 
[Applicable in accordance with General Condition 
6(g)][Not applicable] 
[(The Notes will be subscribed at the Part Payment 
Amount(s) and on the Part Payment Date(s) specified 
in paragraph 4 above to the account specified to the 
noteholders for such purpose by the Paying Agent on 
behalf of the Issuer. Noteholders shall make available 
to the Paying Agent the funds [five] Business Days 
prior to the dates specified in paragraph 4 above.)]

--- Page 353 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
353 
 
 
(Applicable in relation to Partly Paid Notes) 
47. Variation of Settlement: 
The Issuer [has][does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes as set out in General 
Condition 5(b)(ii) [The minimum period of notice is 
[specify]][and][the maximum period of notice is 
[specify]] 
48. Payment Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
49. Form of Notes: 
[Book-Entry Notes: [Uncertificated, dematerialised 
book-entry form notes (anotaciones en cuenta) 
registered with Iberclear(Plaza de la Lealtad, 1, 28014 
Madrid)][other] [as managing entity of the Central 
Registry][other registry]][other]. 
[Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note which is exchangeable 
for definitive Bearer Notes [on 60 days' notice given at 
any 
time/only 
upon 
an 
Exchange 
Event 
[including/excluding] the exchange event described in 
paragraph (iii) of the definition in the Permanent 
Global Note]]2222 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]2323 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
definitive Notes [on 60 days' notice given at any 
time/only 
upon 
an 
Exchange 
Event 
[including/excluding] the exchange event described in 
paragraph (iii) of the definition in the Permanent 
Global Note]]]2424 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Regulation S Global Note [specify nominal amount] 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/ a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/ a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS))]][Registered Global 
Note [specify nominal amount] registered in the name 
of a nominee for [DTC/ a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure (NSS))][Rule 
144A 
Global 
Note 
[specify 
nominal 
amount] 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC/ a 
 
22  
In relation to any Tranche of Notes which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples of 
EUR 1,000 the Global Note will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder. 
23  
In relation to any Tranche of Notes which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples of 
EUR 1,000 the Global Note will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder. 
24  
In relation to any Tranche of Notes which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples of 
EUR 1,000 the Global Note will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder.

--- Page 354 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
354 
 
 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/ a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping 
Structure 
(NSS)))][Definitive 
IAI 
Registered 
Notes 
[specify 
nominal 
amounts]][Registered Notes in definitive form [specify 
nominal amounts]]] 
[CREST Depository Instruments: 
CREST Depository Interests ("CREST Depository 
Interests") representing the Notes may also be issued 
in accordance with the usual procedures of Euroclear 
UK & Ireland Limited ("CREST").] 
50. New Global Note:25
25 
[Yes][No] (Note that Book-Entry Notes are not New 
Global Notes) 
51. (i) 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Not applicable][give details] 
(ii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not applicable] [specify](Note that this paragraph 
relates to the place of payment and not interest period 
end dates.  All relevant Financial Centre(s) (including 
the location of the relevant agent(s)) should be 
included other than Target) 
52. Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to definitive Notes (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes as the Notes have more than 27 Coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 Coupons are still to be 
made][No] 
53. Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not applicable][The provisions in General Condition 
8 apply] 
[Only applicable for Notes denominated in European 
currency except for Euro] 
54. Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared, "Applicable" should be specified) 
55. Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
56. Sales outside EEA and UK only: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
25  
You should only elect "yes" opposite "New Global Note" if you have elected "yes" to the section in Part B under the heading 
"Operational Information" entitled "Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility".

--- Page 355 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
355 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms and 
declare that the information contained in these Final Terms is, to the best of their knowledge, in accordance with 
the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. [Insert relevant third party information] has been 
extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: _________________________  
By: _________________________  
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 356 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
356 
 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [AIAF] [specify other Spanish 
regulated market or MTF] [with effect from [specify]].] 
(insert specific language required by Stock Exchange/ 
Listing Authority/MTF)  
 
(Indicate in the case of a fungible issue that original 
Notes are already admitted to trading unless the 
minimum denomination of the Notes is €100,000 or 
more (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as at 
the date of issue) and the Notes are Derivative 
Securities) 
Estimated of total expense related to 
admission of trading: 
[specify] 
(Delete if the minimum denomination is less 
than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency as at the date of issue) or if 
the Notes are Derivative Securities) 
 
2 
Ratings 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes have not been rated.] 
 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been][are expected to 
be]] rated:] 
 
[S&P Global:*[specify]] 
 
[Moody's:*[specify]] 
 
[Other*]: [specify] 
(Please include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the above ratings if this has previously been published 
by the relevant rating provider). 
(Delete the rest of this paragraph 2 unless 
the Notes are to be listed on a regulated 
market) 
[[Inserting rating agency] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). [As such [[Insert rating 
agency] is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with such 
Regulation.]] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency entity] is not established in the European Union 
and is not registered in accordance with Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). [Insert the legal 
name of relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is 
therefore not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with

--- Page 357 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
357 
 
 
such Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert legal name of relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency entity] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA 
Regulation"). The ratings have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU-registered 
credit rating agency entity] in accordance with CRA 
Regulation. [Insert the legal name of the relevant EU-
registered credit rating agency entity] is established in 
the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU-registered credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.] The 
European Securities Markets Authority has indicated 
that 
ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico 
(delete as appropriate)] which have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating 
agency entity that applied for registration] may be used 
in the EU by the relevant market participants.] 
 
[[Insert legal name of relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency entity] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA 
Regulation"), but it [[is]/[has applied to be]] certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation [[[EITHER:] and 
it is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority and [insert 
the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
"CRA Regulation"). However, the application for

--- Page 358 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
358 
 
 
registration under the CRA Regulation of [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency 
entity that applied for registration], which is established 
in the European Union, disclosed the intention to 
endorse credit ratings of [insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity][, although 
notification of the corresponding registration decision 
has not yet been provided by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is not included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation].] The 
European Securities Markets Authority has indicated 
that 
ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico 
(delete as appropriate)] which have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating 
agency entity that applied for registration] may be used 
in the EU by the relevant market participants.]]26
26] 
3 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
(Description of any interest, including conflicting interest, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. This may be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement:)  
(i) Save for any fee paid to the Dealer (if applicable, such fee shall be as set out in paragraph 4 below) 
[and/or any fee  or other inducement paid to the distributor (if any)], so far as the Issuer is aware no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. [For specific and detailed 
information on the nature and quantity of the fee or inducement  paid to the distributor (if any) the 
investor should contact the distributor.]  
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
(ii) Dealer commission [Specify]//[Not applicable] 
4 
[Reasons for the Offer,] 27 Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses27
28 
(i) 
Reasons for the Offer 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus] 
[Green 
Projects][Social 
Projects][Sustainability 
Projects][Sustainable Portfolio] [specify] 
[specify] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[specify] 
 
26  
Repeat for each credit rating. 
27  
Delete in case the Reason for the Offer are not to be “green”, “social” or “sustainability” purposes, or for the “maintenance of a 
Sustainable Portfolio”. 
27  
Delete this section for Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or higher (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as at the date 
of issue) and which are not derivative securities.

--- Page 359 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
359 
 
 
 
(Include breakdown of expenses into each principal 
intended "use", presented in order of priority of such 
"uses") 
5 
Yield28
29 
Indication of yield: 
[specify] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price.][The yield is calculated at the Issue 
Date by [insert method of yield calculation] on the basis 
of [insert yield calculation hypothesis]] It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
6 
Historic Rates of Interest - Floating Rate Notes Only29
30 
Details of historic [LIBOR][EURIBOR] [specify CMS Rate] rates can be obtained from [Reuters and/or 
Bloomberg] 
7 
[Performance of [Index][Share][Inflation][Foreign Exchange Rate][ETF][Fund][Reference 
Entity/Entities][Formula][Reference Item Rate], Explanation of Effect on Value of Investment 
and Other Information concerning the Underlying30
31 
(Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
index/formula/rates/reference entity/exchange traded fund/fund/other variable can be obtained by 
electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge and a clear and comprehensive 
explanation on how the value of the investment is affected by the underlying and the circumstances 
where the risk is most evident.) 
[Where the underlying is an index, include the name of the index and details of where the information 
about the index can be obtained.] 
[Where the underlying is a security, include the name of the issuer of the security and the ISIN or 
equivalent identification number.] 
[Where the underlying is a basket of underlying, include the relevant weightings of each underlying in 
the basket.] 
[Where the underlying is a Reference Entity or a Reference Obligation, include the name of the 
Reference Entity, its address, country of incorporation, industry or industries in which the Reference 
Entity (or the issuer of the Reference Obligation) operates and the name of the market in which its 
securities are admitted.]31
32 
(Need to include a description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events that affect the 
underlying and any adjustment rules in relation to events concerning the underlying (if applicable).) 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information] 
8 
Operational Information 
 
 
28  
Delete this section in the case of Notes which are derivative securities for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
29  
Delete this section in the case of Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as at 
the date of issue). 
30  
Required for derivative securities 
31 
Include when the Reference Entity or the Issuer of the Reference Obligation has securities already admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market and the CLN comprises of a single Reference Entity or 
Obligation or in case of a pool of Reference Entities or Obligation in which the Reference Entity or the Reference Obligation 
represents a 20% or more of the pool.

--- Page 360 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
360 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
CUSIP: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Other Code(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(a) 
[Valoren Code: 
[specify][Not applicable]] 
(b) 
[CFI:3233 
[specify][Not applicable]] 
(c) 
[FISN:32 
[specify][Not applicable]] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Iberclear, Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
DTC 
approved by the Issuer and the 
Principal Paying Agent and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not applicable][give name(s)][The Notes will also be 
eligible for CREST via the issue of CREST Depository 
Interests representing the Notes] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
[Delivery [against][free of] payment] [Not applicable]  
(vii) 
Additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as Common Safekeeper [, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as Common Safekeeper,] [include this text for 
registered Notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
[No.][Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes]. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
(NB if "yes" selected the bearer Notes must be issued in 
NGN form) 
 
32 Only to be included if required by the relevant stock exchange for reference data reporting purposes.

--- Page 361 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
361 
 
 
9 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
9.1 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated] (if non-syndicated delete 
paragraph 9.2] 
9.2 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses] 
of 
Managers 
[and 
underwriting commitments/quotas 
(material features): 
[Not applicable][give names [and addresses] of each 
entity acting as underwriter [and its respective 
underwriting commitments]] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers. Where not all of the issue is underwritten, 
please include information about portion not covered) 
(ii) 
Date/Description of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[insert details][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
(iv) 
[Total (underwriting and placing) 
commission]33
34 
[Not applicable][give name] 
[specify] [[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount] 
9.3 
If non-syndicated, name [and address] of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not applicable][give name [and address]] 
 
[The Issuer reserves the right to appoint other 
distributors during the Offer Period, which will be 
communicated to investors by means of a notice 
published as specified in paragraph [specify].]  
 
[No underwriting commitment is undertaken by the 
Distributor.] 
9.4 
[U.S. Selling Restrictions34
35: 
[The Notes are only for offer and sale outside the 
United States in offshore transactions to persons that are 
not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered, sold, transferred, 
pledged, delivered, redeemed, directly or indirectly, at 
any time within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, or by, any U.S. person. 
 
Each initial purchaser of the Notes and each subsequent 
purchaser or transferee of the Notes shall be deemed to 
have agreed with the issuer or the seller of such 
Securities that (i) it will not at any time offer, sell, resell 
or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Securities so 
purchased in the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, any U.S. person or to others for offer, sale, 
resale or delivery, directly or indirectly, in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. 
person and (ii) it is not purchasing any Securities for the 
 
33 
 Delete this section in the case of Notes with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as at 
the date of issue).  
34 
In no event Notes to be offered or sold in the United States will be Book-Entry Notes.

--- Page 362 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
362 
 
 
account or benefit of any U.S. person.] 
 
(include the preceding two paragraphs for issuance of 
Bearer Notes pursuant to Regulation S) 
 
[No Notes may be offered, sold, pledged, or otherwise 
transferred except (i) to the Issuer or any subsidiary 
thereof, (ii) pursuant to a registration statement that has 
become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), (iii) to a "Qualified 
Institutional Buyer" (within the meaning of Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) in compliance 
with Rule 144A, who is also a "qualified purchaser" 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United 
States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 
(the "1940 Act") and the rules and regulations 
thereunder ("QP"), (iv) to a person that is not a U.S. 
person in an offshore transaction complying with the 
requirements of Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act or (v) pursuant to an exemption 
from registration under the Securities Act (if 
available).] 
 
(include the preceding two paragraphs for issuance of 
Registered Global Notes pursuant to Rule 144A) 
 
Reg. S Compliance Category [2]; [TEFRA D][TEFRA 
C][TEFRA not applicable] (NB: Notes which will be 
represented by CREST Depository Interests to be 
TEFRA C) 
[The Notes are Specified Securities (within the meaning 
of Section 6045(g)(3)(B) of the United States Code] 
(Include where necessary for the purposes of the HIRE 
Act)35
36 
9.5 
U.S. "Original Issue Discount" Legend36
37: 
[Not applicable] [FOR PURPOSES OF ORIGINAL 
ISSUE DISCOUNT RULES UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, 
THIS NOTE HAS ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT OF 
[currency][amount] PER EACH [currency][amount] OF 
NOMINAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE; THE ISSUE 
PRICE OF THIS NOTE IS [currency][amount]; THE 
ISSUE DATE IS [date]; AND THE YIELD TO 
MATURITY (COMPOUNDED [semi-annually]) IS 
[yield].] 
 
(include the preceding legend if the Notes are to be 
issued pursuant to Rule 144a and are issued with an 
"original issue discount" for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes). 
9.6 
Non-Exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable](if not applicable, delete 
the remaining placeholders of this paragraph 9.6 and 
also paragraph 10 below). 
 
35  
To be considered if necessary. Might become necessary if there is an equity linked note issued that references a U.S. equity. 
36 
In no event Notes to be offered or sold in the United States will be Book-Entry Notes

--- Page 363 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
363 
 
 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[specify Relevant State(s) where the Issuer intends to 
make Non-exempt Offers (where the Base Prospectus 
lists the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, select from 
that list), which must therefore be jurisdictions where 
the Base Prospectus and any supplements have been 
passported (in addition to the jurisdiction where 
approved and published)] 
Offer Period: 
[specify date] until [specify date or a formula such as 
"the Issue Date" or "the date which falls [specify] 
Business Days thereafter"] 
Financial intermediaries granted specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the Conditions in it: 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries/ Authorised Offeror receiving consent 
(specific consent)] 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a non- 
exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such offer 
should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until those 
requirements have been met. Non-exempt offers may 
only be made into jurisdictions in which the Base 
Prospectus (and any supplement) has been notified / 
passported.) 
10 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer37
38 
 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [specify] (If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) [The Notes will be offered to the public in each Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions in 
accordance with the arrangements listed below.] 
10.1 
Offer Price: 
[Not applicable][See 10.11 below][give details] 
10.2 
[Conditions to which the offer is subject:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
 
[Offers of the Notes are conditional on their issue and 
are subject to such conditions as are set out in the 
[Distribution Agreement], As between Dealers and their 
customers (including Authorised Offerors) or between 
Authorised Offerors and their customers offers of the 
Notes are further subject to such conditions as may be 
agreed between them and/or as is specified in any 
arrangements in place between them.] 
10.3 
[Description of the application process]: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.4 
[Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application]: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.5 
[Description 
of 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.6 
[Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
(NB: Under normal circumstances, on the Issue Date, 
allocated Notes will he made available to the 
Dealer(s)/Authorised Offerors in such account as may 
 
37  
Delete in respect of Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency)

--- Page 364 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
364 
 
 
be held by them directly or indirectly at Euroclear or 
Clearstream. Luxembourg.) 
10.7 
[Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
(If applicable (i) specify dale on which the final size of 
the issue will be made public and (ii) insert specific 
details in respect of the method of publication 
(including, 
where 
relevant, 
details 
of 
any 
advertisements to be published).) 
10.8 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights 
and treatment of subscription rights not 
exercise:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.9 
[Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.10 
Indication of the expected price at which the 
Notes will be offered or the method of 
determining the price and the process for its 
disclosure: 
[Not applicable] [The Issuer had offered and will sell 
the Notes to the Dealer(s) (and no one else) at the Issue 
Price of [specify] [less a total commission of [specify]]. 
The Dealer(s) and Authorised Offerors will offer and 
sell the Notes to their customers in accordance with the 
arrangements in place between each such Dealer and its 
customers (including the Authorised Offerors) or each 
such Authorised Offeror and its customers by reference 
to the Issue Price and the market conditions prevailing 
at the time.] 
10.11 
[Process for notification to applications of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether 
dealing 
may 
begin 
before 
notification is made:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
[Prospective Noteholders will be notified by the 
relevant 
Dealer(s) 
and 
Authorised 
Offeror 
in 
accordance with the arrangements in place between 
such Dealer(s) or Authorised Offeror and its customers. 
Any dealing in the Notes, which take place will be at 
the risk of the prospective Noteholders.] 
10.12 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.13 
[Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place.] 
[The Authorised Offerors are identified in 9.6 above 
and identifiable from the Base Prospectus]/[None]/[give 
details]. 
11 
[Benchmark Regulation 
 
[[Include if applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to [specify 
benchmark], which is provided by [administrator legal name]] [repeat as necessary]. As at the date of 
these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] does/do not appear] (each a "Non-registered 
Administrator") and [administrator legal name] [does/do] appear in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
As far as the Issuer is aware each Non-Registered Administrator is either not required to be authorised 
or registered by virtue of (i) Article 2 of the BMR; or (ii) the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
BMR, as applicable, such that each Non-Registered Administrator is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union or the United Kingdom,

--- Page 365 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
365 
 
 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]]38
39 
12 
[Index/Other Disclaimer39
40 
 
[The Notes are not sponsored, recommended, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index or the Index 
Sponsor. The Index Sponsor does not make any representations, whether express or implied, regarding 
the results to be obtained from using their Index or the level at which an Index may stand at any 
particular time or any particular date or otherwise, nor its suitability. Further, the Index Sponsor will 
not have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) for any inaccuracy in the data on which the 
Index is based, for any mistakes, errors, or omissions in the calculation and/or dissemination of the 
Index, or for the manner in which it is applied in the Notes or the offering thereof. The Issuer shall not 
have any liability for any act of failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation 
adjustment or maintenance of the Index. None of the Issuer or its affiliates has any affiliation with or 
control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or 
dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the 
Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this 
information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made and 
no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, 
completeness and timeliness of information concerning the Index.] 
(Insert unless the relevant Index has a bespoke disclaimer, in which case, substitute for such bespoke 
disclaimer)  
[IHS Markit Index Disclaimer 
The Index Annex which is specified in these Final Terms in relation to the Notes (for the purposes of 
this disclaimer only, a "Credit Index"), is the property of Markit Indices Limited (the "Index 
Sponsor") and has been licensed for use in connection with the Notes. Each of the Noteholders 
acknowledges and agrees that the Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, or promoted by the Index 
Sponsor. The Index Sponsor makes no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, and 
hereby expressly disclaims all warranties (including, without limitation, those of the merchantability or 
fitness for a particular purpose or use), with respect to the Credit Index or any data included therein or 
relating thereto, and in particular disclaims any warranty either as to the quality, accuracy and/or 
completeness of the Credit Index or any data included therein, the results obtained from the use of the 
Credit Index and/or the composition of the Credit Index at any particular time on any particular date or 
otherwise and/or the creditworthiness of any entity, or the likelihood of the occurrence of a credit event 
or similar event (however defined) with respect to an obligation, in the Credit Index at any particular 
time on any particular date or otherwise. The Index Sponsor shall not be liable (whether in negligence 
or otherwise) to the parties or any other person for any error in the Credit Index, and the Index Sponsor 
is under no obligation to advise the parties or any person of any error therein. The Index Sponsor 
makes no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or 
selling the Notes, the ability of the Credit Index to track relevant markets' performances, or otherwise 
relating to the Credit Index or any transaction or product with respect thereto, or of assuming any risks 
in connection therewith. The Index Sponsor has no obligation to take the needs of any party into 
consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Credit Index. No party purchasing or selling 
the Notes, nor the Index Sponsor shall have any liability to any party for any act or failure to act by the 
Index Sponsor in connection with the determination, adjustment, calculation or maintenance of the 
Credit Index. "iTraxx®", "Markit iTraxx® Europe" and any other Index using the title "Markit 
iTraxx® Europe" are service marks of Markit Indices Limited and have been licensed for use by the 
Issuer.] 
[[The Issuer is only offering to and selling to the Dealer(s) pursuant to and in accordance with the 
terms of the [Programme Agreement]. All sales to persons other than the Dealer(s) will be made by the 
Dealer(s) or persons to whom they sell, and/or otherwise make arrangements with, including the 
Financial Intermediaries. The Issuer shall not be liable for any offers, sales or purchase of Notes by the 
Dealer(s) or Financial Intermediaries in accordance with the arrangements in place between any such 
Dealer or any such Financial Intermediary and its customers.] 
 
38 
Delete this section 11 if Benchmark Regulation is not applicable. 
39 
Delete this section 12 if not required

--- Page 366 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
 
 
366 
 
 
[[Each [of] the Dealer(s) has acknowledged and agreed, and any Financial Intermediary will be 
required by the Dealer(s) to acknowledge and agree, that for the purpose of offer(s) of the Notes, the 
Issuer has passported the Base Prospectus in each of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions and will not 
passport the Base Prospectus into any other Relevant State; accordingly, the Notes may only be 
publicly offered in Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions or offered to Qualified Investors (as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) in any other Relevant State and that all offers of Notes by it will be made only 
in accordance with the selling restrictions set forth in the Prospectus and the provisions of these Final 
Terms and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.]40
41]. 
[Financial intermediaries seeking to rely on the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms to resell or place 
Notes as permitted by article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation must obtain prior written consent from the 
Issuer and the Guarantor; nothing herein is to be understood as a waiver of such requirement for prior 
written consent.]41
42 
 
 
 
 
 
40  
Delete unless for a public offer 
41  
Delete in respect of Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency)

--- Page 367 ---
367 
 
 
SUMMARY OF NOTES 
 
[Insert completed summary for the Notes, unless minimum denomination is equal to or greater than €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency)]

--- Page 368 ---
368 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be deposited with the Guarantor. 
The net proceeds from each issue will be used for loans and/or investments extended to, or made in, other 
companies and entities belonging to the Group (for this purpose, as defined in section 3:2 of the Dutch Financial 
Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) ("FMSA")). 
In addition, where the “Reasons for the Offer” in paragraph 4 of Part B of the applicable Final Terms are stated 
to be for “green”, “social” or “sustainability” purposes, or for the “maintenance of a Sustainable Portfolio” as 
described in this “Use of Proceeds” section the net proceeds from each such issue of Sustainable Notes will be 
used as so described. If specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from the issue of the 
relevant Notes will be used as so specified.  
Sustainable Notes issued under the Programme may be subject to the Guarantor’s Sustainable Development 
Goals 
(SDGs) 
Bond 
Framework 
(April 
2018) 
published 
on 
its 
website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com) (including as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise 
updated on such website from time to time, the "SDGs Bond Framework")) (the “SDG Notes”) or to the 
Guarantor’s Sustainable Transaction Banking Framework (December 2019) published on its website (available 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus at https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com), the "Sustainable 
Transaction Banking Framework” (the “ESG-Linked Notes”). 
For any Sustainable Notes, an amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Sustainable Notes will be 
separately identified and applied by the Guarantor in: 
(i) 
for the SDG Notes, financing or refinancing on a portfolio basis Green Projects and/or Social Projects 
(each as defined below and further described in the SDGs Bond Framework) (together, the 
"Sustainability Projects"), including the financing of new or future Sustainability Projects, and the 
refinancing of existing and on-going Sustainability Projects where originally financed within three 
years of the issue of the relevant Notes, all in accordance with the SDGs Bond Framework. In the case 
of Green Notes, such financing or refinancing shall be of Green Projects, in the case of Social Notes, 
such financing or refinancing shall be of Social Projects and, in the case of Sustainability Notes, such 
financing or refinancing shall be of Green Projects and Social Projects.  
"Green Projects" are projects where at least 80 per cent. of (i) the principal amount financed is for the 
financing of activities falling or (ii) the business of the borrower in respect of the relevant project falls, 
under the “green eligible categories” described in the SDGs Bond Framework of energy efficiency, 
sustainable transport, water, waste management and/or renewable energy, each as further described in 
the SDGs Bond Framework, and, at any time, include any other “green” projects in accordance with 
any update of the ICMA Green Bond Principles at such time.  
The "ICMA Green Bond Principles", at any time, are the Green Bond Principles published by the 
International Capital Markets Association at such time, which as of the date of this Base Prospectus are 
the 
Green 
Bond 
Principles 
2018 
(https://www.icmagroup.org/green-social-and-sustainability-
bonds/green-bond-principlesgbp/).  
"Social Projects" are projects where at least 80 per cent. of (i) the principal amount financed is for the 
financing of activities falling or (ii) the business of the borrower in respect of the relevant project falls, 
under the “social eligible categories” described in the SDGs Bond Framework of healthcare, education, 
SME financing and microfinancing, and/or affordable housing, each as further described in the SDGs 
Bond Framework, and, at any time, include any other “social” projects in accordance with any update 
of the ICMA Social Bond Principles at such time.  
The "ICMA Social Bond Principles", at any time, are the Social Bond Principles published by the 
International Capital Markets Association at such time, which as of the date of this Base Prospectus are 
the Social Bond Principles 2020 (https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Regulatory/Green-
Bonds/June-2020/Social-Bond-PrinciplesJune-2020-090620.pdf). The proceeds of any SDG Notes will 
not be used to finance nuclear power generation, large scale (above 20 megawatt) dam, defence, 
mining, carbon related or oil and gas activities.  
 
Pending the application of any net proceeds of SDG Notes in financing or refinancing the relevant 
Sustainability Projects, such proceeds will be applied by the Guarantor on the same basis as for the 
management of its liquidity portfolio. The Guarantor will endeavour to apply a percentage of the net 
proceeds of any SDG Notes in financing Sustainability Projects originated in the year of issue of such 
SDG Notes. In the event that any Sustainability Project to which the net proceeds of any SDG Notes

--- Page 369 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
 
 
369 
 
 
are allocated, ceases or will cease to comply with the relevant categories for such Sustainability Project 
to constitute a Green Project or a Social Project, as the case may be, the Guarantor will substitute that 
Sustainability Project within the relevant portfolio for a compliant Sustainability Project.  
Annually, 
the 
Guarantor 
will 
publish 
a 
report 
on 
its 
website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com) in respect of that Series of SDG Notes as described in the 
SDGs Bond Framework.  
The Guarantor has obtained an independent verification assessment from DNV GL Business Assurance 
Services Limited in respect of the SDGs Bond Framework. This independent verification assessment is 
published on the Guarantor’s website (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com). The Guarantor 
further intends to obtain an independent verification assessment from an external verifier for each 
benchmark Series of SDG Notes it issues and will publish that verification assessment on its website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com). In addition, the Guarantor may request, on an annual basis 
starting one year after the issue of each Series of SDG Notes and until maturity (or until redemption in 
full), a limited assurance report of the allocation of the net proceeds of those SDG Notes to Green 
Projects and/or Social Projects, as the case may be, which may be provided by its external auditor or 
another 
suitably 
qualified 
provider 
and 
published 
on 
its 
website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com). 
Neither the SDGs Bond Framework, nor any of the above reports, verification assessments or contents 
of any of the above websites are incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
(ii) 
for the  ESG-Linked Notes,  in maintaining the Guarantor’s Sustainable Portfolio (as defined below) in 
accordance with certain eligible criteria set out in the Sustainable Transaction Banking Framework. 
"Sustainable Portfolio" means the portfolio made up of bonds and shares issued by companies deemed 
sustainable based on the eligibility criteria set out in the Sustainable Transaction Banking Framework - 
Sustainability linked products.  
At every single moment, the sum of the volume of the proceeds of every outstanding product issued or 
marketed under the Sustainable Transaction Banking Framework shall not exceed the balance of the 
Sustainable Portfolio. A buffer will be established in order to ensure that the aforementioned balance of 
the Sustainable Portfolio is always greater than the sum of the volume of the proceeds of all the 
outstanding products issued or marketed under the Sustainable Transaction Banking Framework.  
Annually, 
the 
Guarantor 
will 
publish 
a 
report 
on 
its 
website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com) in respect of the number, the industries and the 
geographies of the companies included in the Sustainable Portfolio as described in the Sustainable 
Transaction Banking Framework. 
The Guarantor has obtained an independent verification assessment from Vigeo SAS, in respect of the 
Sustainable Transaction Banking Framework. This independent verification assessment is published on 
the Guarantor’s website (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com). In addition to the independent 
verification assessment referred above, the Guarantor will request, on an annual basis, a limited 
assurance report of the allocation of the proceeds to its external auditor or another suitably qualified 
provider. 
Neither the SDGs Bond Framework, nor the Sustainable Transaction Banking Framework, nor any of 
the above reports, verification assessments or contents of any of the above websites are incorporated in 
or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 370 ---
370 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently in 
effect. The Issuer and the Guarantor take responsibility for the correct extraction and reproduction of the 
information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems, but none of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any 
Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the 
Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of 
the relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other party to the Agency Agreement 
will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account 
of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer and the Guarantor that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the 
New York Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a 
"clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" 
registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants 
("Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Participants of securities 
transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry 
changes in Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. 
Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and 
certain other organisations. DTC is owned by a number of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock 
Exchange, Inc., the NYSE MKT LLC, Inc. and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. Access to the 
DTC system is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that 
clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly 
("Indirect Participants"). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "Rules"), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect 
to Notes accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Notes") as described below and receives and 
transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Notes. The Rules are on file with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC 
Notes ("Owners") have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make book-entry 
transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, although 
Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess Registered 
Notes, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct 
Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
DTC Note ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participant's records. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are 
expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of 
their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the 
transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished by entries made on the 
books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates 
representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for 
the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the name 
of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the 
name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial 
Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts 
such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain 
responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed

--- Page 371 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
 
 
371 
 
 
by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time 
to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such 
issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes. Under its usual procedures, DTC 
mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns 
Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Notes are 
credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct 
Participants' accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC's 
records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due date. Payments by 
Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the 
case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name", and will be 
the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory 
requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the 
responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, 
and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect 
Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the 
DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their 
proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, will be legended as 
set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any 
Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as 
described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account holders. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration, 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established 
depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic 
bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. For further information on Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg relating to the Notes, please see "Taxation". 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its 
custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the individual 
beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who have accounts 
with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of 
beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants, including, in the case of a Regulation S Global Note, the respective depositaries of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will 
be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its 
nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect 
to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in US dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be 
made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note. In the case of any payment in a

--- Page 372 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
 
 
372 
 
 
currency other than US dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee 
and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such 
payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global Note in the currency in 
which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into US dollars 
and credited to the applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not 
receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial 
owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities 
held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility of 
DTC, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and 
interest, if any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of 
the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take 
physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in 
definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in 
turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented by a 
Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in 
the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange 
such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global 
Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the proposed 
transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a direct or indirect participant in the DTC 
system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one 
hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, 
will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the 
Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian ("Custodian") with whom the relevant Registered 
Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC will 
generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). Under Rule 15(c)6-1 of the 
Exchange Act, trades in the U.S. secondary market generally are required to settle in two business days ("T+2") 
(as such term is used for purposes of Rule 15(c) 6-1 of the U.S. Exchange Act), unless the parties to any such 
trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, purchasers who wish to trade Notes prior to delivery of such 
Notes will be required, by virtue of the fact that the notes initially will not settle in T+2, to specify an alternative 
settlement cycle at the time of such trade to prevent a failed settlement and should consult their own adviser. 
Purchasers of the Notes who wish to make such trades should consult their own advisors. The customary 
arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers.  
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC participants 
will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link 
between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests 
in the relevant Registered Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for 
delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee. In the case of 
cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC 
participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free 
delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders of 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to 
perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream,

--- Page 373 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
 
 
373 
 
 
Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes 
represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial interests. 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
Following their delivery into a clearing system, interests in Notes may be delivered, held and settled in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited ("CREST") by means of the creation of demateralised depository interests 
("CREST Depository Interests") representing the interests in the relevant Notes ("Underlying Securities"). 
The CREST Depository Interests will be issued by CREST Depository Limited or any successor thereto (the 
"CREST Depository") to holders of the CREST Depository Interests and will be constituted and governed by 
English law. CREST International Nominees Limited or another entity appointed to act as nominee in 
accordance with the CREST Deed Poll (as defined below) (the "CREST Nominee") will hold the legal title to 
the Underlying Securities and the direct enforcement right in respect of the Underlying Securities. 
The CREST Depository Interests will represent indirect interests in the interest of the CREST Nominee in the 
Underlying Securities. Pursuant to the documents setting out the legal relationship of CREST with its users and 
participants (the "CREST Manual"), Notes held in global form by the common depositary may be settled 
through CREST, and the CREST Depository will issue CREST Depository Interests. The CREST Depository 
Interests will be independent securities which may be held and transferred through CREST. 
Interests in the Underlying Securities will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and the 
CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CREST 
Depository Interests to the relevant CREST participants. 
Each CREST Depository Interest will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were one Underlying 
Security, for the purposes of determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. 
The CREST Depository will pass on to holders of CREST Depository Interests any interest or other amounts 
received by it as holder of the Underlying Securities on trust for such holder. Holders of CREST Depository 
Interests will also be able to receive from CREST notices of meetings of holders of Underlying Securities and 
other relevant notices issued by the Issuer. 
Transfers of interests in Underlying Securities by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be affected by cancellation of the CREST Depository Interests and transfer of an 
interest in such Notes underlying the CREST Depository Interests to the account of the relevant participant with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The CREST Depository Interests will have the same International 
Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") as the ISIN of the Underlying Securities and will not require a 
separate listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin or the Official List of the United Kingdom Listing 
Authority. 
Holders of CREST Depository Interests are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST International Manual (as 
contained in the CREST Manual) which contains the form of the CREST Deed Poll to be entered into by the 
CREST Depository (the "CREST Deed Poll"). The rights of the holder of CREST Depository Interests will be 
governed by the arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuer including 
the CREST Deed Poll executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may be different from those of holders 
of Notes which are not represented by CREST Depository Interests. 
If issued, CREST Depository Interests will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service (the "CREST International Settlement Links Service"). The 
settlement of the CREST Depository Interests by means of the CREST International Settlement Links Service 
has the following consequences for holders of CREST Depository Interests: 
(i)  
holders of CREST Depository Interests will not be the legal owners of the Underlying Securities. The 
CREST Depository Interests are separate legal instruments from the Underlying Securities to which 
they relate and represent an indirect interest in such Underlying Securities; 
(ii)  
the Underlying Securities themselves (as distinct from the CREST Depository Interests representing 
indirect interests in such Underlying Securities) will be held in an account with a custodian. The 
custodian will hold the Underlying Securities through a clearing system. Rights in the Underlying 
Securities will be held through custodial and depositary links through the appropriate clearing systems. 
The legal title to the Underlying Securities or to interests in the Underlying Securities will depend on 
the rules of the clearing system in or through which the Underlying Securities are held;

--- Page 374 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
 
 
374 
 
 
(iii)  
rights under the Underlying Securities cannot be enforced by holders of CREST Depository Interests 
except indirectly through the intermediary depositaries and custodians described above. The 
enforcement of rights under the Underlying Securities will therefore be subject to the local law of the 
relevant intermediary. The rights of holders of CREST Depository Interests to the Underlying 
Securities are represented by the entitlements against the CREST Depository which (through the 
CREST Nominee) holds interests in the Underlying Securities. This could result in an elimination or 
reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the Underlying Securities 
in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant intermediary, in particular where the 
Underlying Securities held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and are 
fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant 
intermediaries; 
(iv)  
the CREST Depository Interests issued to holders of CREST Depository Interests will be constituted 
and issued pursuant to the CREST Deed Poll. Holders of CREST Depository Interests will be bound by 
all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of or prescribed pursuant to, the CREST 
International Manual and the CREST Rules applicable to the CREST International Settlement Links 
Service (in each case as contained in the CREST Manual) and such holders must comply in full with all 
obligations imposed on them by such provisions; 
(v)  
the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and the CREST Manual (including for the avoidance of doubt 
the provisions of the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules) contain indemnities, 
warranties, representations and undertakings to be given by holders of CREST Depository Interests and 
limitations on the liability of the issuer of the CREST Depository Interests, being the CREST 
Depository; 
(vi)  
holders of CREST Depository Interests may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such 
indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. 
The attention of holders is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll and the CREST Manual 
(including for the avoidance of doubt the provisions of the CREST International Manual and the 
CREST Rules), copies of which are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB or 
by calling +44 (0) 207 849 0000 or from the CREST website at: https://www.euroclear.com/en.html; 
(vii)  
holders of CREST Depository Interests may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the 
CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision 
of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which 
may be or become payable in connection with the holding of the Notes through the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service; 
(viii)  
neither the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer nor any Agent will have any responsibility for the 
performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders 
of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations; and 
(ix) 
Notes issued in temporary global form exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global Note will not be 
eligible for CREST settlement as CREST Depository Interests. As such, investors investing in any such 
Underlying Securities through CREST Depository Interests will only receive the CREST Depository 
Interests after such Temporary Bearer Global Note is exchanged for a Permanent Bearer Global Note, 
which could take up to 40 days after the issue of the Notes. 
Iberclear 
Iberclear is the Spanish central securities depositary in charge of both the register of securities held in book-
entry form to be listed on a Spanish regulated market, and the clearing and settlement of all trades from the 
Spanish Stock Exchange, the Public Debt market, AIAF, certain Spanish MTF, and Latin American stock 
exchange denominated in euros (Latibex). 
Iberclear is owned by the group Bolsas y Mercados Españoles, Sociedad Holding de Mercados y Sistemas 
Finanacieros, S.A. a holding company which holds a 100 per cent. interest in the Spanish regulated markets, 
Bolsa de Madrid, Bolsa de Barcelona, Bolsa de Bilbao, Bolsa de Valencia, AIAF, Senaf, Latibex, Mercado 
Alternativo Bursátil and in the Spanish settlement systems BME Clearing and Iberclear. The clearance and 
settlement system of Iberclear and its members are responsible for maintaining records of purchases and sales 
under the book-entry system.

--- Page 375 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
 
 
375 
 
 
Iberclear maintains a registry reflecting the number of securities held by each of its member entities on its own 
behalf as well as the number of securities held on behalf of the third parties. Each member entity, in turn, 
maintains a registry of the owners of such securities. 
On the relevant date for payment of interest amounts in respect of debt securities, Iberclear credits to each 
participant entity an amount corresponding to the balance of the securities appearing in the records of the 
relevant participant entity on the day prior to the relevant payment date. 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by Book-Entries within Iberclear or a Book-Entry Depositary 
will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of Iberclear or the relevant 
clearing system, in accordance with the laws of Spain. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Book-Entry Notes described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between and directly or 
indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or Iberclear accountholders will be effected by the 
relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the relevant Registrar, the 
relevant Paying Agent and any custodian (Custodian) with whom the relevant Book-Entry Notes have been 
deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in Iberclear 
will generally have a settlement date two business days after the trade date (T+2). The customary arrangements 
for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or Iberclear will need to 
have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. 
Iberclear have published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in 
Book-Entry Notes between Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and/or Iberclear. However, they are under no 
obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or 
changed at any time. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any 
performance by Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or Iberclear or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations and none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made 
on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Book-Entry Notes or for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 376 ---
376 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V. 
Person Responsible 
The Issuer assumes responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  
Introduction 
BBVA Global Markets, B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid), was incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands on 29 October 2009 for an unlimited 
duration and with the purpose of issuing notes under the Programme in accordance with the objects clause 
contained in article 3 of the Deed of Incorporation of the Issuer dated 29 October 2009 which reads as follows: 
"The objects for which the Company is established are to raise finance through the issuance of bonds, notes, 
warrants, certificates and other debt instruments, and invest the funds raised in any kind of financial assets. For 
these purposes, the Company may enter into (i) derivative transactions or other hedging agreements, and (ii) 
other agreements with third parties in connection with the above object." 
The Issuer has its seat (zetel) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and its principal place of business at Calle 
Sauceda, 28, Edificio Asia, 28050 Madrid, Spain (tel: +34 913745123). The Issuer is registered in the trade 
register of the Netherlands Chamber of Commerce under number 34363108. The Issuer has its place of effective 
management and centre of principal interests in Spain. The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") of the Issuer is 
213800L2COK1WB5Q3Z55. 
Business 
The principal business of the Issuer is to raise funds on the capital and money markets to finance the business 
activities of, and enter into other financial agreements with, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries. 
The Issuer serves as a financing company for the purposes of the Group and is regularly engaged in different 
financing transactions within the limits set forth in its deed of incorporation (the "Deed of Incorporation"). The 
Issuer's objective is, among others, to arrange medium and long term financing for the Group and cost saving by 
grouping these activities. Because of its aforementioned purpose, the Issuer does not have any markets in which 
it competes and, therefore, the Issuer cannot make a statement regarding its competitive position in any markets. 
The Issuer is a financing company that is exempt from the licence requirements to operate as a bank pursuant to 
the exemption contained in section 3:2 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel 
toezicht) (the "FMSA"), as long as: 
(i) 
there is an unconditional guarantee from the Guarantor for the due and punctual payment of all amounts 
payable to the Holders that form part of the "public" (as defined in the FSMA), and the Guarantor's 
consolidated equity capital remains positive throughout the term of the guarantee; and 
(ii) 
at least 95 per cent. of its borrowings consist of loans and/or investments extended to, or made in, other 
companies and entities belonging to the Group (as defined in section 3:2 of the FMSA). 
History  
The Issuer has not previously carried on any business or carried on any activities other than (i) those incidental 
to its registration, the authorisation and issues of Notes contemplated in this Base Prospectus and the other 
matters described or contemplated in this Base Prospectus, (ii) the obtaining of all approvals and the effecting of 
all registrations and filings necessary or desirable for its business activities, and (iii) other securities issues 
including warrants and other structured notes.

--- Page 377 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V. 
 
377 
 
 
 
Ownership and Capital Structure 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is €90,000 divided into 900 ordinary shares of €100 each. The total 
issued and paid up share capital amounts to €18,000 consisting of 180 ordinary shares. The Issuer is a direct 
wholly-owned subsidiary of BBVA and does not have any subsidiaries of its own. BBVA is the holder of 100% 
of the voting rights of the Issuer and has appointed all of its Managing Directors. 
In addition, BBVA made a €19,000 share premium contribution to the Issuer on 21 November 2011 and a 
€53,000 share premium contribution to the Issuer on 19 December 2012. There are no preferential rights of 
shares or profit sharing certificates. There is no conditional share capital. The entire clause 4 of the Deed of 
Incorporation regarding the share capital reads as follows: 
"The authorised share capital of the Company is ninety thousand euro (EUR 90,000), divided into nine hundred 
(900) Shares, each with a par value of one hundred euro (EUR 100)." 
Financial Statements 
The Issuer has published audited financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 (the "Issuer's Financial Statements"). The Issuer's Financial Statements were prepared in 
accordance with EU-IFRS and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and are incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus (see page 50). Other than as described herein there has been no material change in the 
capitalisation of the Issuer. No dividends have been paid out by the Issuer since its incorporation. 
Income Statement  
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the Issuer's audited Financial Statements of profit 
or loss and other comprehensive income for the period ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
Thousands of euros 
31.12.2020 
(audited) 
31.12.2019(*) 
(audited) 
—Exchange rate differences ........................................................................................................ 
(7) 
(4) 
—Other operating income ........................................................................................................... 
327 
228 
—Other operating expenses ........................................................................................................ 
(333) 
(225) 
—Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or 
loss, net. ............................................................................................................................... 
— 
— 
Result of the year before tax ..................................................................................................... 
(13) 
(1) 
—Income tax ............................................................................................................................... 
3 
(3) 
Result of the year from continued operations ......................................................................... 
(10) 
(4) 
Comprehensive result of the year ............................................................................................ 
— 
— 
Total comprehensive result of the year ................................................................................... 
(10) 
(4) 
 
(*) Presented for comparison purposes only. 
Statement of Financial Position 
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the Issuer's audited Financial Statements of 
statement of financial position as of 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
Thousands of euros 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019(*) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AUDITED 
AUDITED 
ASSETS: 
Non-current assets ..........................  .........  .........  .........  ........  .........  .........  .........
3,169,247 
3,272,795

--- Page 378 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V. 
 
378 
 
 
Current assets ..................................  .........  .........  ..........  .........  .........  .........  .........
565,206 
323,210 
Total assets .....................................  .........  .........  ..........  .........  .........  .........  .........
3,734,453 
3,596,005 
LIABILITIES: ...............................  .........  .........  ..........  .........  .........  .........  .........
 
 
Non-current liabilities .....................  .........  .........  ..........  .........  .........  .........  .........
3,168,922 
3,272,473 
Current liabilities ............................  .........  .........  ..........  .........  .........  .........  .........
565,314 
323,305 
Total liabilities ................................  .........  .........  ..........  .........  .........  .........  .........
3,734,226 
3,595,778 
SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY: 
—Issued share capital ......................  .........  .........  ..........  .........  .........  .........  .........
90 
90 
—Share premium .............................  .........  .........  ..........  .........  .........  .........  .........
250 
250 
—Other reserves ..............................  .........  .........  ..........  .........  .........  .........  .........
(213) 
(109) 
—Result of the year .........................  .........  .........  ..........  .........  .........  .........  .........
(10) 
(4) 
Total shareholder's equity ............  .........  .........  ..........  .........  .........  .........  .........
217 
227 
Total liabilities and 
shareholder's equity ...................  .........  .........  ..........  .........  .........  .........  .........
3,734,453 
3,596,005 
 
(*) Presented for comparison purposes only. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has issued securities of the same class as the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme which are listed on the following markets: Euronext Dublin, AIAF, Vienna Stock 
Exchange, and Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The auditors of the Issuer are KPMG Accountants N.V. Laan van Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen, The 
Netherlands, who are Chartered Accountants and members of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered 
Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
The Issuer does not have an audit committee. The audit committee of Guarantor, which is the sole shareholder 
of the Issuer, is fully compliant with Spanish corporate governance standards as is described in sections C.2.1 to 
C.2.5 of the "Informe Anual de Gobierno Corporativo" filed with the CNMV on 12 February 2021 with the 
audited consolidated and individual annual financial statements of the Guarantor for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020.   
Management  
The Board of Directors of the Issuer consists of the following Managing Directors:  
Name 
Position at the Issuer 
Present Principal Occupation Outside of the 
Issuer 
Marian Coscarón Tomé 
Managing Director 
Head of Global Structured Solutions of BBVA 
Christian Højbjerre Mortensen 
Managing Director 
Global Structured Solutions Manager of BBVA

--- Page 379 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V. 
 
379 
 
 
The Managing Directors are employees of BBVA. There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties 
of the directors of the Issuer and their private interests. 
The business address of the Managing Directors is Calle Sauceda 28, Edificio Asia, 28050 Madrid, Spain.  
The Issuer, as a financial company for the purposes of the Group with no employees, relies on the human 
resources, systems as well as the policies, processes and procedures of BBVA (including, without limitation, 
compliance, market abuse, risk, accounting, and audit committee). 
The Issuer complies with the corporate governance regime in the Netherlands. 
Tax Status of the Issuer  
The Issuer has its tax residency in Spain. 
Legal Proceedings  
There are no, and have not been, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date 
of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer.

--- Page 380 ---
380 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
Person Responsible  
The Guarantor assumes responsibility for the information featured under the heading "Description of Banco 
Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A." in this Base Prospectus, as well as for the information of the nature and scope 
of the Guarantee. To the best of the knowledge of the Guarantor, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
History and Development of BBVA 
BBVA's predecessor bank, BBV (Banco Bilbao Vizcaya), was incorporated as a public limited company (a 
"sociedad anónima" or S.A.) under the Spanish Corporations Law on 1 October 1988. BBVA was formed 
following the merger of Argentaria into BBV (Banco Bilbao Vizcaya), which was approved by the shareholders 
of each entity on 18 December 1999 and registered on 28 January 2000. It conducts its business under the 
commercial name "BBVA". BBVA is registered with the Commercial Registry of Vizcaya (Spain). It has its 
registered office at Plaza de San Nicolás 4, Bilbao, Spain, 48005, and operates out of Calle Azul, 4, 28050, 
Madrid, Spain (Telephone: +34-91-374-6201). BBVA's agent in the U.S. for U.S. federal securities law 
purposes is Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. New York Branch (1345 Avenue of the Americas, 44th 
Floor, New York, New York 10105 (Telephone: +1-212-728-1660)). BBVA is incorporated for an unlimited 
term. The LEI of the Guarantor is K8MS7FD7N5Z2WQ51AZ71. 
Capital Expenditures 
The Group's principal investments are financial investments in its subsidiaries and affiliates. The main capital 
expenditures from 2018 to 2020 and up to the date of filing of this Base Prospectus were the following: 
2020 
In 2020, up to the date of filing, there were no significant capital expenditures. 
2019 
In 2019 there were no significant capital expenditures. 
2018 
In 2018 there were no significant capital expenditures. 
Capital Divestitures 
BBVA Group's principal divestitures are financial divestitures in its subsidiaries and in affiliates. The main 
capital divestitures from 2018 to 2020 and up to the date of filing of this Base Prospectus were the 
following: 
2020 
Sale of BBVA’s U.S. Bancshares, Inc to PNC Financial Service Group   
On 1st June  2021, after obtaining all the required authorizations, BBVA completed the sale to The PNC 
Financial Services Group, Inc. of 100% of the capital stock of its subsidiary BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc., 
which in turn owns all the capital stock of the bank, BBVA USA.

--- Page 381 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
381 
 
 
The consideration received in cash by BBVA, as a consequence of the referred sale, amounts to approximately 
11,500 million US dollars1 (equivalent to approximately 9,600 million euros2). 
The accounting of both the results generated by BBVA USA Bancshares since the announcement of the 
transaction and of its closing, have had an aggregate positive impact on the BBVA Group's Common Equity 
Tier 1 ("fully loaded") ratio of approximately 294 basis points (of which 24 basis points have already been 
accounted for in such ratio between the date of the announcement and the end of the first quarter of 2021) and a 
profit net of taxes of approximately 570 million euros (479 million euros of such have been accounted for in the 
BBVA Group’s result between the date of the announcement and the end of the first quarter of 2021) 3. 
The BBVA Group will continue to develop the institutional and wholesale business in the US that it currently 
carries out through its broker dealer BBVA Securities Inc and its branch in New York. BBVA will also maintain 
its investment activity in the fintech sector through its participation in Propel Venture Partners US Fund I, L.P. 
Agreement for the creation of a joint venture and transfer of the non-life insurance business in Spain 
On April 27 2020, BBVA reached an agreement with Allianz, Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. to 
create a bancassurance joint venture in Spain including a long-term exclusive distribution agreement for the sale 
of non-life insurance products, excluding the health insurance business, through BBVA’s branch network in 
Spain.  
On 14 December 2020, after obtaining the relevant regulatory approvals from the competent authorities, BBVA 
Seguros, S.A. de Seguros y Reaseguros (“BBVA Seguros”) transferred to Allianz, Compañía de Seguros y 
Reaseguros, S.A., 50% of the share capital plus one share in BBVA Allianz Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. 
(“BBVA Seguros Generales”). BBVA Seguros received a cash payment of 274 million euros. Prior to that, 
BBVA transferred its non-life insurance business in Spain, excluding the health insurance business, to BBVA 
Seguros Generales.  
Allianz, Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A. may need to make an additional payment to BBVA of up to 
100 million euros if certain business goals and milestones are met. This transaction has resulted in a profit net of 
taxes of 304 million euros and has increased the Group’s CET1 (fully loaded) ratio by 7 basis points as of 31 
December 2020.  
2019 
Sale of BBVA Paraguay 
On 7 August 2019, BBVA reached an agreement with Banco GNB Paraguay, S.A., an affiliate of Grupo 
Financiero Gilinski, for the sale of its wholly-owned subsidiary BBVA Paraguay.  
The sale closed on 22 January, 2021 and BBVA received approximately 250 million dollars (approximately 210 
million euros) in cash. The transaction resulted in a loss of approximately 9 million euros net of taxes and is 
estimated to increase the Group’s CET1 (fully loaded) ratio by approximately 6 basis points in the first quarter 
of 2021. 
2018  
Sale of BBVA Chile 
On 28 November 2017, BBVA received a binding offer (the "Offer") from The Bank of Nova Scotia 
("Scotiabank") for the acquisition of BBVA's stake in Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria Chile, S.A. ("BBVA 
Chile") as well as in other companies of the Group in Chile with operations that are complementary to the 
banking business (among them, BBVA Seguros de Vida, S.A.). BBVA owned, directly and indirectly, 68.19 per 
cent. of BBVA Chile's share capital. On 5 December 2017, BBVA accepted the Offer and entered into a sale 
and purchase agreement and the sale was completed on 6 July 2018.  
 
1 Which corresponds to the purchase price provided in the share purchase agreement minus the agreed closing price adjustments 
2 EUR/USD exchange rate of 1.20. 
3 The results that BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc. has been generating, as well as the positive impact, mainly, of these results on the Common 
Equity Tier 1 fully loaded ratio have been reflected in the financial statements of BBVA Group. The calculation of the impact on Common 
Equity Tier 1 has been made taking into account the amount of the transaction in euros and BBVA Group's financial statements as of March 
2021

--- Page 382 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
382 
 
 
The consideration received in cash by BBVA in the referred sale amounted to approximately $2,200 million. 
The transaction resulted in a capital gain, net of taxes, of €633 million, which was recognised in 2018. 
Transfer of real estate business and sale of stake in Divarian 
On 29 November 2017, BBVA reached an agreement with Promontoria Marina, S.L.U. ("Promontoria"), a 
company managed by Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. ("Cerberus"), for the creation of a joint venture to 
which an important part of the real estate business of BBVA in Spain (the "Business") was transferred. 
The Business comprises: (i) foreclosed real estate assets (the "REOs") held by BBVA as of 26 June 2017, with 
a gross book value of approximately €13,000 million; and (ii) the necessary assets and employees to manage the 
Business in an autonomous manner. For purposes of the transaction with Cerberus, the Business was valued at 
approximately €5,000 million. 
On 10 October 2018, after obtaining all the required authorizations, BBVA completed the transfer of the 
Business (except for part of the agreed REOs, which were contributed in several subsequent transfers, being the 
last one in May 2020) to Divarian and the sale of an 80 per cent. stake in Divarian to Promontoria. Following 
the closing of the transaction, BBVA retained 20 per cent. of the share capital of Divarian. 
As of 31 December 2018 and for the year then ended, the transaction did not have a significant impact on the 
Group's attributable profit or Common Equity Tier 1 (fully loaded).     
The above transaction is referred to as the "Cerberus Transaction" in this Base Prospectus. 
Sale of BBVA's stake in Testa  
On 14 September 2018, BBVA and other shareholders of Testa Residencial SOCIMI, S.A. ("Testa") entered 
into an agreement with Tropic Real Estate Holding, S.L. (a company which is advised and managed by a private 
equity investment group controlled by Blackstone Group International Partners LLP) pursuant to which BBVA 
agreed to transfer its 25.24 per cent. interest in Testa to Tropic Real Estate Holding, S.L. The sale was 
completed on 21 December 2018.  
The consideration received in cash by BBVA in the referred sale amounted to €478 million. 
Sale of non-performing and in default mortgage credits 
On 21 December 2018, BBVA reached an agreement with Voyager Investing UK Limited Partnership, an entity 
managed by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, for the transfer of a portfolio of credit rights which was 
mainly composed by non-performing and in default mortgage credits. The transaction was completed during the 
third quarter of 2019 and resulted in a capital gain, net of taxes, of €138 million and a slightly positive impact on 
BBVA Group's Common Equity Tier 1 (fully loaded). 
Business Overview 
BBVA Group is a customer-centric global financial services group founded in 1857. Internationally diversified 
and with strengths in the traditional banking businesses of retail banking, asset management and wholesale 
banking, the Group is committed to offering a compelling digital proposition focused on customer experience. 
For this purpose, the Group is focused on increasingly offering products online and through mobile channels, 
improving the functionality of its digital offerings and refining the customer experience. In 2020, the number of 
digital and mobile customers and the volume of digital sales continued to increase. 
BBVA Group’s business areas reporting structure differs from the one presented at the end of 2019, mainly as a 
consequence of the disappearance of the United States as a business area, derived from the sale agreement 
reached with PNC. Most of the businesses in the United States excluded from this agreement, together with 
those of the former business area “Rest of Eurasia” constitute a new area called “Rest of Business”. 
In 2019, the Group adopted a common global brand through the unification of BBVA brand as part of its efforts 
to offer a unique value proposition and a homogeneous customer experience in the countries in which the Group 
operates.

--- Page 383 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
383 
 
 
Operating Segments 
Set forth below are the Group's current five operating segments: 
• 
Spain; 
• 
Mexico; 
• 
Turkey; 
• 
South America; and 
• 
Rest of Business. 
In addition to the operating segments referred to above, the Group has a Corporate Center which includes those 
items that have not been allocated to an operating segment. It includes the Group's general management 
functions, including costs from central units that have a strictly corporate function; management of structural 
exchange rate positions carried out by the Financial Planning unit; certain proprietary portfolios; certain tax 
assets and liabilities; certain provisions related to commitments with employees; and goodwill and other 
intangibles, as well as the financing of such asset portfolios. It also includes the results of the Group´s stake in 
the venture capital fund Propel Venture Partners (which was previously part of the former United States 
segment). Additionally, the results obtained by the Group's businesses in the United States included within the 
scope of the aforementioned agreement with The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. through the date of 
closing of the USA Sale have been presented in a single line under the heading "Profit (loss) after tax from 
discontinued operations" in the income statement of the Corporate Center. BBVA’s 20% stake in Divarian is 
also included in the Corporate Center. 
The breakdown of the Group's total assets by each of BBVA's operating segments and the Corporate Center as 
of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 was as follows: 
 
As of 31 December 
Total Assets by Operating Segment 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(in Millions of Euros) 
Spain 
410,409 
369,943 
360,041 
Mexico 
110,236 
109,087 
97,428 
Turkey 
59,585 
64,416 
66,250 
South America 
55,436 
54,996 
54,373 
Rest of Business 
35,172 
32,891 
27,826 
Subtotal Assets by Operating Segment 
670,839 
631,334 
605,918 
Corporate Center and Adjustments  
65,336 
66,403 
69,758 
Total Assets BBVA Group 
736,176 
697,737 
675,675 
 
 
 
 
 
The following table sets forth information relating to the profit (loss) attributable to parent company for each of 
BBVA's operating segments and the Corporate Center for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018: 
 
Profit/(Loss) Attributable to Parent Company 
 % of Profit/(Loss) Attributable to 
Parent Company

--- Page 384 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
384 
 
 
 
The following table sets forth certain summarized information relating to the income of each operating segment 
and the Corporate Center for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018: 
 
 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey 
South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Corporate 
Center 
Total  
 
                                       (In Millions of Euros) 
2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income 
3,566 
5,415 
2,783 
2,701 
291 
(164) 
14,592 
Gross income 
5,567 
7,025 
3,573 
3,225 
839 
(63) 
20,166 
Net margin before provisions (1) 
2,528 
4,680 
2,544 
1,853 
372 
(898) 
11,079 
Operating profit/(loss) before tax 
823 
2,475 
1,522 
896 
280 
(1,183) 
4,813 
Profit /(loss) attributable to 
parent company 
652 
1,761 
563 
446 
222 
(2,339) 
1,305 
2019  
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income 
3,585 
6,209 
2,814 
3,196 
236 
(252) 
15,789 
Gross income 
5,674 
8,034 
3,590 
3,850 
728 
(353) 
21,522 
Net margin before provisions (1) 
2,420 
5,383 
2,375 
2,276 
249 
(1,336) 
11,368 
Operating profit/(loss) before tax  
1,896 
3,690 
1,341 
1,396 
222 
(1,499) 
7,046 
Profit /(loss) attributable to 
parent company 
1,436 
2,698 
506 
721 
184 
(2,032) 
3,512 
2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income 
3,636 
5,568 
3,135 
3,009 
224 
(287) 
15,285 
Gross income 
5,906 
7,193 
3,901 
3,701 
666 
(430) 
20,936 
Net margin before provisions (1) 
2,572 
4,800 
2,654 
1,992 
195 
(1,330) 
10,883 
Operating profit/(loss) before tax 
1,859 
3,269 
1,444 
1,288 
207 
(1,368) 
6,699 
 
For the Year Ended 31 December 
 
                           
2020 
                    
2019 
                      
2018 
                      
2020 
                         
2019 
               
2018 
 
(In Millions of Euros) 
(In Percentage) 
Spain 
652 
1,436 
1,450 
18 
26 
28 
Mexico 
1,761 
2,698 
2,367 
48 
49 
46 
Turkey 
563 
506 
567 
15 
9 
11 
South America 
446 
721 
578 
12 
13 
11 
Rest of Business 
222 
184 
150 
6 
3 
3 
Subtotal operatin
segments 
3,644 
5,544 
5,111 
100 
100 
100 
Corporate Center (2,339) 
(2,032) 
289 
 
 
 
Profit
 attributable to 
parent company  
1,305 
3,512 
5,400

--- Page 385 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
385 
 
 
Profit /(loss) attributable to 
parent company 
1,450 
2,367 
567 
578 
150 
289 
5,400 
 
(1) “Net margin before provisions” is calculated as “Gross income” less “Administration costs” and “Depreciation and amortization” 
 
The following tables set forth information relating to the balance sheet of the operating segments and the Group 
Corporate Center and adjustments as of 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018: 
 
As of December 31, 2020 
Spain 
Mexico Turkey  South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Total 
Operating 
Segments 
Corporate 
Center and 
Adjustments 
(1) 
 
                                            (In Millions of Euros) 
 
 
Total Assets 
410,409 110,236 59,585 
55,436 
35,172 
670,839 
65,336 
Cash, cash balances at central   
banks and other demand deposits 
38,356 
9,161 
5,477 
7,127 
6,121 
66,243 
(723) 
Financial assets designated at fair 
value (2) 
137,969 36,360 
5,332 
7,329 
1,470 
188,459 
(4,447) 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
198,173 59,819 
46,705 
38,549 
27,213 
370,460 
(2,792) 
Loans and advances to customers 
167,998 50,002 
37,295 
33,615 
24,015 
312,926 
(1,779) 
Of which: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Residential mortgages 
71,530 
9,890 
2,349 
6,252 
1,436 
91,457 
 
Consumer finance 
11,820 
7,025 
5,626 
6,773 
497 
31,740 
 
Loans 
5,859 
1,629 
630 
974 
183 
9,274 
 
Credit cards 
2,087 
4,682 
3,259 
2,008 
7 
12,043 
 
Loans to enterprises 
61,748 
22,549 
24,597 
16,392 
21,121 
146,408 
 
Loans to public sector 
12,468 
4,670 
178 
1,319 
794 
19,429 
 
Total Liabilities 
397,103 103,529 53,415 
50,660 
32,133 
636,841 
49,315 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
and designated at fair value through 
profit or loss 
73,921 
23,801 2,336 
1,326 
849 
102,233 
(5,695) 
Financial liabilities at amortized   
cost-Customer deposits 
206,428 
54,052 39,353 
36,874 
9,333 
346,040 
(3,379) 
Of which: 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand and savings deposits 
174,789 
43,483 20,075 
25,832 
3,657 
267,837 
 
Time deposits 
31,019 
10,444 19,270 
11,042 
5,676 
77,452 
 
Total Equity (3) 
13,306 
6,707 
6,170 
4,776 
3,039 
33,999 
16,021 
Assets under management 
62,707 
22,524 3,425 
13,722 
569 
102,947 
 
Mutual funds 
38,434 
20,660 1,087 
4,687 
- 
64,869 
 
Pension funds 
24,273 
- 
2,337 
9,035 
569 
36,215 
 
Other placements 
- 
1,863 
- 
- 
- 
1,863

--- Page 386 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
386 
 
 
(1) Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments. 
(2)  Financial assets designated at fair value includes: "Financial assets held for trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair 
value through profit or loss", "Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income". 
(3)   “Total equity” includes adjustments due to changes in the capital allocation model that reflect the new methodology used to allocate 
capital by operating segment based on regulatory capital instead of economic capital, as had previously been used.  
 
As of December 31, 2019 
Spain 
Mexico Turkey  South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Total 
Operating 
Segments 
Corporate 
Center and 
Adjustments 
(1) 
 
                                            (In Millions of Euros) 
 
 
Total Assets 
369,943 109,087 64,416 
54,996 
32,891 
631,334 
66,403 
Cash, cash balances at central   
banks and other demand deposits 
15,898 
6,492 
5,486 
8,601 
2,853 
39,330 
4,973 
Financial assets designated at fair 
value (2) 
121,890 31,402 
5,268 
6,120 
796 
165,476 
4,213 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
195,258 66,180 
51,285 
37,869 
28,881 
379,473 
59,688 
Loans and advances to customers 
167,332 58,081 
40,500 
35,701 
26,143 
327,757 
54,603 
Of which: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Residential mortgages 
73,871 
10,786 
2,928 
7,168 
1,624 
96,377 
 
Consumer finance 
11,390 
8,683 
5,603 
7,573 
453 
33,703 
 
Loans 
11,390 
8,683 
5,603 
7,573 
453 
33,703 
 
Credit cards 
2,213 
5,748 
3,837 
2,239 
8 
14,046 
 
Loans to enterprises 
57,194 
24,778 
26,552 
16,251 
23,089 
147,864 
 
Loans to public sector 
13,886 
6,819 
107 
1,368 
724 
22,904 
 
Total Liabilities 
356,944 101,980 57,584 
49,596 
29,947 
596,052 
46,759 
Financial liabilities held for 
trading and designated at fair 
value through profit or loss 
77,731 
21,784 2,184 
1,860 
220 
103,779 
(5,089) 
Financial liabilities at amortized   
cost-Customer deposits 
182,370 
55,934 41,335 
36,104 
8,603 
324,346 
59,873 
Of which: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand and savings deposits 
150,917 
43,015 15,737 
22,665 
3,577 
235,911 
 
Time deposits 
31,453 
12,395 25,587 
13,439 
5,027 
87,901 
 
Total Equity (3) 
12,999 
7,107 
6,832 
5,400 
2,944 
35,281 
19,644 
Assets under management 
66,068 
24,464 3,906 
12,864 
500 
107,803 
 
Mutual funds 
41,390 
21,929 1,460 
3,860 
- 
68,639 
 
Pension funds 
24,678 
- 
2,446 
9,005 
500 
36,630 
 
Other placements 
- 
2,534 
- 
- 
- 
2,534 
 
 
 
(1). Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments.

--- Page 387 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
387 
 
 
(2)  Financial assets designated at fair value includes: "Financial assets held for trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair 
value through profit or loss", "Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income".  
(3)  “Total equity” includes adjustments due to changes in the capital allocation model that reflect the new methodology used to allocate 
capital by operating segment based on regulatory capital instead of economic capital, as had previously been used.  
 
As of December 31, 2018 
Spain 
Mexico Turkey  South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Total 
Operating 
Segments 
Corporate 
Center and 
Adjustments 
(1) 
 
                                            (In Millions of Euros) 
 
 
Total Assets 
360,041 97,428 
66,250 
54,373 
27,826 
605,918 
69,758 
Cash, cash balances at central banks 
and other demand deposits 
28,545 
8,274 
7,853 
8,987 
2,733 
56,391 
1,805 
Financial assets designated at fair 
value (2) 
106,307 26,022 
5,506 
5,634 
600 
144,070 
7,820 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
195,457 57,709 
50,315 
36,649 
22,046 
362,175 
57,485 
Loans and advances to customers 
170,427 51,101 
41,478 
34,469 
20,755 
318,231 
55,796 
Of which: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Residential mortgages 
76,388 
9,197 
3,530 
6,629 
1,829 
97,572 
 
Consumer finance 
9,665 
7,347 
5,265 
6,900 
410 
29,588 
 
Loans 
5,564 
2,094 
570 
955 
205 
9,388 
 
Credit cards 
2,083 
4,798 
3,880 
2,058 
10 
12,829 
 
Loans to enterprises 
57,306 
22,552 
27,657 
16,897 
17,803 
142,215 
 
Loans to public sector 
15,379 
5,726 
95 
1,078 
445 
22,724 
 
Total Liabilities 
347,131 90,869 
59,172 
49,186 
25,364 
571,721 
51,080 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
and designated at fair value through 
profit or loss 
70,020 
18,028 1,852 
1,357 
147 
91,403 
(4,649) 
Financial liabilities at amortized   
cost-Customer deposits 
183,413 
50,530 39,905 
35,842 
8,049 
317,738 
58,232 
Of which: 
 
 
 
 
 
Demand and savings deposits 
142,912 
38,167 12,530 
23,195 
3,805 
220,608 
 
Time deposits 
40,072 
11,593 27,367 
12,817 
4,244 
96,094 
 
Total Equity (3) 
12,910 
6,559 
7,078 
5,188 
2,461 
34,196 
18,678 
Assets under management 
62,559 
20,647 2,894 
11,662 
388 
98,150 
 
Mutual funds 
39,250 
17,733 669 
3,741 
- 
61,393 
 
Pension funds 
23,274 
- 
2,225 
7,921 
388 
33,807 
 
Other placements 
35 
2,914 
- 
- 
- 
2,949 
 
 
 
(1). Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments.  
(2)  Financial assets designated at fair value includes: "Financial assets held for trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair 
value through profit or loss", "Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income".

--- Page 388 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
388 
 
 
(3)  “Total equity” includes adjustments due to changes in the capital allocation model that reflect the new methodology used to allocate 
capital by operating segment based on regulatory capital instead of economic capital, as had previously been used.  
 
Spain 
This operating segment includes all of BBVA’s banking and non-banking businesses in Spain, other than those 
included in the Corporate Center. The primary business units included in this operating segment are: 
• 
Spanish Retail Network: including individual customers, private banking, small companies and 
businesses in the domestic market; 
• 
Corporate and Business Banking: which manages small and medium sized enterprises (“SMEs”), 
companies and corporations and public institutions; 
• 
Corporate and Investment Banking: responsible for business with large corporations and multinational 
groups and the trading floor and distribution business in Spain; and 
• 
Other units: which includes the insurance business unit in Spain (BBVA Seguros) as well as the 
Group’s shareholding in the bancassurance joint venture with Allianz, Compañía de Seguros y 
Reaseguros, S.A., lending to real estate developers and foreclosed real estate assets in Spain, as well as 
certain proprietary portfolios and certain funding and structural interest-rate positions of the euro 
balance sheet which are not included in the Corporate Center.  
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits amounted to €38,356 million as of 31 December 
2020 compared with the €15,898 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly due to an increase in cash 
held at the Bank of Spain, with a view to reinforcing the Group’s cash position in light of the COVID-19 
pandemic.  
Financial assets designated at fair value of this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: 
“Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss”, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income”) amounted to €137,969 million as of 31 December 2020, a 13.2% increase from 
the €121,890 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly as a result of the increase in trading derivatives 
recorded under “Financial assets held for trading” due to the positive impact of changes in exchange rates on 
foreign currency positions and the increase in sovereign debt securities recorded under the “Financial assets at 
fair value through other comprehensive income”.  
Financial assets at amortized cost of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €198,173 
million, a 1.5% increase compared with the €195,258 million recorded as of 31 December 2019. Within this 
heading, loans and advances to customers amounted to €167,998 million as of 31 December 2020, an increase 
of 0.4% from the €167,332 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly as a result of the increase in SMEs 
and corporate banking credit on the back of the measures implemented by the Spanish government in light of 
the COVID-19 pandemic, and increased drawdowns under credit facilities especially in the first quarter, 
partially offset by the decrease in mortgage loans. 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating segment 
as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €73,921 million, a 4.9% decrease compared with the €77,731 million 
recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly due to a decrease in deposits from credit institutions, partially offset 
by the positive impact of changes in exchange rate derivatives on foreign currency positions. 
Customer deposits at amortized cost of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €206,428 
million, a 13.2% increase compared with the €182,370 million recorded as of 31 December 2019 mainly due to 
the increase in demand deposits within the retail portfolio, as a result of the shift from consumption to savings 
due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” and “Pension funds”) as of 
31 December 2020 amounted to €62,707 million, a 5.1% decrease compared with the €66,068 million as of 31 
December 2019, mainly due to the increased volatility and decline in market prices during the period and the 
resulting shift towards deposits. 
This operating segment’s non-performing loan ratio decreased to 4.3% as of 31 December 2020 from 4.4% as of 
31 December 2019, mainly as a result of the increase in retail, SMEs and corporate banking credit facilities on 
the back of the measures implemented by the Spanish government in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well 
as the temporary moratoria and other relief measures adopted to address the effects thereof. This operating

--- Page 389 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
389 
 
 
segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio increased to 67% as of 31 December 2020 from 60% as of 31 
December 2019, as a result mainly of higher loss allowances made in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Mexico 
The Mexico operating segment includes the banking and insurance businesses conducted in Mexico by BBVA 
Mexico. It also includes BBVA Mexico’s branch in Houston. 
The Mexican peso depreciated 13.1% against the euro as of 31 December 2020 compared with 31 December 
2019, adversely affecting the business activity of the Mexico operating segment as of 31 December 2020 
expressed in euros.  
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits amounted to €9,161 million as of 31 December 
2020 compared with the €6,492 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly due to an increase in cash and 
cash equivalents held at BANXICO (as defined herein), with a view to reinforcing the Group’s cash position in 
light of the COVID-19 pandemic, offset in part by the depreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro.  
Financial assets designated at fair value of this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: 
“Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss”, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income”) as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €36,360 million, a 15.8% increase from 
the €31,402 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly due to an increase in sovereign debt securities, 
offset in part by the depreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro.  
Financial assets at amortized cost of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €59,819 
million, a 9.6% decrease compared with the €66,180 million recorded as of 31 December 2019. Within this 
heading, loans and advances to customers of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to 
€50,002 million, a 13.9% decrease compared with the €58,081 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, 
mainly as a result of the depreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro and the decrease in corporate loans 
and retail portfolios (mainly residential mortgages and consumer finance), due to the adverse effect of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. These effects were partially offset by the partial recovery of mortgage loans in the second 
half of 2020. 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating segment 
as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €23,801 million, a 9.3% increase compared with the €21,784 million 
recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly as a result of increases in government agency debt securities, offset in 
part by the depreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro. Customer deposits at amortized cost of this 
operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €54,052 million, a 3.4% decrease compared with the 
€55,934 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, primarily due to the depreciation of the Mexican peso 
against the euro. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” and “Other placements”) as 
of 31 December 2020 amounted to €22,524 million, a 7.9% decrease compared with the €24,464 million as of 
31 December 2019, mainly as a result of the depreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro, partially offset 
by the shift towards higher profitability investments such as private banking. 
This operating segment’s non-performing loan ratio increased to 3.3% as of 31 December 2020 from 2.4% as of 
31 December 2019, mainly due to the increase in non-performing loans from the retail portfolio during the 
fourth quarter of 2020, following the lifting of the moratoria measures adopted in response to the COVID-19 
pandemic. This operating segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio decreased to 122% as of 31 December 
2020 from 136% as of 31 December 2019. 
Turkey 
This operating segment comprises the activities carried out by Garanti BBVA as an integrated financial services 
group operating in every segment of the banking sector in Turkey, including corporate, commercial, SME, 
payment systems, retail, private and investment banking, together with its subsidiaries in pension and life 
insurance, leasing, factoring, brokerage and asset management, as well as its international subsidiaries in the 
Netherlands and Romania. 
The Turkish lira depreciated 26.7% against the euro as of 31 December 2020 compared to 31 December 2019, 
adversely affecting the business activity of the Turkey operating segment as of 31 December 2020 expressed in 
euros.

--- Page 390 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
390 
 
 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits amounted to €5,477 million as of 31 December 
2020, a 0.2% decrease compared with the €5,486 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly due to the 
depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro. At constant exchange rates, there was an increase in cash, cash 
balances at central banks and other demand deposits as a result of the increase in cash and cash equivalents held 
at the Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey, with a view to reinforcing the Group’s cash position in light of 
the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Financial assets designated at fair value of this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: 
“Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss”, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income”) as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €5,332 million, a 1.2% increase from the 
€5,268 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly as a result of the increase in Turkish lira-denominated 
corporate banking loans as a result of the recently launched CGF-Credit Guarantee Fund, which is intended to 
support SMEs and entrepreneurs and pursuant to which loans are provided with Turkish Treasury-backed credit 
guarantees, partially offset by the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro. 
Financial assets at amortized cost of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €46,705 
million an 8.9% decrease compared with the €51,285 million recorded as of 31 December 2019. Within this 
heading, loans and advances to customers of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to 
€37,295 million, a 7.9% decrease compared with the €40,500 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly 
due to the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro, offset, in part, by the increase (in local currency) in 
loans denominated in Turkish lira and increases in the commercial portfolio and in consumer loans (supported 
by the General Purpose Loans program adopted by the Turkish government, which intends to mitigate the 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic). 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating segment 
as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €2,336 million, a 7.0% increase compared with the €2,184 million 
recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly due to the increase in derivatives within the trading portfolio, partially 
offset by the depreciation of the Turkish lira. 
Customer deposits at amortized cost of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €39,353 
million, a 4.8% decrease compared with the €41,335 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly due to 
the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro, partially offset by the increase in demand deposits and 
increasing demand for gold deposits. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” and “Pension funds”) as of 
31 December 2020 amounted to €3,425 million, a 12.3% decrease compared with the €3,906 million as of 31 
December 2019, mainly due to the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro, partially offset by increases 
in pension funds (in local currency). 
The non-performing loan ratio of this operating segment decreased to 6.6% as of 31 December 2020 from 7.0% 
as of 31 December 2019, as a result of the increase in loans denominated in Turkish lira, increases in the 
commercial portfolio and in consumer loans (in local currency) and, to a lesser extent, increases in write offs in 
the fourth quarter of 2020. This operating segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio increased to 80% as of 
31 December 2020 from 75% as of 31 December 2019, mainly due to higher loss allowances made in response 
to the COVID-19 pandemic and, to a lesser extent, certain specific clients in the commercial portfolio. 
South America 
The South America operating segment includes the Group’s banking and insurance businesses in the region. 
The main business units included in the South America operating segment are: 
• 
Retail and Corporate Banking: includes banks in Argentina, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay and Venezuela. 
• 
Insurance: includes insurance businesses in Argentina, Colombia and Venezuela. 
The sale of BBVA Paraguay closed in January 2021.  
As of 31 December 2020, the Argentine peso, the Colombian peso and the Peruvian sol depreciated against the 
euro compared to 31 December 2019, by 34.8%, 12.6% and 16.3%, respectively. Changes in exchanges rates 
have adversely affected the business activity of the South America operating segment as of 31 December 2020 
expressed in euros.

--- Page 391 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
391 
 
 
As of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Argentine and Venezuelan economies were 
considered to be hyperinflationary as defined by IAS 29. 
Financial assets designated at fair value for this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: 
“Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss”, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income”) as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €7,329 million, a 19.7% increase 
compared with the €6,120 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, attributable in part to the increase in the 
fair value of debt securities issued by the Peruvian government held by the segment and increases in purchases 
of debt securities issued by the Central Bank of the Argentine Republic (BCRA) in Argentina in connection to 
the COVID-19 pandemic and held by the segment. The increase was offset in part by the depreciation of the 
currencies of the main countries where the BBVA Group operates within this operating segment against the 
euro. 
Financial assets at amortized cost of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €38,549 
million, a 1.8% increase compared with the €37,869 million recorded as of 31 December 2019. Within this 
heading, loans and advances to customers of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to 
€33,615 million, a 5.8% decrease compared with the €35,701 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly 
as a result of the depreciation of the currencies of the main countries where the BBVA Group operates within 
this operating segment against the euro, partially offset by the increase in wholesale loans, particularly in Peru 
(supported by the “Reactiva Plan” adopted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic), the increase in credit cards 
loans, in particular in Argentina, and increases in the retail portfolio (in each case, in local currency).  
Customer deposits at amortized cost of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 amounted to €36,874 
million, a 2.1% increase compared with the €36,104 million recorded as of 31 December 2019, mainly as a 
result of increases in demand deposits due to the measures established by the respective central banks in the 
region in order to inject liquidity into their economies (as part of the funds provided thereunder have been 
invested as deposits), and the shift from consumption to savings due to the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset 
by the depreciation of the currencies of the main countries where the BBVA Group operates within this 
operating segment against the euro. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” and “Pension funds”) as of 
31 December 2020 amounted to €13,722 million, a 6.7% increase compared with the €12,864 million as of 31 
December 2019, mainly due to the recovery in mutual funds, after the temporary outflow of resources due to 
market instability, during the second half of 2020, partially offset by the depreciation of the currencies of the 
main countries where the BBVA Group operates within this operating segment against the euro. 
The non-performing loan ratio of this operating segment as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 stood at 4.4%. The 
non-performing loan ratio as of 31 December 2020 was positively affected by the temporary moratoria and other 
relief measures adopted to address the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. This operating segment’s non-
performing loan coverage ratio increased to 110% as of 31 December 2020, from 100% as of 31 December 
2019, mainly due to an increase in the balance of provisions in Colombia and Peru in response to the COVID-19 
pandemic. 
Rest of Business 
This operating segment includes the wholesale activity carried out by the Group in Europe, excluding Spain, and 
the United States through the New York branch, as well as the institutional business that the Group develops in 
the United States through its broker-dealer BBVA Securities Inc. It also includes the banking business 
developed through the five BBVA branches located in Asia (in Taipei, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore and 
Shanghai).  
Financial assets designated at fair value for this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: 
“Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss”, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income”) as of December 31, 2020 amounted to €1,470 million, an 84.7% increase 
compared with the €796 million recorded as of December 31, 2019, mainly due to increased activity of the New 
York branch, which led to an increase in “Financial assets held for trading”. 
Financial assets at amortized cost of this operating segment as of December 31, 2020 amounted to €27,213 
million, a 5.8% decrease compared with the €28,881 million recorded as of December 31, 2019. Within this 
heading, loans and advances to customers of this operating segment as of December 31, 2020 amounted to 
€24,015 million, an 8.1% decrease compared with the €26,143 million recorded as of December 31, 2019, 
mainly as a result of a reduction in loans to corporate clients.

--- Page 392 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
392 
 
 
Customer deposits at amortized cost of this operating segment as of December 31, 2020 amounted to €9,333 
million, an 8.5% increase compared with the €8,603 million recorded as of December 31, 2019 mainly due to 
the increase in time  deposits in the New York branch. 
Pension funds in this operating segment as of December 31, 2020 amounted to €569 million, a 13.8% increase 
compared with the €500 million recorded as of December 31, 2019, mainly due to increased sales of a multi-
strategic product launched in 2019. 
The non-performing loan ratio of this operating segment as of December 31, 2020 decreased to 1.0% from 1.2% 
as of December 31, 2019. This operating segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio increased to 109% as of 
December 31, 2020, from 88% as of December 31, 2019, mainly due to the higher loss allowances made in 
response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Organisational Structure  
The companies comprising the BBVA Group are principally domiciled in the following countries: Argentina, 
Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, France, Germany, Italy, Mexico, Netherlands, Peru, Portugal, Romania, Spain, 
Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom, the United States of America and Uruguay. In addition, BBVA has an 
active presence in Asia.  
Below is a simplified organizational chart of BBVA's most significant subsidiaries as of 31 December  2020. 
Subsidiary 
Country of 
Incorporation 
Activity 
BBVA Voting 
Power 
BBVA 
Ownership 
Total Assets 
(1) 
 
 
(in Percentages) 
(In 
Millions of 
Euros) 
BBVA MEXICO 
MEXICO 
Bank 
100.00 
100.00 
 97,518    
GARANTI BBVA AS 
TURKEY 
Bank 
49.85 
49.85 
 52,319    
BBVA PERU 
PERU 
Bank 
92.24 (2) 
46.12 
 23,891    
BBVA SEGUROS S.A. DE SEGUROS Y REASEGUROS 
SPAIN 
Insurance 
99.96 
99.96 
 17,601    
BBVA COLOMBIA S.A. 
COLOMBIA 
Bank 
95.47 
95.47 
 15,573    
BANCO BBVA ARGENTINA S.A. 
ARGENTINA 
Bank 
66.55 
66.55 
 6,553    
SEGUROS BBVA BANCOMER S.A. DE C.V., GRUPO 
FINANCIERO BBVA BANCOMER 
MEXICO 
Insurance 
100.00 
100.00 
 5,391    
PENSIONES BBVA BANCOMER, S.A. DE C.V., GRUPO 
FINANCIERO BBVA BANCOMER 
MEXICO 
Insurance 
100.00 
100.00 
 4,815    
GARANTIBANK BBVA INTERNATIONAL N.V. 
THE 
NETHERLANDS 
Bank 
49.85 
100.00 
 3,398    
(1)  Information for non-EU subsidiaries has been calculated using the prevailing exchange rates on 31 December 2020. 
(2)  Subject to certain exceptions. 
 
Selected Financial Data 
The historical financial information set forth below for the years ended 31 December 2020, 2019 and 2018 has 
been selected from, and should be read together with, the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein.  
Consolidated Statement of Income Data 
 
 
Year ended 31 December

--- Page 393 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
393 
 
 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Net interest income 
14,592 
15,789 
15,285 
Net profit 
2,060 
4,345 
6,227 
Net profit attributable to parent company 
1,305 
3,512 
5,400 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Income Data 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2020 
2019 
2018 
 
(in millions of Euros) 
Total assets 
736,176  
697,737  
675,675  
Financial assets at amortized cost 
367,668  
439,162  
419,660  
Customers' deposits 
342,661  
384,219  
375,970  
Debt certificates and other financial liabilities 
66,311  
68,619  
63,970  
Non-controlling interests 
5,471  
6,201  
5,764  
Total equity 
50,020  
54,925  
52,874  
 
 
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT  
BBVA is managed by a Board of Directors which, in accordance with its current by-laws (Estatutos), must 
consist of no less than 5 and no more than 15 members. All members of the Board of Directors are elected to 
serve three-year terms. BBVA's Board of Directors' Regulations state that the Board of Directors must try to 
ensure that there is an ample majority of non-executive directors over the number of executive directors on the 
Board of Directors.  
BBVA's corporate governance system is based on the distribution of functions between the Board of Directors, 
the Executive Committee (Comisión Delegada Permanente) and other specialised Board Committees, namely: 
the Audit Committee; the Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee; the Remunerations Committee; 
the Risk and Compliance Committee; and the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee. BBVA's Board of 
Directors are assisted in fulfilling its responsibilities by the Executive Committee. The Executive Committee 
will deal with those matters of the Board of Directors that the Board agrees to delegate to it, in accordance with 
the law, the Bylaws, the Board of Directors' Regulations or its own Regulations approved by the Board of 
Directors.  
Board of Directors  
The Board of Directors of BBVA currently comprises 15 members. The business address of the Directors of 
BBVA is Calle Azul, 4, 28050 Madrid. 
BBVA may, from time to time, enter into transactions in the ordinary course of its business, and on an arm's 
length basis, with the Directors. 
BBVA's Board of Directors' Regulations includes rules which are designed to prevent situations where a 
potential conflict of interest may arise. These Regulations provide, among other matters, that directors must 
refrain from participating in deliberations and votes on resolutions or decisions in which they or a related party

--- Page 394 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
394 
 
 
may have a direct or indirect conflict of interest. Accordingly, there are no potential conflicts of interest between 
the private interests or other duties of the directors and their duties to BBVA. 
The following table sets forth the names of the members of the Board of Directors as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, their date of appointment and re-election, if applicable, their current positions and their present 
principal outside occupation and employment history. 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Present Principal Outside 
Occupation and Employment 
History(*) 
Carlos Torres Vila(1)(6) 
1966 
Group 
Executive 
Chairman 
4 May 2015 
15 March 2019 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
and Group Executive Chairman of 
BBVA 
since 
December 
2018. 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Executive 
Committee and of the Technology 
and 
Cybersecurity 
Committee. 
Director of Grupo Financiero BBVA 
Bancomer, S.A. de C.V. and BBVA 
Bancomer S.A., Institución de Banca 
Múltiple, Grupo Financiero BBVA 
Bancomer. Chief Executive Officer of 
BBVA from May 2015 until his 
appointment as Chairman. He started 
at BBVA in September 2008 holding 
senior management posts such as 
Head of Digital Banking from March 
2014 to May 2015 and BBVA 
Strategy & Corporate Development 
Director from January 2009 to March 
2014. 
Onur Genç (1) 
1974 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
20 December 
2018 
15 March 2019 
Chief Executive Officer of BBVA 
since December 2018. Director of 
BBVA USA Bancshares, Inc., Grupo 
Financiero BBVA Bancomer, S.A. de 
C.V. and BBVA Bancomer S.A., 
Institución de Banca Múltiple, Grupo 
Financiero 
BBVA 
Bancomer. 
Chairman and CEO of BBVA USA 
and BBVA's Country Manager in the 
USA from January 2017 to December 
2018. Deputy CEO at Garanti BBVA 
between 2015 and 2017 and Vice 
President 
for 
retail 
and 
private 
banking at Garanti BBVA between 
2012 and 2015. 
José Miguel Andrés 
Torrecillas(1)(2)(3) 
1955 
Deputy 
Chair 
(Independent 
Director) 
13 
March 
2015 
20 April 2021 
Deputy Chair of the Board of 
Directors of BBVA since April 2019 
and Chairman of the Appointments 
and 
Corporate 
Governance 
Committee. Director of Zardoya Otis, 
S.A. Chairman of Ernst & Young 
Spain from 2004 to 2014, where he 
was a partner since 1987 and also 
held a series of senior offices, 
including Managing Partner of the 
Banking Group from 1989 to 2004 
and Managing Director of the Audit 
and Advisory practices at Ernst & 
Young Italy and Portugal from 2008 
to 2013.

--- Page 395 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
395 
 
 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Present Principal Outside 
Occupation and Employment 
History(*) 
Jaime Félix Caruana 
Lacorte(1)(2)(5) 
1952 
Independent Director 
16 
March 
2018 
20 April 2021 
Chairman of the Audit Committee 
since April 2019. Member of the 
Group of Thirty (G-30), Sponsor 
(patrono) of the Spanish Aspen 
Institute Foundation, President of the 
International Center for Monetary and 
Banking Studies’ (ICMB) Foundation 
Board and Member of the China 
Banking and Insurance Regulatory 
Commission’s (CBIRC) International 
Advisory 
Committee. 
General 
Manager of the Bank of International 
Settlements (BIS) between 2009 and 
2017. Between 2006 and 2009 he was 
Head 
of 
the 
Monetary, 
Capital 
Markets Department and Financial 
Counselor and General Manager at 
the 
International 
Monetary 
Fund 
(IMF), and he was Chair of the 
Basel's 
Banking 
Supervision 
Committee between 2003 and 2006. 
Raúl 
Catarino 
Galamba de Oliveira 
(5)(6) 
1964 
Independent Director 
13 
March 
2020 
Not applicable 
Independent Chair of the Board of 
Directors 
of 
CTT- 
Correios 
de 
Portugal, S.A. and non-executive 
director of José de Mello Saúde and 
José de Mello Capital. His career path 
has been mainly linked to McKinsey 
& Company, where he was appointed 
partner in 1995, Director of the 
Portugal office in 2000, Managing 
Partner of Global Risk practice 
between 2013 and 2016, member of 
the Global Shareholders' Board from 
2005 and 2011, member of the Global 
Partner 
Election 
and 
Evaluation 
Committees between 2001 and 2017, 
member 
of 
the 
Remuneration 
Committee from 2005 to 2013 and 
Chairman of the Global Learning 
Board from 2006 to 2011. 
Belén 
Garijo 
López(2)(3)(4) 
1960 
Independent Director 
16 
March 
2012 
20 April 2021 
Chair 
of 
the 
Remunerations 
Committee. Chair of the Executive 
Board and CEO of Merck Group, 
member of the Board of Directors of 
L'Oréal and, since 2011, Chair of the 
International 
Senior 
Executive 
Committee 
of 
PhRMA, 
ISEC 
(Pharmaceutical 
Research 
and 
Manufacturers 
of 
America). 
Previously, she was President of 
Commercial Operations for Europe 
and Canada at Sanofi Aventis. 
Sunir 
Kumar 
Kapoor(6) 
1963 
Independent Director 
11 
March 
2016 
15 March 2019 
Operating partner at Atlantic Bridge 
Capital, 
independent 
director 
at 
Stratio 
Big 
Data, 
non-executive 
director at Deep Image Analytics, Inc. 
and advisor to mCloud. He was 
President and CEO of UBmatrix Inc 
from 2005 to 2011. Executive Vice 
President 
and 
CMO 
of 
Cassatt 
Corporation from 2004 to 2005. 
Oracle Corporation, Vice President 
Collaboration Suite from 2002 to 
2004. Founder and CEO of Tsola Inc 
from 1999 to 2001. President and 
CEO of E-Stamp Corporation from 
1996 to 1999. Vice President of 
Strategy, Marketing and Planning of

--- Page 396 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
396 
 
 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Present Principal Outside 
Occupation and Employment 
History(*) 
Oracle Corporation from 1994 to 
1996. 
Lourdes 
Máiz 
Carro(2)(4) 
1959 
Independent Director 
14 
March 
2014 
13 March 2020 
Secretary of the Board of Directors 
and Director of Legal Services at 
Iberia, Líneas Aéreas de España from 
2001 until 2016. Joined the Spanish 
State Counsel Corps (Cuerpo de 
Abogados del Estado) and from 1992 
until 1993 she was Deputy to the 
Director in the Ministry of Public 
Administration. From 1993 to 2001 
held various senior positions in the 
Public 
Administration, 
including 
Director of the Cabinet of the 
Assistant 
Secretary 
of 
Public 
Administration and General Director 
of 
the 
Sociedad 
Estatal 
de 
Participaciones 
Patrimoniales 
(SEPPA) within the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance. 
José 
Maldonado 
Ramos(1)(3) 
1952 
External Director 
28 
January 
2000 
20 April 2021 
Appointed 
Director 
and 
General 
Secretary of BBVA in January 2000. 
Took 
early 
retirement 
as 
Bank 
executive 
in 
December 
2009. 
Previously, he was Board Secretary 
and Director of Legal Services for 
Empresa Nacional para el Desarrollo 
de la Industria Alimentaria, S.A. 
(Endiasa); Astilleros Españoles, S.A.; 
and Iberia, Líneas Aéreas de España, 
S.A. 
Ana Cristina Peralta 
Moreno(2)(4) 
1961 
Independent Director 
16 
March 
2018 
20 April 2021 
Independent director of Grenergy 
Renovables, S.A. and of Inmobiliaria 
Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. and member 
of the Professional Board of ESADE. 
Independent director at Deutsche 
Bank SAE from 2014 to 2018; 
independent 
director 
at 
Banco 
Etcheverría, S.A. between 2013 and 
2014. Previously, she was General 
Director of Risks and Member of the 
Management Committee of Banco 
Pastor, S.A. and she held several 
positions at Bankinter, S.A. including 
Chief Risk Officer and member of the 
Management Committee. 
Juan 
Pi 
Llorens(3)(5)(6)(7) 
1950 
Independent Director 
27 July 2011 
20 April 2021 
Lead Director of BBVA since April 
2019 and Chairman of the Risk and 
Compliance Committee. Chairman of 
the Board of Directors of Ecolumber, 
S.A. and non-executive director at 
Oesía Networks, S.L. and of Tecnobit, 
S.L.U. Had a professional career at 
IBM holding various senior posts at a 
national 
and 
international 
level 
including Vice President for Sales at 
IBM Europe from 2005 to 2008, Vice 
President of Technology & Systems 
Group at IBM Europe from 2008 to 
2010 and Vice President of the 
Finance Services Sector at GMU 
(Growth Markets Units) in China 
from 2009 to 2011. He was executive 
President of IBM Spain between 1998 
and 2001.

--- Page 397 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
397 
 
 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Present Principal Outside 
Occupation and Employment 
History(*) 
Ana Leonor Revenga 
Shanklin  (5) 
1963 
Independent Director 
13 
March 
2020 
Not applicable 
Senior Fellow at the Brookings 
Institution 
since 
2018, Associate 
Professor at the Walsh School of 
Foreign 
Service 
at 
Georgetown 
University since 2019 and Chair of 
the ISEAK Foundation Board of 
Trustees since 2018. Her career path 
has been mainly linked to World 
Bank, where she has held various 
senior posts, including Senior Global 
Director of Poverty and Equity 
between 2014 and 2016 and Deputy 
Chief Economist between 2016 and 
2017. 
 
Susana 
Rodríguez 
Vidarte(1)(3)(5) 
1955 
External Director 
28 May 2002 
13 March 2020 
Professor of Strategy at the Faculty of 
Economics and Business Sciences at 
Universidad de Deusto. She was Dean 
of the Faculty of Economics and 
Business 
Administration 
of 
the 
University of Deusto from 1996 to 
2009, 
Director 
of 
the 
Instituto 
Internacional 
de 
Dirección 
de 
Empresas (INSIDE) from 2003 to 
2008 and Director of the Postgraduate 
Area from 2009 to 2012. Doctor in 
Economic and Business Sciences 
from Universidad de Deusto. 
 
Carlos Vicente Salazar 
Lomelín (4) 
1951 
External Director 
13 
March 
2020 
Not applicable 
Chairman 
of 
Mexico's 
Business 
Coordinating Council since 2019 and 
independent director to Sukarne, S.A. 
de C.V. and Alsea, S.A.B. de C.V.  
since 2017 and 2019, respectively. 
Director of Grupo Financiero BBVA 
Bancomer, S.A. de C.V. and of BBVA 
Bancomer, S.A., Institución de Banca 
Múltiple, Grupo Financiero BBVA 
Bancomer. His career path has been 
linked 
to 
the 
Grupo 
Fomento 
Económico Mexicano S.A.B. de C.V. 
(Femsa) until 2019, having held roles 
such 
as 
General 
Manager 
of 
Cervecería Cuauhtémoc-Moctezuma 
and General Manager of Femsa from 
2014 to 2017. 
Jan Paul Marie Francis 
Verplancke (4)(6) 
1963 
Independent Director 
16 
March 
2018 
20 April 2021 
Director, Chief Information Officer, 
Group Head of Technology and 
Banking Operations, of Standard 
Chartered Bank, between 2004 and 
2015. Before that, he held several 
positions in multinational companies, 
such as Vice President of Technology 
and Chief Information Officer, in the 
EMEA region of Dell (1999-2004). 
 
(*)   Where no date is provided, the position is currently held. 
(1)   Member of the Executive Committee.  
(2)   Member of the Audit Committee.  
(3)   Member of the Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee. 
(4)   Member of the Remunerations Committee. 
(5)   Member of the Risk and Compliance Committee. 
(6)   Member of the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee. 
(7)   Lead Director.

--- Page 398 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
398 
 
 
Major Shareholders and Share Capital  
On May 8, 2020, Norges Bank reported that it had voting power over 3.366% of BBVA’s common stock, of 
which 3.235% were voting rights attributed to shares, and 0.131% voting rights through financial instruments. 
On January 28, 2021, Blackrock, Inc. reported to the SEC that it beneficially owned 5.8% of BBVA’s common 
stock. 
On February 8, 2021, GQG Partners LLC reported that it directly had voting power over 3.090% of BBVA’s 
common stock (all voting rights were attributed to shares). 
As of February 23, 2021, no other person, corporation or government beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, 
five percent or more of BBVA’s shares. BBVA’s major shareholders do not have voting rights which are 
different from those held by the rest of its shareholders. To the extent known to us, BBVA is not controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by any other corporation, government or any other natural or legal person. As of February 
23, 2021, there were 870,540 registered holders of BBVA’s shares, with an aggregate of 6,667,886,580 shares, 
of which 729 shareholders with registered addresses in the United States held a total of 1,703,004,805 shares 
(including shares represented by American Depositary Shares evidenced by American Depositary Receipts 
(“ADRs”)). Since certain of such shares and ADRs are held by nominees, the foregoing figures are not 
representative of the number of beneficial holders. 
Legal Proceedings  
The Guarantor and its subsidiaries are involved in a number of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings, 
including legal claims and proceedings, civil and criminal regulatory proceedings, governmental investigations 
and proceedings, tax proceedings and other proceedings in jurisdictions around the world.  Legal and regulatory 
actions and proceedings are subject to many uncertainties, and their outcomes, including the timing thereof, the 
amount of fines or the form of any settlements, or changes in business practices the Group may need to 
introduce as a result thereof, any of which may be material, are often difficult to predict, particularly in the early 
stages of a particular legal or regulatory matter. 
As of the date hereof, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries are involved in a number of legal and regulatory actions 
and proceedings in various jurisdictions around the world (including, among others, Spain, Mexico and the 
United States), the adverse resolution of which may adversely affect the Group. See "Risk Factors—The Group 
is party to a number of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings”, "Risk Factors -The Spanish judicial 
authorities are carrying out a criminal investigation relating to the possible bribery, revelation of secrets and 
corruption by BBVA.” 
The Group can provide no assurance that the legal and regulatory actions and proceedings to which it is subject, 
or to which it may become subject in the future or otherwise affected by, will not, if resolved adversely, result in 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial position or results of operations.

--- Page 399 ---
399 
 
 
TAXATION  
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer's 
country of tax residence, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. 
 
Preliminary consideration: Tax residence of the Issuer 
The Issuer is incorporated as a private company with limited liability under the laws of the Netherlands. On the 
basis of section 2 subsection 4 Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969, a company which is incorporated under 
Dutch law, is considered to be resident of the Netherlands for Dutch domestic tax purposes. This 
notwithstanding, the effective management of the company is currently carried out from Spain, since the key 
management and commercial decisions that are necessary to conduct the entity's business are taken from Spain. 
On the basis of such circumstance, the Issuer is also regarded as resident in Spain for tax purposes, as provided 
by Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades). 
Under this scenario in which the Issuer is resident for tax purposes both in Spain and in the Netherlands, the 
provisions contained in the Convention between the Netherlands and Spain for the Avoidance of Double 
Taxation with respect to Taxes on Income and on Net Wealth (the "Convention") apply. The Convention was 
ratified by Instrument made in Madrid on 16 June 1971 and was published on the Spanish National Gazette on 
16 October 1972. 
Pursuant to section 4 of the Convention (which deals with the general criteria followed by the Convention to 
consider a person as a resident of a Contracting State), an entity which is a resident of both Spain and the 
Netherlands is considered to be a resident of the State in which the place of its effective management is located 
(i.e., Spain). 
Responsibility for Withholding 
Payments in respect of Notes will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required 
by law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will (subject to certain exceptions 
described in General Condition 7) pay such additional amounts as will result in the holders of Notes receiving 
such amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding or deduction been 
required. 
Spanish Taxation 
The following summary refers solely to certain Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of the Notes. The tax consequences described in this section are based on the general assumption 
that the Notes are initially registered for clearance and settlement in DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the Notes and 
does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which 
might be subject to special rules. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors as to the 
consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of 
Spain of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving any payments under the Notes. This summary 
is based upon the Spanish State law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date. Regional tax laws may alter the consequences outlined in this 
summary in certain circumstances. References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial owners of the 
Notes. 
Acquisition of the Notes 
The issue of, subscription for, transfer and acquisition of the Notes is exempt from Transfer and Stamp Tax 
(Impuesto sobre Transmisiones Patrimoniales y Actos Jurídicos Documentados) and Value Added Tax 
(Impuesto sobre el Valor Añadido). 
Taxation on the income and transfer of the notes 
The tax treatment of the acquisition, holding and subsequent transfer of the Notes is summarised below and is 
based on the tax regime applicable to the Notes pursuant to Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004 of March 5 
approving the consolidated text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law (Impuesto sobre la Renta de los no

--- Page 400 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
400 
 
 
Residentes) , as amended by Law 26/2014 of 27 November 2014, Law 27/2014 of 27 November 2014 approving 
the consolidated text of the Corporate Income Tax Law (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) and Law 35/2006 of 28 
November 2006 on Personal Tax Law (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas), as amended by Law 
26/2014 of 27 November 2014  Law 19/1991 of 6 June 1991 approving the Wealth Tax Law (Impuesto sobre el 
Patrimonio), and Law 29/1987 of 18 December 1987 approving the Inheritance and Gift Tax Law. 
Consideration has also been given to the rules for the implementation of such regulations (Royal Decree 
1776/2004 of 30 July approving the Non-Resident Income Tax Regulations, Royal Decree 439/2007 of 30 
March, approving the Individuals Income Tax Regulations as amended by Royal Decree 1003/2014 of 5 
December 2014 and Royal Decree 634/2015 of 10 July 2015 approving the Corporate Income Tax Regulations). 
Consideration has also been given to Spanish legislation on the issuance of preferred securities and debt 
securities issued by Spanish financial and non-financial listed entities, either directly or through a subsidiary 
(Law 10/2014, and RD 1065/2007 (as amended by RD 1145/2011), approving the General Regulations relating 
to tax inspection and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply 
taxes). 
Income obtained by Noteholders who are Non-Resident Income Tax payers in Spain in respect of the 
Notes 
Income obtained by Noteholders who are Non-Resident Income Tax payers, both in respect of interest and in 
connection with the transfer, repayment or redemption of the Notes, whether or not through a permanent 
establishment, shall be considered Spanish source income and therefore subject to taxation in Spain under 
Legislative Royal Decree 5/2004 of 5 March approving the Consolidated Non-Resident Income Tax Law, 
amended by Law 26/2014 of 28 November 2014, without prejudice to the provisions contained in any applicable 
tax treaty for the avoidance of double taxation ("DTT"). 
Income not obtained through a permanent establishment in Spain in respect of the Notes 
Income obtained by Noteholders who are not tax resident in Spain acting for these purposes without a 
permanent establishment within Spain is exempt from Non-Resident Income Tax in the terms described under 
"Tax reporting obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor" below.  
Income obtained through a permanent establishment in Spain in respect of the Notes / Corporate Income 
Tax taxpayers 
The holding of Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself create the 
existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Income obtained by non-Spanish resident holders acting through a permanent establishment in Spain in respect 
of the Notes will be taxed under the rules provided by Chapter III of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law. These 
Noteholders will be subject to taxation substantially in the same manner as Spanish Corporate Income Tax 
taxpayers and, therefore, it shall be computed as taxable income in accordance with the general rules set out in 
the Corporate Income Tax Law and will therefore be taxed at the general current rate of 25 per cent. 
Income derived from the transfer and holding of the Notes shall not be subject to withholding tax as provided by 
Section 61(s) of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, to the extent that the Notes are traded on organised 
markets in OECD countries.  
For withholding on income derived from payment of interest, redemption or repayment of the Notes see 
"Taxation - Tax Reporting Obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor". 
In accordance with Section 61 (q) of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, there is no obligation to withhold 
on the income derived from the transfer and holding of the Notes obtained by Spanish Corporate Income Tax

--- Page 401 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
401 
 
 
taxpayers from financial assets represented in book entries form and traded in a Spanish official secondary 
market. 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain 
Income obtained by Noteholders who are Personal Income Tax payers, both as interest and in connection with 
the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes, shall be considered income on investments obtained from 
the assignment of an individual's capital to third parties, as defined in Section 25.2 of Individuals Income Tax 
Law and therefore will be taxed as savings income at the applicable rate currently varying from 19 per cent. to 
26 per cent.  
The above mentioned income will be subject to the corresponding personal income tax withholding at the 
applicable tax rate (currently 19 per cent.). Article 44 of the RD 1065/2007 has established new information 
procedures for debt instruments issued under the Law 10/2014 (which do not require identification of the 
Noteholders) and has provided that the interest will be paid by the relevant Issuer to the Paying Agent for the 
whole amount, provided that such information procedures are complied with. 
Nevertheless, withholding tax at the applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) may have to be deducted by other 
entities (such as depositaries or financial entities), provided that such entities are resident for tax purposes in 
Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor consider that, according to RD 1145/2011, they are not obliged to withhold any 
tax amount provided that the new simplified information procedures (which do not require identification of the 
Noteholders) are complied with by the Paying Agent as it is described in section "Tax Reporting Obligations of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor". 
However, regarding the interpretation of the "Tax Reporting Obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor" please 
refer to "Risk Factors – Spanish Tax Rules". 
Notes registered in Spain in book entry form and traded in a Spanish secondary market 
There is no obligation to withhold tax on the income derived from the transfer or reimbursement of the Notes as 
provided by Section 75 3. (e) of the Personal Income Tax Regulations, to the extent that the Notes are 
represented by book entries and are traded on a Spanish regulated market, except for the part of the price which 
is equivalent to the accrued interest on any transfers which are made within the thirty days immediately prior to 
the maturity of the coupon, when the acquirer is an individual or entity not resident in Spain or is a taxable 
person for Corporate Income Tax purposes and this express income is exempt from the obligation to withhold in 
relation to the acquirer. 
Wealth Tax 
Under Law 19/1991, 6 June 1991, as amended, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth 
Tax on tax year 2021 to the extent that their net worth exceeds €700,000. Therefore, they should take into 
account the value of the Notes which they hold as at 31 December 2021. 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Wealth Tax 
would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and 
rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory, exceed €700,000 would be subject 
to Wealth Tax at the applicable rates, ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5  per cent., without prejudice of any 
exemption that should be applicable and the laws and regulations in force in each Autonomous Region. 
As a consequence of the European Court of Justice Judgment (Case C-127/12), the Wealth Tax Law has been 
amended by Law 26/2014. As a result, non-Spanish tax resident individuals who are residents in the EU or in

--- Page 402 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
402 
 
 
the European Economic Area can apply the legislation of the region in which the highest value of the assets and 
rights of the individuals are located. 
Legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
The transfer of the Notes to individuals by inheritance, legacy or donation shall be subject to the general rules of 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) in accordance with the applicable Spanish 
and State rules even if title passes outside Spain and neither the heir nor the beneficiary, as the case may be, is 
resident in Spain for tax purposes, without prejudice to the provisions of any DTT signed by Spain. 
The effective tax rates, after applying all relevant factors, range between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. 
However, the Judgment from the European Court of Justice dated 3 September 2014 has declared that Spanish 
Inheritance and Gift Tax Law is against the principle of free movement of capital within the EU as the Spanish 
residents are granted tax benefits that, in practice, allow them to pay much lower taxes than non residents. 
According to Law 26/2014, it will be possible to apply tax benefits approved in some Spanish regions to EU 
residents following specific rules. 
In the event that the beneficiary is an entity other than a natural person, the income obtained shall be subject to 
Corporate Income Tax or Non-Resident Income Tax, as the case may be, and without prejudice, in the latter 
event, to the provisions of any DTT that may apply. 
Tax rules for payments made by the Guarantor 
Payments which may be made by the Guarantor to Noteholders, if the Guarantee is enforced, will be subject to 
the same tax rules previously set out for payments made by the Issuer. 
Tax Reporting Obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
RD 1145/2011 modified, among other provisions, article 44 of RD 1065/2007, which sets out the reporting 
obligations applicable to preference shares and debt instruments issued under Law 10/2014. The new procedures 
apply to interest deriving from preference shares and debt instruments to which Law 10/2014 refers, including 
debt instruments issued at a discount for a period equal to or less than twelve months. 
According to the wording of article 44.4 of RD 1065/2007, income derived from securities originally registered 
with a clearing system located in Spain, will be paid free of Spanish withholding tax in respect to non-Spanish-
resident holders (acting or not through a permanent establishment in the Kingdom of Spain) or to legal entities 
that are resident in the Kingdom of Spain for tax purposes and are subject to Corporate Income Tax, provided 
that the entities which hold values registered on its third party accounts or, if applicable, the entities that manage 
clearing systems located outside Spain which have entered into an agreement with such clearing system located 
in Spain, submit a statement to the Issuer in accordance with the form attached as annex to RD 1065/2007 (see 
"Supplementary Annex" below) with the following information: 
(i) 
identification of the securities; 
(ii) 
total amount of income; 
(iii) 
amount of income received by individual with tax residency in Spain which are subject to 
Personal Income Tax; and 
(iv) 
amount of income received that will be paid free of Spanish withholding tax. 
Notes originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain  
Notes originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located in Spain

--- Page 403 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
403 
 
 
According to the literal wording of article 44.5 of RD 1065/2007, income derived from securities originally 
registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain, that are recognised by Spanish 
law or by the law of another OECD country (such as Euroclear or Clearstream), will be paid free of Spanish 
withholding tax provided that the Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer submits a statement to the issuer, in 
accordance with the form attached as annex to RD 1065/2007 (see "Supplementary Annex" below), with the 
following information: 
(i) 
identification of the securities; and 
(ii) 
total amount of the income corresponding to each clearing house located outside Spain. 
Common References 
For these purposes, "income" means interest and the difference, if any, between the aggregate redemption price 
paid upon the redemption of the Notes and the issue price of the Notes. 
In accordance with Section 44 of RD 1065/2007, the statements mentioned above must be provided to the 
relevant Issuer on the business day immediately prior to each interest payment date. In the event that on the date, 
the entities obliged to provide the declaration fail to do so, the relevant Issuer or the Paying Agent on its behalf 
will make a withholding at the general rate (currently 19 per cent.) on the total amount of the return on the 
relevant Notes otherwise payable to such entity. Regarding the interpretation of Article 44 RD 1065/2007 and 
the new simplified information procedures please see "Risk Factors - Spanish tax rules". 
Please note that this is for general information purposes only and is not intended to be nor shall it be deemed to 
be, or constitute legal advice.  
Refund by the Spanish tax authorities 
Noteholders who might otherwise have been entitled to a gross payment but in respect of whom the Principal 
Paying Agent does not provide with the relevant Supplementary Annex on or before the 10th calendar day of the 
month that follows the month in which the interest is payable may seek a refund of Spanish tax withheld directly 
from the Spanish tax authorities. 
Set out below is the Supplementary Annex in English which has been translated from the original Spanish. Such 
translation constitutes a direct, accurate and complete translation of the Spanish language text. In the event of 
any discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the Supplementary Annex and the corresponding 
English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to the Spanish language version of the relevant 
Supplementary Annex only. 
 
ANEXO SUPLEMENTARIO 
SUPPLEMENTARY ANNEX 
Anexo al Reglamento al General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria 
y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, aprobado por 
Real Decreto 1065/2007 
Annex to the General Regulations of the actions and procedures of tax administration and inspection and 
development of common rules of procedures for application of taxes, approved by Royal Decree 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General de 
las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas 
comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4, and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the actions and 
procedures of tax administration and inspection and development of common rules of procedures for application 
of taxes 
Don (nombre), 
Mr (name), 
con número de identificación fiscal (1) 
with tax identification number (1)

--- Page 404 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
404 
 
 
en nombre y representación de (entidad declarante), 
in the name and on behalf of (the reporting entity), 
con número de identificación fiscal (1) 
with tax identification number (1) 
y domicilio en 
and domicile 
en calidad de (marcar la letra que proceda): 
acting as (check the appropriate letter): 
(a) Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) Public Debt Market Participant. 
(b) Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el 
extranjero. 
(b) Clearing System outside of Spain. 
(c) Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación 
y liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
(c) Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties in the clearing system domiciled in 
Spain. 
(d) Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) Paying agent appointed by the issuer. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
The following statement is made according to what is on your own records: 
1. 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1. 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 
Identificación de los valores 
1.1 
Identification of the securities 
1.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) 
1.2 
Date of payment of the income (or refund if securities issued at a discount or segregated): 
1.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son 
valores emitidos al descuento o segregados) 
1.3  
Amount of total income (or total amount to be reimbursed, if any, are securities issued at a 
discount or segregated) 
1.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la 
Renta de las Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en 
cuyo reembolso intervenga una Entidad Gestora 
1.4 
Amount of income corresponding to taxpayers of Natural Person Income Tax, except 
segregated coupons and segregated principal in which repayment involves a Clearing System 
Direct Participant 
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse 
por su importe íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento 
o segregados) 
1.5 
Amount of income which, in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article 44, must be paid in full 
amount (or total amount to be reimbursed if they are securities issued at a discount or 
segregated)

--- Page 405 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
405 
 
 
2. 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44 
2. 
In connection with paragraph 5 of Article 44 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores 
2.1 
Identification of securities 
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) 
2.2 
Date of payment of income (or refund if the securities are issued at a discount or segregated)  
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al 
descuento o segregados) 
2.3 
Total income (or total amount to repay if securities issued at a discount or segregated) 
2.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y 
liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 
Total amount of income corresponding to the clearing system located outside of Spain A. 
2.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y 
liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 
Total amount of income corresponding to the clearing system located outside of Spain B. 
2.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y 
liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 
Total amount of income corresponding to the clearing system located outside of Spain C. 
Lo que declaro en ……………… a .… de ……………...de …. 
I stated this in ………………………………………. on .. of ……………. of ….. 
(1) En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará 
constar el número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de 
residencia. 
(1) In case of individuals, or entities, non-residents without permanent establishment shall include the 
identification number or code as appropriate in accordance with their country of residence.

--- Page 406 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
406 
 
 
 
Irish Taxation  
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Notes. It is based on the laws and 
practice of the Revenue Commissioners currently in force in Ireland as at the date of this Base Prospectus and 
may be subject to change. The summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the Irish 
tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. The summary 
does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only and it does not 
discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder of Notes. Prospective investors 
in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, 
redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of payments thereon under any laws applicable to them. 
Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
(a) 
Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest payable on a loan that may exist for a period in 
excess of one year); 
(b) 
Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being made for a 
period in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the recipient); and 
(c) 
Distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by companies 
that are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax;  
at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) in the case of (a) and (b) above and at the rate of 25 
per cent.in the case of (c) above. 
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the Issuer operate in 
Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the Notes is connected, nor are the Notes held in 
Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in Ireland, then to the extent that payments of interest or 
annual payments arise on the Notes, such payments should not be regarded as payments having an Irish source 
for the purposes of Irish taxation. Similarly, the mere offering of the Notes to Irish investors or the listing of the 
Notes, for example, on Euronext Dublin (if applicable) would not cause the interest to have an Irish source. 
Accordingly, the Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer should not be obliged to deduct any 
amount on account of these Irish withholding taxes from payments made in connection with the Notes. 
Separately, for as long as the Notes are quoted on a stock exchange, a purchaser of the Notes should not be 
obliged to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in connection with the 
purchase of the Notes. 
Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Notes paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in Ireland acting on 
behalf of the beneficial owner of Notes will be subject to Irish encashment tax a 25 per cent. rate, unless it is 
proved, on a claim made in the required manner to the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, that the beneficial 
owner of the Notes entitled to the interest or distribution is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax 
and such interest or distribution is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be income of 
another person that is resident in Ireland.

--- Page 407 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
407 
 
 
 
Dutch Taxation  
The following describes the principal Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition holding and disposal of the 
Notes. This summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax considerations that 
may be relevant to a decision to purchase, to hold, and to dispose of the Notes. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a 
Noteholder may include an individual or entity who does not have the legal title of these Notes, but to whom 
nevertheless the Notes or the income thereof is attributed based on specific statutory provisions or on the basis 
of such individual or entity having an interest in the Notes or the income thereof. Each prospective holder of 
Notes should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
redemption and disposal of the Notes. The discussion of certain Dutch taxes set forth below is included for 
general information purposes only. 
This summary is based on the Dutch tax legislation, published case law, treaties, rules, regulations and similar 
documentation, in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, without prejudice to any amendments introduced 
at a later date and implemented with retroactive effect. 
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom. 
This summary does not describe the consequences of the exchange or the conversion of the Notes. 
Tax position of the Issuer 
Under the Convention, the Issuer is considered to be resident of Spain for tax purposes and therefore the 
Netherlands should refrain from levying corporate income tax on profits generated by the Issuer, except if and to 
the extent such profits are allocable to a Dutch permanent establishment or permanent representative of the 
Issuer. 
Withholding tax 
All payments of interest and principal made by the Issuer under a Note may – except in certain very specific 
cases as described below - be made free of withholding or deduction of, any taxes of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or 
therein. 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) entity 
of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated 
Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent 
establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest 
payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is  not 
considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats 
another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident 
anywhere (also as a hybrid mismatch), all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021).  
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
A holder of the Notes (the "Noteholder") who derives income from a Note or who realises a gain from the 
disposal or redemption of a Note will not be subject to Dutch taxation on such income or gain, provided that: 
(a) 
the Noteholder is neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch tax 
purposes; 
(b) 
the Noteholder does not have an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in Dutch tax law) or an 
interest in an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in Dutch tax law) that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a permanent representative (vaste 
vertegenwoordiger) in the Netherlands and to which enterprise or part of that enterprise, as the case 
may be, the Notes are attributable; 
(c) 
the Noteholder is not entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise that is effectively managed in the 
Netherlands, other than by way of securities and to which enterprise the Notes are attributable;

--- Page 408 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
408 
 
 
(d) 
the Noteholder does not have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a deemed substantial 
interest in the Issuer as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet op de inkomstenbelasting 
2001); and 
(e) 
if the Noteholder is an individual, the Noteholder does not derive benefits from the Notes that are 
taxable as benefits from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden in Nederland) as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, which include, but are 
not limited to, activities in respect of the Notes which are beyond the scope of "regular active asset 
management" (normaal actief vermogensbeheer) or benefits which are derived from the holding, 
whether directly or indirectly, of (a combination of) shares, debt claims or other rights which form a 
"lucrative interest" (lucratief belang). A lucrative interest is an interest which the holder thereof has 
acquired under such circumstances that benefits arising from this lucrative interest are intended to be a 
remuneration for work or services performed by such holder (or a person related to such holder) in the 
Netherlands, whether within or outside an employment relationship, where such lucrative interest 
provides the holder thereof, economically, with certain benefits that have a relationship to the relevant 
work or services. 
Under Dutch tax law a Noteholder will not be deemed a resident, domiciled or carrying on a business in the 
Netherlands by reason only of its holding of the Notes or the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under 
the Notes. 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
No gift or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to the acquisition of the Notes by way of 
gift by, or on the death of, a Noteholder, unless: 
(a) 
the Noteholder is a resident or deemed to be resident of the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
Dutch tax law provisions; or 
(b) 
in the case of a gift of the Notes by an individual who at the date of the gift was neither a resident nor 
deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 days after the date of the 
gift, while being a resident or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands. 
For the purpose of Dutch gift and inheritance tax, an individual who has the Dutch nationality will be deemed to 
be a resident of the Netherlands at the date of the gift or the date of his death, if he has been a resident of the 
Netherlands at any time during the ten years preceding the date of the gift or the date of his death. 
For the purposes of Dutch gift tax, an individual who does not have Dutch nationality will be deemed to be a 
resident of the Netherlands, at the date of the gift, if he has been a resident of the Netherlands at any time during 
the twelve months preceding the date of the gift. 
Value Added Tax 
No Value Added Tax (Omzetbelasting) will arise in the Netherlands in respect of any payment in consideration 
for the issue of the Notes or with respect to any payment of principal or interest by the Issuer on the Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty, other than court fees, will be 
payable in the Netherlands in respect of or in connection with the issue of the Notes.

--- Page 409 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
409 
 
 
 
Swiss Taxation 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) Notes 
where the holder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax presence in Switzerland or (ii) Notes where 
the paying agent is located in Switzerland. The discussion is based on legislation as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. It does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that may 
be relevant for a decision to invest in Notes. The tax treatment for each investor depends on the particular 
situation. All investors are advised to consult with their professional tax advisors as to the respective 
Swiss tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of Notes (or 
options embedded therein) in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments by the Issuer on Notes are not subject to Swiss federal withholding tax provided that the Issuer is at 
all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes.  
Income Taxation 
Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder 
(a) 
Structured Products 
If a Note classifies as a structured product, its income taxation depends on whether the bond and the 
derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein are reported separately from each other and 
whether the Note classifies as a structured product with or without a predominant one-time interest 
payment. 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the embedded bond is not reported separately from 
the embedded derivative financial instrument(s), the Note classifies as non-transparent structured 
product and any return over the initial investment classifies as a taxable interest payment. Non-
transparent derivative financial instruments generally include a predominant one-time interest payment. 
Swiss resident private investors in Notes classified as non-transparent derivative financial instruments 
will be taxed on any interest payments and on any gains, including capital and foreign exchange gains, 
realised on the Notes (differential taxation method). 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest payment: If the 
embedded bond is reported separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and the 
yield-to-maturity at issue solely or predominantly derives from periodic interest payments and not from 
a one-time interest-payment (see below "Transparent derivative financial instruments with a 
predominant one-time interest payment"), then any periodic interest payments and any one-time 
interest payment are taxed when paid to the holder of the Note. Any gain, including in respect of the 
derivative financial instrument(s) embedded in the Note, interest accrued or changes in foreign 
exchange rates or the level of market interest rates realised on the sale of the Note is a tax-free private 
capital gain, whereas a loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss (see below "Capital Gains 
Taxation – Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). The same applies if a Note is 
redeemed except that interest accrued is taxed when paid by the Issuer. 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest payment: If the 
embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and the 
yield-to-maturity at issue exclusively or predominantly derives from a one-time interest-payment such 
as an original issue discount or a redemption premium, and not from periodic interest payments, then 
any periodic interest payments at sale or redemption of the Note as well as the positive difference 
between the value of the embedded bond at sale or redemption and its value at issuance or purchase, as 
applicable, (which difference may include interest accrued on such Note or gain in respect of foreign 
exchange rate appreciation or market interest rate depreciation) (modified differential taxation method), 
converted, in each case, into Swiss francs at the rate of exchange prevailing at the time of sale, 
redemption, issuance or purchase constitutes taxable income. A loss, as determined accordingly, 
realised on the sale or redemption of the Note may be offset against any gains (including periodic 
interest payments) realised within the same taxation period from all financial instruments with a one-
time interest payment. Any residual return realised on the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) 
is a tax-free private capital gain, and any residual loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss (see 
below "Capital Gains Taxation – Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder").

--- Page 410 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
410 
 
 
(b) 
Notes/Bonds 
Notes without a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Note classifies as a pure bond (and the 
yield-to-maturity at issue of the Note exclusively or predominantly derives from periodic interest 
payments and not from a one-time interest-payment), Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on 
the periodic and any one-time interest payments, converted into Swiss francs at the rate of exchange 
prevailing at the time of payment. Any gain, (which may include interest accrued on such Note or gain 
in respect of foreign exchange rate appreciation or depreciation of the level of market interest rates), 
realised on the sale of a Note is a tax-free private capital gain, whereas a loss is a non-tax-deductible 
private capital loss (see below "Capital Gains Taxation – Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss 
Resident Holder").  
Notes with a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Note classifies as a pure bond (and the yield-
to-maturity at issue of the Note exclusively or predominantly derives from a one-time interest-payment 
such as an original issue discount or a redemption premium and not from periodic interest payments), 
Swiss resident private investors will be taxed on any periodic interest payments and  the positive 
difference between the value of such Note at sale or redemption and its value at issuance or secondary 
market purchase, as applicable (which difference may include interest accrued on such Note or gain in 
respect of foreign exchange rate appreciation or market interest rate depreciation) (modified differential 
taxation method), converted into Swiss francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of such 
payment or such sale or redemption. Any losses, as determined accordingly, realised on the sale or 
redemption of the Note may be offset against any gains (including periodic interest payments) realised 
within the same taxation period from all financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest 
payment. 
(c) 
Pure Derivative Financial Instruments 
If a Note which classifies as a pure derivative financial instrument (such as plain vanilla call and put 
options, on shares, commodities, precious metals, currencies or interest rate, including low exercise 
price call options fully prefunding the underlying asset if its maturity does not exceed 12 months 
(except that prefunding must not exceed 25 per cent. if the underlying is an interest rate), low exercise 
price call options prefunding the underlying asset by up to 50 per cent. if its maturity exceeds 12 
months, futures fully prefunding the underlying asset if its maturity does not exceed 12 months and 
futures prefunding the underlying asset by up to 25 per cent. if its maturity exceeds 12 months) and 
such Note is held as part of private assets, only the periodic and one-time dividend equalisation 
payments constitute taxable investment income, and any other return, including option premium 
payments and gain realised on the sale or redemption of such a Note, is a tax-exempt private capital 
gain, whereas a loss is a non-tax deductible private capital loss (see below "Capital Gains Taxation – 
Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). 
(d) 
Fund-like Products 
A Note which classifies as an interest in a collective capital investment scheme or as collective-capital-
investment-like product will be considered a pass-through instrument for Swiss tax purposes if 
dividend and interest income from, and capital gains and losses realized on, the underlying assets, are 
reported and distributed separately. Under such conditions and under the condition that the Issuer 
reports the income items and the capital gain and loss items to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, 
an individual holding such a Note as part of his or her private assets must declare in taxable income 
(which must be reported annually) the dividend and interest distribution (in case the Note is distributing 
the income realized on the underlying investments) or the dividend and interest credited (in case the 
Note is reinvesting the income realized on the underlying investments) as investment income (less 
attributable costs) on the underlying instruments. Any distributions or credits relating to capital gain on 
the underlying assets constitute tax-free private capital gains, and, conversely, any loss attributable a 
non-tax-deductible private capital loss. Gain realized on the sale of such a Note (including gains 
relating to dividends and interest accrued or paid inter-periodically on the underlying assets) is exempt 
from income taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss  is not tax-deductible (see 
below "Capital Gains Taxation – Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder"). If the 
dividend and interest income from, and capital gains and losses realized on, the underlying assets, are 
not reported and distributed separately, or the income items and capital gain and loss items are not 
reported to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, the Swiss Federal Tax Administration can determine 
a taxable market based yield on the net fixed assets (taking into account the assets in which the product 
is invested).

--- Page 411 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
411 
 
 
Notes held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Notes as part of a trade or business in Switzerland (in the case of 
residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment in Switzerland) are required to recognise any 
payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the sale or redemption of, such Notes (irrespective of 
their classification) in their income statement and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for the respective 
taxation period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who are classified by the tax authorities 
as "professional securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing or leveraged investments in 
securities (including Notes).  
Capital Gains Taxation  
Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder 
A gain or a loss realised by an individual resident in Switzerland upon the sale or other disposal of a Note held 
as part of his or her private assets, is a tax-free private capital gain or a non-tax deductible private capital loss, 
respectively (see above under "Notes held as Assets of a Swiss Business" for a summary of the tax treatment of 
individuals classified as "professional securities dealers"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, concerning the 
taxation treatment of Notes which classify as non-transparent notes or Notes which classify as notes with a 
predominant one-time interest payment, see the taxation principles set forth above with regard to the different 
instruments under "Income Taxation – Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). 
Notes held as Assets of a Swiss Business 
Capital gains realised on Notes held as assets of a Swiss business are taxed in accordance with the taxation 
principles set forth above under "Income Taxation – Notes held as Swiss Business Assets". 
Swiss Federal Securities Turnover Tax 
The issue and the sale of a Note by the Issuer on the issuance day (primary market transaction) and the 
redemption of a Note by the Issuer are not subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax, except that the 
issuance by the Issuer of a Note classified as fund-like product where a Swiss domestic bank or a Swiss 
domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party to, or acts as an intermediary, 
for the transaction, may be subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.30 per cent. on the 
consideration paid. 
Secondary market transactions in a Note with a maturity in excess of 12 months where a Swiss domestic bank or 
a Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party to, or acts as an 
intermediary for, the transaction, may, if no statutory exemptions apply, be subject to Swiss securities turnover 
tax at a rate of up to 0.30 per cent. of the purchase price (except that the rate is 0.15 per cent. if the Note is 
classified as low exercise price call option or a future and classified as "sub-participation" in a single stock, a 
single bond or an interest in a single collective capital investment scheme or a single collective-capital-
investment-like product of a Swiss issuer). In contrast, a secondary market transaction in a Note is generally 
exempt from Swiss federal securities turnover tax if the Note classifies as pure derivative financial instrument 
(see above "Income Taxation – Notes held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder – Pure Derivative 
Financial Instruments"). 
The delivery of an Underlying, which classifies as taxable security for purposes of the Swiss federal stamp tax 
act, such as a stock, a bond or an interest in a fund-like product, to the holder of a Note, is subject to Swiss 
federal securities turnover tax at a rate of 0.15 per cent. if the Underlying is a taxable security issued by a Swiss 
resident issuer and at a rate of 0.30 per cent. if the Underlying is a taxable security issued by a non-Swiss 
resident issuer, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer, as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act, is a 
party to, or acts as an intermediary for, the transaction and if no exemption applies. 
Gift, Inheritance and Estate Taxes 
Subject to an applicable international tax treaty in an international scenario, transfers of Notes may be subject to 
cantonal and/or communal inheritance tax, estate tax or gift tax if the deceased person had his or her last 
domicile in Switzerland, the donor is resident in Switzerland, or in the case of a foreign deceased or donor the 
transfer involves an unincorporated business (partnership or sole proprietorship) in Switzerland and Notes are 
held as part of such business. No such taxes exist at the federal level. The rate depends on the relationship (i.e. 
the relationship between the deceased and the heirs, or between the donor and the donee) and the amount of the 
inheritance or gift. Interspousal gifts and gifts to descendants, as well as inheritances of the surviving spouse and 
descendants are normally exempt or taxed at privileged rates. Gifts and inheritances from unrelated persons are

--- Page 412 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
412 
 
 
taxed at rates ranging from 20 per cent. to 60 per cent. The taxable base is usually the market value of the 
property transferred. 
Net Worth and Capital Taxes 
A holder of a Note who is (i) an individual and resident in Switzerland and who holds the Note as a private asset 
or (ii) corporate resident in Switzerland or (iii) an individual or corporate resident outside Switzerland who 
holds the Note as part of a trade or business carrier out through a permanent establishment in Switzerland, is 
required to report such Note as part of private assets or as part of the Swiss business assets, as applicable, and is 
subject to annual cantonal and/or communal private wealth tax or capital tax, as applicable, on any net taxable 
wealth (including the Notes or net taxable capital, as applicable, which tax will, if such holder is an individual or 
corporate taxpayer resident outside of Switzerland holding the Note as part of Swiss business assets as described 
in clause (iii) above, be limited to the extent such net taxable wealth or capital, as applicable, is attributable to 
Switzerland. 
Non-Swiss Resident Holders 
A holder of a Note who is not resident in Switzerland for tax purposes and who during the taxation period has 
not engaged in trade or business carried on through permanent establishment in Switzerland, to which the Note 
is attributable, will in respect of such Note not be subject to income tax, capital gains tax, net wealth tax or 
capital tax in Switzerland. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer has 
registered with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service as a reporting foreign financial institution for these purposes. 
A number of jurisdictions (including Spain and the Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an 
IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining "foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be

--- Page 413 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
413 
 
 
"grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by 
reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under the section of the 
applicable Product Annex entitled "Terms and Conditions – Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from 
previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all such Notes, including those Notes offered 
prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes. 
U.S. Section 871(m) Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 Code treats U.S. "dividend equivalent" payments as 
dividends from sources within the United States for United States tax purposes. Under Section 871(m), such 
payments generally would be subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax that may be reduced by an 
applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial 
owner timely claims a credit or refund from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"). A "dividend 
equivalent" payment is (i) a substitute dividend payment made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-
repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the 
payment of a dividend from sources within the United States; (ii) a payment made pursuant to a "specified 
notional principal contract" that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the 
payment of a dividend from sources within the United States; or (iii) any other payment determined by the IRS 
to be substantially similar to a payment described in (i) and (ii). U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 
871(m) (the "Section 871(m) Regulations") require withholding on payments to certain non-U.S. holders of 
Notes with respect to amounts treated as attributable to dividends from certain U.S. securities. Under the Section 
871(m) Regulations, only Notes that have an expected economic return sufficiently similar to that of the 
underlying U.S. securities as determined on the Notes' issue date based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) 
Regulations ("871(m) Notes") will be subject to the Section 871(m) withholding regime. The Section 871(m) 
Regulations provide certain exceptions to this withholding requirement, in particular for instruments linked to 
certain broad-based indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made on an 
871(m) Note or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by a non-U.S. holder of an 871(m) Note. If 
the underlying U.S. security or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the 871(m) Note, 
withholding will generally still be required even if the 871(m) Note does not provide for payments explicitly 
linked to dividends. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that 871(m) withholding is required in 
respect of any payment on any Note, neither the Issuer nor any of its agents will be required to pay any 
additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. 
If the Issuer states in the Final Terms of any Series of Notes, that such Series are 871(m) Notes, then any non-
U.S. holder of the Securities should expect payments under such notes to be subject to 871(m) withholding in 
respect of any dividend-paying U.S. securities underlying those Notes. The Section 871(m) Regulations require 
complex calculations to be made with respect to Securities linked to U.S. securities and their application to a 
specific Series of Notes may be uncertain. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the 
potential application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.

--- Page 414 ---
414 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealer(s) have, in a programme agreement (as further modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated 15 July 2021 agreed with the Issuer and the Guarantor a 
basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will 
extend to those matters stated under "Form of Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer (and, failing which, the Guarantor) have agreed to reimburse the Dealer(s) for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the 
issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealer(s) against certain liabilities incurred by them 
in connection therewith. 
The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Notes, certain persons participating in the offering of the 
Tranche may engage in transactions that stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the relevant 
Notes during and after the offering of the Tranche. Specifically such persons may over-allot or create a short 
position in the Notes for their own account by selling more Notes than have been sold to them by the Issuer. 
Such persons may also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Notes in the open market. In 
addition, such persons may stabilise or maintain the price of the Notes by bidding for or purchasing Notes in the 
open market and may impose penalty bids, under which selling concessions allowed to syndicate members or 
other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the Notes are reclaimed if Notes previously distributed in the 
offering are repurchased in connection with stabilisation transactions or otherwise. The effect of these 
transactions may be to stabilise or maintain the market price of the Notes at a level above that which might 
otherwise prevail for a limited period after the Issue Date. The imposition of a penalty bid may also affect the 
price of the Notes to the extent that it discourages resales thereof. No representation is made as to the magnitude 
or effect of any such stabilisation or other transactions. Such transactions, if commenced, may be discontinued 
at any time and must be brought to an end after a limited period. Under UK laws and regulations stabilisation 
activities may only be carried on by the Stabilisation Manager named in the Final Terms (or persons acting on 
its behalf) and may only continue for a limited period following the Issue Date (or, if the ending day would be 
earlier, 60 days after the date of allotment) of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult legal 
counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes.1 
Each person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Note will be deemed to have acknowledged, 
represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation 
S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that (i) it is a QIB who is also a QP, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs who are also QPs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in 
reliance on Rule 144A, or (ii) it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. state securities laws and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as 
set forth below; 
(c) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note and either is a person located outside the 
United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the 
Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do so, prior to the date which is one year after the 
later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of the 
Issuer was the owner of such Notes, only (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) inside the United 
States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB who is also a QP purchasing for its 
own account or for the account of a QIB who is also a QP in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A, (iii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the 
Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the 
 
1 In no event Notes to be offered or sold in the United States will be Book-Entry Notes

--- Page 415 ---
415 
 
 
Securities Act (if available) or (v) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities 
Act, in each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. state securities laws; 
(d) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (c) above, if then applicable; 
(e) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs who are also QPs will be represented by one or 
more Rule 144A Global Notes, that Notes offered to Institutional Accredited Investors who are also 
QPs will be in the form of Definitive IAI Registered Notes and that Notes offered outside the United 
States in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes; 
(f) 
that the Notes, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the following effect 
unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND THE ISSUER HAS 
NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN "INVESTMENT COMPANY" UNDER THE U.S. 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "1940 ACT"). NEITHER THIS NOTE 
NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, 
TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS SUCH 
TRANSACTION IS REGISTERED PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, OR 
IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH DO NOT REQUIRE THE ISSUER TO 
REGISTER UNDER THE 1940 ACT. 
BY PURCHASING THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY, EACH HOLDER OF ANY BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST HEREIN WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE 
ISSUER AND FOR ANY AGENT OR SELLER WITH RESPECT TO THE NOTES THAT IT (I)(A) IS AN 
"ELIGIBLE INVESTOR" (AS DEFINED BELOW), (B) WILL HOLD AT LEAST THE MINIMUM 
DENOMINATION OF U.S.$250,000, (C) WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF APPLICABLE TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS TO ANY SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE, INCLUDING DELIVERING TO EACH 
TRANSFEREE A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND, (D) IS 
PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNTS OF ONE OR MORE OTHER 
PERSONS EACH OF WHOM MEETS ALL OF THE PRECEDING REQUIREMENTS AND (E) AGREES 
THAT IT WILL NOT REOFFER, RESELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE NOTES OR ANY 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN TO ANY PERSON EXCEPT TO A PERSON THAT MEETS ALL OF 
THE PRECEDING REQUIREMENTS AND AGREES NOT TO SUBSEQUENTLY TRANSFER THE 
NOTES OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS CLAUSE 
(E) OR (II) IS NOT A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THE NOTES PURSUANT TO RULE 903 OR 
904 OF REGULATION S. IN THE EVENT OF ANY TRANSFER PURSUANT TO THE PRECEDING 
CLAUSE (II), (1) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO HAVE THE NOTES SO TRANSFERRED 
TO BE REPRESENTED BY AN INTEREST IN THE REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE (AS DEFINED IN 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS); (2) THE TRANSFEROR WILL BE REQUIRED TO DELIVER A TRANSFER 
CERTIFICATE (THE FORM OF WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND IS 
AVAILABLE FROM THE TRANSFER AGENT), AND (3) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO 
CERTIFY AS TO ITS STATUS AS A NON-U.S. PERSON. ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF 
THIS NOTE MADE OTHER THAN IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS SHALL 
NOT BE RECOGNISED BY THE ISSUER, THE REGISTRAR OR ANY OTHER AGENT OF THE ISSUER. 
"ELIGIBLE INVESTORS" ARE DEFINED FOR THE PURPOSES HEREOF AS PERSONS WHO ARE 
"QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS" AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
("QIBS") THAT ARE ALSO "QUALIFIED PURCHASERS" AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(A)(51)(A) OF 
THE 1940 ACT ("QPS"), ACTING FOR THEIR OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHER 
QIBS WHO ARE ALSO QPS, OR PERSONS WHO ARE INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS 
AND QPS, BUT EXCLUDING THEREFROM: (I) QIBS THAT ARE BROKER DEALERS THAT OWN 
AND INVEST ON A DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN U.S.$25 MILLION IN "SECURITIES" AS 
SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER RULE 144A, (II) A PARTNERSHIP, COMMON TRUST FUND, 
SPECIAL TRUST, PENSION FUND, RETIREMENT PLAN OR OTHER ENTITY IN WHICH THE 
PARTNERS, BENEFICIARIES OR PARTICIPANTS, AS THE CASE MAY BE, MAY DESIGNATE THE 
PARTICULAR INVESTMENTS TO BE MADE OR THE ALLOCATION THEREOF, (III) AN ENTITY 
THAT WAS FORMED, REFORMED OR RECAPITALISED FOR THE SPECIFIC PURPOSE OF 
INVESTING IN THE NOTES, (IV) ANY INVESTMENT COMPANY EXCEPTED FROM THE 1940 ACT

--- Page 416 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
416 
 
 
SOLELY PURSUANT TO SECTION 3(C)(1) OR SECTION 3(C)(7) THEREOF AND FORMED PRIOR TO 
30 APRIL 1996, THAT HAS NOT RECEIVED THE CONSENT OF ITS BENEFICIAL OWNERS WITH 
RESPECT TO THE TREATMENT OF SUCH ENTITY AS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER IN THE MANNER 
REQUIRED BY SECTION 2(A)(51)(C) OF THE 1940 ACT AND RULES AND REGULATIONS 
THEREUNDER AND (V) ANY ENTITY THAT WILL HAVE INVESTED MORE THAN 40 PER CENT. OF 
ITS ASSETS IN SECURITIES OF THE ISSUER SUBSEQUENT TO ANY PURCHASE OF THE NOTES.  
THE PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER OR ANY DEALER RESERVE THE RIGHT 
PRIOR TO ANY SALE OR OTHER TRANSFER TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH 
CERTIFICATIONS, LEGAL OPINIONS AND OTHER INFORMATION AS THE ISSUER OR ANY 
DEALER MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE PROPOSED SALE OR OTHER 
TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS. EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IN THE EVENT THAT AT ANY TIME 
THE ISSUER DETERMINES OR IS NOTIFIED BY THE DEALER(S) THAT SUCH PURCHASER WAS IN 
BREACH, AT THE TIME GIVEN OR DEEMED TO BE GIVEN, OF ANY OF THE REPRESENTATIONS 
OR AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN THIS LEGEND OR OTHERWISE DETERMINES THAT ANY 
TRANSFER OR OTHER DISPOSITION OF ANY NOTES WOULD, IN THE SOLE DETERMINATION OF 
THE ISSUER, REQUIRE THE ISSUER TO REGISTER AS AN "INVESTMENT COMPANY" UNDER THE 
PROVISIONS OF THE 1940 ACT, SUCH PURCHASE OR OTHER TRANSFER WILL BE VOID AB 
INITIO AND WILL NOT BE HONORED BY THE REGISTRAR. ACCORDINGLY, ANY SUCH 
PURPORTED TRANSFEREE OR OTHER HOLDER WILL NOT BE ENTITLED TO ANY RIGHTS AS A 
NOTEHOLDER AND THE ISSUER SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES, TO FORCE THE TRANSFER OF OR REDEMPTION OF ANY SUCH 
NOTES.  
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLERS OF THE NOTES MAY 
BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES 
ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A. TERMS WHICH ARE USED IN THIS LEGEND WHICH ARE 
DEFINED IN RULE 144A HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM UNDER SUCH RULE. 
THE NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE PURCHASED OR HELD BY (A) ANY 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT 
INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA")), (B) ANY PLAN SUBJECT TO SECTION 
4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED OR (C) ANY ENTITY WHOSE 
UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF A PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN THE 
ENTITY (WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATIONS SECTION 
2510.3-101 AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA).  
 THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE THEREOF AND ANY ENTITLEMENT(S) DO NOT 
CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY 
FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. COMMODITY 
EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED (THE "CEA"), AND TRADING IN THE SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN 
APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE 
CEA.THIS NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE 
AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM 
TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH 
NOTES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE 
IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES 
RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE 
HOLDER OF THIS NOTE SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO 
HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE 
CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS 
NOTE AND ANY NOTES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR 
NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)."; 
(g) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the 
Notes prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the later of 
the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance of the 
Notes), it will do so only (i) (A) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under 
the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB who is also a QP in compliance with Rule 144A and (ii) in

--- Page 417 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
417 
 
 
accordance with all applicable U.S. state securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Regulation S 
Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND THE ISSUER HAS 
NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN "INVESTMENT COMPANY" UNDER THE U.S. 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "1940 ACT"). NEITHER THIS NOTE 
NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, 
TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS SUCH 
TRANSACTION IS REGISTERED PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, OR 
IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH DO NOT REQUIRE THE ISSUER TO 
REGISTER UNDER THE 1940 ACT. 
EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE FOR THE 
BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT, IF IT SHOULD DECIDE TO DISPOSE OF THE NOTES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE PRIOR TO THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD 
OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION, BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS 
REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE OFFERED, RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH 
WILL NOT REQUIRE THE ISSUER TO REGISTER AS AN "INVESTMENT COMPANY" UNDER THE 
1940 ACT. ACCORDINGLY, ANY TRANSFERS OF THE NOTES PRIOR TO THE TERMINATION OF 
THE DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD MAY ONLY BE MADE: (A) TO A NON-U.S. PERSON IN 
A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (B) TO OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON 
IN A TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO RULE 144A OR REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT TO PERSONS WHO QUALIFY AS "ELIGIBLE INVESTORS" (AS DEFINED BELOW). IN THE 
CASE OF ANY SUCH TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (B), (1) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE 
REQUIRED TO HAVE THE NOTES SO TRANSFERRED TO BE REPRESENTED BY AN INTEREST IN A 
RULE 144A GLOBAL NOTE OR A DEFINITIVE IAI REGISTERED NOTE (AS DEFINED IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS); (2) THE TRANSFEROR WILL BE REQUIRED TO DELIVER A TRANSFER 
CERTIFICATE (THE FORM OF WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND IS 
AVAILABLE FROM THE TRANSFER AGENT), AND (3) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO 
EXECUTE AN INVESTMENT LETTER (THE FORM OF WHICH IS ALSO ATTACHED TO THE 
AGENCY AGREEMENT) CERTIFYING, AMONG OTHER THINGS, ITS STATUS AS AN ELIGIBLE 
INVESTOR. 
"ELIGIBLE INVESTORS" ARE DEFINED FOR THE PURPOSES HEREOF AS PERSONS WHO ARE 
"QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS" AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
("QIBS") THAT ARE ALSO "QUALIFIED PURCHASERS" AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2(A)(51)(A) OF 
THE 1940 ACT ("QPS"), ACTING FOR THEIR OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHER 
QIBS WHO ARE ALSO QPS, OR PERSONS WHO ARE INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS 
AND QPS, BUT EXCLUDING THEREFROM: (I) QIBS THAT ARE BROKER DEALERS THAT OWN 
AND INVEST ON A DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN U.S.$25 MILLION IN "SECURITIES" AS 
SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER RULE 144A, (II) A PARTNERSHIP, COMMON TRUST FUND, 
SPECIAL TRUST, PENSION FUND, RETIREMENT PLAN OR OTHER ENTITY IN WHICH THE 
PARTNERS, BENEFICIARIES OR PARTICIPANTS, AS THE CASE MAY BE, MAY DESIGNATE THE 
PARTICULAR INVESTMENTS TO BE MADE OR THE ALLOCATION THEREOF, (III) AN ENTITY 
THAT WAS FORMED, REFORMED OR RECAPITALISED FOR THE SPECIFIC PURPOSE OF 
INVESTING IN THE NOTES, (IV) ANY INVESTMENT COMPANY EXCEPTED FROM THE 1940 ACT 
SOLELY PURSUANT TO SECTION 3(c)(1) OR SECTION 3(c)(7) THEREOF AND FORMED PRIOR TO 
30 APRIL 1996, THAT HAS NOT RECEIVED THE CONSENT OF ITS BENEFICIAL OWNERS WITH 
RESPECT TO THE TREATMENT OF SUCH ENTITY AS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER IN THE MANNER 
REQUIRED BY SECTION 2(a)(51)(c) OF THE 1940 ACT AND RULES AND REGULATIONS 
THEREUNDER AND (V) ANY ENTITY THAT WILL HAVE INVESTED MORE THAN 40 PER CENT. OF 
ITS ASSETS IN SECURITIES OF THE ISSUER SUBSEQUENT TO ANY PURCHASE OF THE NOTES. 
EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY 
RECEIVE A LIST OF ALL PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN ITS NOTES FROM ONE OR 
MORE BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITARIES AND THAT THE PARTICIPANTS MAY FURTHER DISCLOSE 
TO THE ISSUER THE NAMES AND POSITIONS OF HOLDERS OF ITS NOTES.

--- Page 418 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
418 
 
 
THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE THEREOF AND ANY ENTITLEMENT(S) DO NOT CONSTITUTE, 
AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, A CONTRACT OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE 
DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS 
AMENDED (THE "CEA"), AND TRADING IN THE NOTES HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. 
COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE CEA"; and 
(h) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring 
any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, each Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a 
QP who purchases Registered Notes in definitive form offered and sold in the United States in reliance upon the 
exemption from registration provided by Regulation D of the Securities Act is required to execute and deliver to 
the Registrar an Investment Letter. Upon execution and delivery of an Investment Letter by an Institutional 
Accredited Investor who is also a QP, Notes will be issued in definitive registered form, see "Form of Notes". 
Each QIB who is also a QP who purchases Rule 144A Global Notes offered and sold in the United States in 
reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A of the Securities Act is required to 
execute and deliver to the Registrar an Investment Letter.  
The Investment Letter referred to above shall include the following representations and agreements (undefined 
terms used in this section that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
Purchaser Requirements. Notes may be offered in the United States to a purchaser who: (i) is an 
Eligible Investor (as defined below), (ii) will hold at least the minimum denomination of US$250,000, 
(iii) will provide notice of applicable transfer restrictions to any subsequent transferee (and each 
subsequent transferee will be deemed to have made the same representations and agreements contained 
in clauses (i) through (v) of this paragraph), (iv) understands that the issuer may receive a list of all 
participants holding positions in its Notes from one or more book-entry depositaries and that the 
participants may further disclose to the issuer the names and positions of holders of its Notes, and (v) is 
purchasing for its own account or for the accounts of one or more other persons each of whom meets 
all of the requirements of clauses (i) through (v) and over which it exercises sole investment discretion.  
(b) 
Notice of Transfer Restrictions. Each purchaser acknowledges and agrees that (a) the Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Issuer has not been registered as an 
"investment company" under the 1940 Act, (b) neither the Notes nor any beneficial interest therein may 
be re-offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in accordance with the provisions set out 
in paragraph (a) above and (c) the purchaser will notify any transferee of such transfer restrictions and 
that each subsequent holder will be required to notify any subsequent transferee of such Notes of such 
transfer restrictions. 
(c) 
Mandatory Transfer/Redemption. Each purchaser acknowledges and agrees that in the event that at 
any time the Issuer determines or is notified by a Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer that such 
purchaser was in breach, at the time given or deemed to be given, of any of the representations or 
agreements set out in paragraph (a) above or otherwise determines that any transfer or other disposition 
of any Notes would, in the sole determination of the Issuer or a Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer, 
require the Issuer to register as an "investment company" under the provisions of the 1940 Act, such 
purchase or other transfer will be void ab initio and will not be honoured by the Registrar.  
Accordingly, any such purported transferee or other holder will not be entitled to any rights as a 
Noteholder and the Issuer shall have the right, in accordance with the conditions of the Notes, to force 
the transfer of, transfer on behalf of the Noteholder or redeem, any such Notes. 
(d) 
Rule 144A Information. Each purchaser of Notes offered and sold in the United States under Rule 
144A is hereby notified that the offer and sale of such Notes to it is being made in reliance upon the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The Issuer 
has agreed to furnish to investors upon request such information as may be required by Rule 144A. 
(e) 
ERISA. If the purchaser is a U.S. person purchasing an interest in a Rule 144A Global Note, it is not a 
benefit plan investor, is not using the assets of a benefit plan investor to acquire such Notes and shall 
not at any time hold such Notes for a benefit plan investor (including assets that may be held in an 
insurance company's separate or general accounts where assets in such accounts may be deemed "plan

--- Page 419 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
419 
 
 
assets" for purposes of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA")). For the purposes hereof, the term "benefit plan investor" means (a) any employee benefit 
plan (as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA), (b) any plan described in section 4975(e)(1) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code, or (b) any entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of a 
plan's investment in the entity (within the meaning of the U.S. Department of Labor Regulations 
Section 2510.3-101 as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
(f) 
Relevant Information. The purchaser has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and such other 
information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision. 
(g) 
Legends on Global Notes. Each purchaser acknowledges that each of the Rule 144A Global Note and 
the Regulation S Global Note will bear legends substantially to the effect set out in this Base 
Prospectus and that the Issuer has covenanted not to remove either such legend so long as it shall be 
necessary for the Issuer to rely on the exception to the 1940 Act. 
(h) 
Regulation S Transfers During the Distribution Compliance Period. If the purchaser has acquired a 
portion of a Regulation S Global Note in a sale or other transfer being made in reliance upon 
Regulation S, the purchaser agrees that during the Distribution Compliance Period it will not offer, 
resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such portion of such Regulation S Global Note to or for the account 
or benefit of any U.S. person other than to a person meeting the requirements set out in paragraph (a) 
above and in the legend set out on the Regulation S Global Note. 
If the purchaser is an Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP, the Investment Letter will also contain 
the following representations and agreements: 
(i) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP is an Institutional Accredited Investor within 
the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act and is a 
"qualified purchaser" within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended and the rules and regulations thereunder ("QP"), and has such 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits 
and risks of its investment in the Notes, and it and any accounts for which it is acting are each able to 
bear the economic risk of its or any such accounts' investment for an indefinite period of time. 
(j) 
that, in the event that the Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP purchases Notes, it will 
acquire Notes having a minimum purchase price of at least US$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent 
in another Specified Notes Currency). 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than US$250,000 (or its 
foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors who 
are also QPs, US$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount and no Legended Note will be 
issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller nominal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary 
acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least US$250,000 (or its foreign 
currency equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors who are also QPs, US$500,000 
(or its foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount of Registered Notes. 
Any transfer or other disposition of any Notes that would, in the sole determination of the Issuer, require the 
Issuer to register as an "investment company" under the provisions of the 1940 Act will be void ab initio, and 
such transfer or other disposition will not be recognised by the Issuer. If, at any time a Note is held by or on 
behalf of a U.S. person who is not an Eligible Investor at the time it purchases such Note the Issuer may, in its 
discretion and at the expense and risk of such holder, (a) redeem such Notes, in whole or in part, to permit the 
Issuer to avoid registration under the 1940 Act or (b) require any such holder to transfer such Notes to an 
Eligible Investor or to a non-U.S. person outside the United States or cause such Notes to be transferred on 
behalf of the Noteholder. The determination of which Notes will be redeemed or sold in any particular case is in 
the discretion of the Issuer 
Selling Restrictions 
General Selling Restrictions 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that Notes may be directed to any category of potential 
investors unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Arranger has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
that:

--- Page 420 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
420 
 
 
(i) 
unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been or will be taken in any 
country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Notes, or 
possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in such country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required; and 
(ii) 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it 
for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Dealer(s) represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any Note comes are required by the Issuer 
and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, 
in all cases at their own expense. 
United States 
Neither the Notes nor the Guarantee, nor any Entitlement(s) to be delivered in respect of Notes where physical 
delivery is specified as applicable, have been or will be registered under the Securities Act and the Notes may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Notes may be offered in the United States to a purchaser: (i) who is an Eligible Investor (as defined below), (ii) 
will hold at least the minimum denomination of US$250,000 (or equivalent in the relevant currency), (iii) will 
provide notice of applicable transfer restrictions to any subsequent transferee (and each subsequent transferee 
will be deemed to have made the same representations and agreements contained in clauses (i) through (v) of 
this paragraph), (iv) understands that the issuer may receive a list of all participants holding positions in its 
Notes from one or more book-entry depositaries and that the participants may further disclose to the issuer the 
names and positions of holders of its Notes, and (v) is purchasing for its own account or for the accounts of one 
or more other persons each of whom meets all of the requirements of clauses (i) through (v) and over which it 
exercises sole investment discretion. 
Each purchaser who satisfies clauses (i) through (v) above acknowledges and agrees that in the event that at any 
time the Issuer determines or is notified by a Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer that such purchaser was in 
breach, at the time given or deemed to be given, of any of the representations or agreements set out in clauses (i) 
through (v) above or otherwise determines that any transfer or other disposition of any Notes would, in the sole 
determination of the Issuer or a Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer, require the Issuer to register as an 
"investment company" under the provisions of the 1940 Act, such purchase or other transfer will be void ab 
initio and will not be honoured by the Registrar. Accordingly, any such purported transferee or other holder will 
not be entitled to any rights as a Noteholder and the Issuer shall have the right, in accordance with the conditions 
of the Notes, to force the transfer of, transfer on behalf of the Noteholder or redeem, any such Notes. 
Such Notes will be offered by BBVA (acting through its agent BBVA Securities Inc.) (in such capacity, the 
"Initial Purchaser"). 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The Final 
Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.  
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, in connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United 
States in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under 
Regulation S ("Regulation S Notes"), that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S Notes (a) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as 
determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the

--- Page 421 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
421 
 
 
relevant lead manager, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a part, within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. The Arranger has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which 
it sells any Regulation S Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
As used herein, "United States" means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia), its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction; and "U.S. person" means (i) 
an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity 
organised in or under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof or which has its principal 
place of business in the United States; (iii) any estate or trust which is subject to United States federal income 
taxation regardless of the source of its income; (iv) any trust if a court within the United States is able to 
exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and if one or more United States trustees have 
the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust; (v) a pension plan for the employees, officers or 
principals of a corporation, partnership or other entity described in (ii) above; (vi) any entity organised 
principally for passive investment, 10 per cent. or more of the beneficial interests in which are held by persons 
described in (i) to (v) above if such entity was formed principally for the purpose of investment by such persons 
in a commodity pool the operator of which is exempt from certain requirements of Part 4 of the CFTC's 
regulations by virtue of its participants being non-U.S. persons; or (vii) any other "U.S. Person" as such term 
may be defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act or in regulations adopted under the Commodity 
Exchange Act, as amended. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealer(s) may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs who are also QPs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such 
purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealer(s) may be relying on the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and one or more exemptions and/or exclusions from 
regulation under the CEA. The minimum aggregate nominal amount of Notes which may be purchased by a 
QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is US$250,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any other currency). To the 
extent that the Issuer is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) 
of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer has 
agreed to furnish to holders of Notes and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, 
such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4) so long as the Notes are considered restricted 
securities within the meaning of Rule 144A(a)(3) under the Securities Act. 
The Notes, the Guarantee and any Entitlement(s) do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of 
sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, and trading in the Notes has not 
been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission pursuant to the CEA. 
Each issuance of Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions 
shall be set out in the Final Terms. 
1940 Act compliance 
As described above, the Issuer has not been and will not be registered as an "investment company" under the 
1940 Act and, accordingly, the Notes may only be sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons in compliance with Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. In general, the Section 3(c)(7) exception 
excludes from the definition of an investment company any issuer whose outstanding securities are owned 
exclusively by persons who are "Qualified Purchasers" (or "QPs", as defined in Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the 1940 
Act and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder) and that has not 
made a public offering of its securities. Consequently, the relevant Notes may only be offered, sold, resold, 
delivered or transferred (a) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, in a 
transaction made in compliance with both Rule 144A and Section 3(c)(7) under the 1940 Act to persons that are 
Eligible Investors (as defined below) or (b) outside the United States to persons that are not U.S. persons in 
offshore transactions in reliance on Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S. 
"Eligible Investors" are defined as persons who are QIBs and also QPs acting for their own account or for the 
account of other QIBs who are also QPs, or persons who are Institutional Accredited Investors and also QPs, but

--- Page 422 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
422 
 
 
excluding therefrom: (i) QIBs that are broker dealers that own and invest on a discretionary basis less than 
US$25 million in "securities" of unaffiliated issuers (ii) a partnership, common trust fund, special trust, pension 
fund, retirement plan or other entity in which the partners, beneficiaries or participants, as the case may be, may 
designate the particular investments to be made or the allocation thereof, (iii) an entity that was formed, 
reformed or recapitalised for the specific purpose of investing in the Notes, (unless each beneficial owner of 
such entity is a QP), (iv) any investment company excepted from the 1940 Act solely pursuant to Section 3(c)(1) 
or Section 3(c)(7) thereof and formed prior to 30 April 1996, that has not received the consent of its beneficial 
owners with respect to the treatment of such entity as a qualified purchaser in the manner required by Section 
2(a)(51)(C) of the 1940 Act and rules thereunder, and (v) any entity that will have invested more than 40 per 
cent. of its assets in securities of the Issuer subsequent to any purchase of the Notes. 
European Economic Area (EEA)  
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" will be 
selected to be "Not applicable" in Part B of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions apply: 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State"), the Arranger has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by 
the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified 
in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for 
the purpose of such Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded). 
 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" will be 
selected to be "applicable" in Part B of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions apply: The Arranger 
has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 423 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
423 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and  
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms  in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", the Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, 
the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
In addition to the selling restrictions set out for each Member State of the European Economic Area please see  
"Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation" above and "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" above. 
Austria 
No prospectus has been or will be approved by the Austrian Financial Market Authority 
(Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde) and/or published pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other document connected therewith may be distributed, 
passed on or disclosed to any other person in Austria, save as specifically agreed with the Dealers. No steps may 
be taken that would constitute a public offering of the Notes in Austria and the offering of the Notes may not be 
advertised in Austria. The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the 
programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will offer the Notes in Austria only in compliance 
with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz), as 
amended, and all other laws and regulations in Austria applicable to the offer and sale of the Notes in Austria. 
Finland 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that the Notes may only be offered or sold in compliance with all applicable 
provisions of the laws of Finland and especially in compliance with the Finnish Securities Market Act 
(arvopaperimarkkinalaki (746/2012), as amended) and any regulation or rule made thereunder, as supplemented 
and amended from time to time.

--- Page 424 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
424 
 
 
France 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the Notes (including any 
communications à caractère promotionnel) have been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des 
Marchés Financiers. 
Unless it is specified in the relevant Final Terms that an offer of Notes will be made in France, the following 
will apply: the Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be require to agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the 
public in France. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms nor any other offering material relating to the Notes has 
been or will be:  
(a) released, issued, distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France; or  
(b) used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the Notes to the public in France. 
Such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) 
and/or to a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d'investisseurs) acting for their own account, all as 
defined in, and in accordance with, articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-2 to D.411-4, D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-
1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
The direct or indirect resale of Notes to the public in France may be made only as provided by, and in 
accordance with, articles L. 411-1, L. 411-2, L. 412-1 and L. 621-8 to L. 621-8-2 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier. 
In addition, the Arranger and the Issuer have represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and 
will not distribute or cause to be distributed in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Notes other than to investors to whom offers and sales of Notes in France 
may be made as described above. 
Germany  
The Arranger has represented and and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted 
or advertised in the Federal Republic of Germany other than in compliance with the German Securities 
Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz), as amended, or any other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of 
Germany governing the issue, offering and sale of securities.  
Ireland 
The Arranger has represented and agrees that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place 
or underwrite the Notes, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of: 
(a) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the "MiFID 
II Regulations"), including, without limitation, Regulations 5 (Requirements for Authorisation (and 
certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, any rules or codes of conduct made under 
the MiFID II Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the "Companies Act"), the Central Bank Acts 1942-2015 
(as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 
(as amended); 
(c) 
the Regulation (2017/1129), the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules and 
guidelines issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act by the Central Bank; and

--- Page 425 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
425 
 
 
(d) 
the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under 
Section 1370 of the Companies Act. 
Portugal 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
no document, circular, advertisement or any offering material in relation to the Notes has been or will 
be subject to approval by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de 
Valores Mobiliários, the "CMVM");  
(b) 
it has not, without the prior approval of the CMVM, directly or indirectly taken any action or offered, 
advertised, submitted to an investment gathering procedure, sold or delivered and will not, without the 
prior approval of the CMVM, directly or indirectly offer, advertise, submit to an investment gathering 
procedure, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Notes in circumstances which could qualify as a public 
offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores 
Mobiliários, the "CVM"); 
(c) 
it has not, directly or indirectly, distributed and will not, directly or indirectly, distribute to the public in 
the Republic of Portugal the Base Prospectus or any document, circular, advertisements or any offering 
material in relation to the Notes, without the prior approval of the CMVM; and 
(d) 
it will comply with all applicable provisions of the CVM and any applicable CMVM regulations and all 
relevant Portuguese laws and regulations, in any such case that may be applicable to it in respect of any 
offer or sales of Notes by it in the Republic of Portugal. 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the 
Republic of Portugal and with the Prospectus Regulation regarding the placement of any Notes in the 
Portuguese jurisdiction or to any entities which are resident in the Republic of Portugal, including the 
publication of a prospectus, when applicable, and that such placement shall only be authorised and performed to 
the extent that there is full compliance with such laws and regulations. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been cleared by the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa (the 
"CONSOB") (the Italian securities exchange commission), pursuant to Italian securities legislation. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly nor may copies of this Base 
Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except (a) to 
qualified investors (investitori qualificati) as defined in Article 35, first paragraph, letter (d) of CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended ("Regulation No. 20307"), pursuant to Article 34-ter, 
first paragraph letter (b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May  1999, as amended (the "Company 
Regulation"), implementing Article 100 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the "Italian Financial Act"); and (b) in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public 
offerings pursuant to Article 100 of the Italian Financial Act and the implementing CONSOB regulations, 
including the Company Regulation. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus (including the 
applicable Final Terms) or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) 
above must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307  of 
15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended (the "Banking Act") and any other applicable laws and regulations;  
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of 
the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, with regard, inter alia, to the reporting obligations 
required; and

--- Page 426 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
426 
 
 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or 
the Bank of Italy or other Italian authority. 
Please note that in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act: 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of Italy, Article 100-
bis of the Financial Services Act may require compliance with the law relating to public offers of securities.  
Furthermore, where the Notes are placed solely with "qualified investors" and are then systematically 
("sistematicamente") resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months following such placing, 
purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course of their business or profession may in certain 
circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorised 
person at whose premises the Notes were purchased, unless an exemption provided for under the Financial 
Services Act applies.  
 
Spain 
The Arranger has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that it has not offered and sold, and will not offer and sell, any Notes, in Spain, unless (i) it is 
authorised to provide investment services in Spain under Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015, of 23 October, that 
enacted the consolidated restated text of the Securities Market Law (Real  Decreto  Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 
octubre, que aprobó el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado de Valores) as amended (the "Securities Market 
Law") and the Royal Decree  on  Investment Services Companies 217/2008, of February 15 (Real Decreto 
217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el regimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y de las demás 
entidades que prestan servicios  de inversion y por el que se modifica parcialmente el Reglamento de la Ley 
35/2003, de 4 de noviembre, de Institutos de Inversión Colectiva, aprobado por el Real Decreto 1309/2005, de 4 
de noviembre) ("Royal Decree 217/2008"), and (ii) it has complied with, and will comply with, all applicable 
provisions of the Securities Market Law and any other applicable legislation in relation to any offer or sale of 
the Notes in Spain. 
Sweden 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been offered or sold and will not be offered, sold or 
delivered directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Sweden by way of a public offering, unless in compliance 
with the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act, (SFS 1991:980 om handel med finansiella instrument). 
The Netherlands  
General 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that the Notes may not, directly or indirectly, be, (or announced to be) offered, 
sold, resold, delivered or transferred as part of their initial distribution or at any time thereafter to, or to the order 
of, or for the account of, any person in the Netherlands other than in accordance with the aforementioned 
restrictions. 
Savings Certificates Act  
In addition and without prejudice to the relevant restrictions set out above, Notes that are in bearer form and that 
constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their 
tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever ("Zero Coupon Notes") in definitive form may only be 
transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of 
either the Issuer or an admitted institution (toegelaten instelling) of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., admitted in a 
function on one or more markets or systems held or operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in accordance with 
the Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended). No such mediation is 
required in respect of: 
(a) 
the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes whilst in the form of rights representing an interest 
in a Zero 
(b) 
the initial issue of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof; 
(c) 
the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in 
the conduct of a business or profession; or

--- Page 427 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
427 
 
 
(d) 
the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into the Netherlands if all Zero 
Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon 
Instrument in global form) of any particular Series are issued outside the Netherlands and are not 
distributed into the Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. 
In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the issue 
and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be complied with and, in addition thereto, if such 
Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form do not qualify as commercial paper traded between professional 
borrowers and lenders within the meaning of the agreement of 2 March 1987 attached to the Royal Decree of 11 
March 1987 as published in the Official Gazette 1987, 129, as amended from time to time, each transfer and 
acceptance should be recorded in a transaction note, including the name and address of each party to the 
transaction, the nature of the transaction and the details and serial numbers of such Notes. 
Argentina 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that the Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Argentinian 
Securities Comission (Comisión Nacional de Valores) pursuant to the Ley de Mercados de Capitales of 
Argentina and therefore cannot be offered or sold in Argentina or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons in 
Argentina except in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a public offering. 
Chile 
The Issuer and the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered with the Chilean Commission for the 
Financial Market (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero, "CMF") pursuant to Law No. 18.045 (Ley de 
Mercado de Valores, "Securities Market Act"), as amended, of the Republic of Chile and, accordingly, no 
person shall offer or sell the notes within Chile or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons in Chile except in 
circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a public offering and/or in the conduct of 
intermediation (funciones de intermediación) within the meaning of Chilean law.  
The offer of any Notes pursuant to this Base Prospectus begins on the date of issuance of the relevant Final 
Terms. Any such offer of Notes complies with General Rule N°. 336 of the CMF. Since the Notes to which an 
offer relates have not been registered in the Foreign Securities Registry of the CMF, they are not subject to the 
supervision of such entity. As any offer of Notes pursuant to this Base Prospectus does not relate to registered 
securities, there is no obligation on the Issuer to deliver in Chile public information regarding the Notes. The 
Notes may not be publicly offered in Chile as long as they are not registered in the corresponding Securities 
Registry. The above paragraph has to be reproduced in Spanish in order to comply with the General Rule N°. 
336. Therefore, the following paragraph is only a translation into Spanish of this paragraph's disclaimers and 
does not contain any additional statement.  
Esta oferta comienza el día que se emitan los Final Terms. Esta oferta de valores cumple con la Norma de 
Carácter General 336 de la CMF. Dado que esta oferta versa sobre valores no inscritos en el Registro de 
Valores Extranjeros que lleva dicha Comisión, tales valores no están sujetos a la fiscalización de ésta. Como 
esta oferta de valores se refiere a valores no inscritos, no existe la obligación por parte de su emisor de 
entregar en Chile información pública respecto de dichos valores. Estos valores no podrán ser objeto de oferta 
pública mientras no sean inscritos en el Registro de Valores correspondiente. 
Colombia  
The Arranger has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that the Notes have not and will not be marketed, offered, sold or distributed in 
Colombia or to Colombian residents except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of securities 
in Colombia within the meaning of article 6.1.1.1.1 of Decree 2555 of 2010 as amended from time to time. The 
offer of the Notes is addressed to less than one hundred specifically identified investors. The material in this 
Base Prospectus is for the sole and exclusive use of the addressee as a determined individual/entity and cannot 
be understood as addressed for the use of any third party, including any of such party's shareholders, 
administrators or employees, or by any other third party resident in Colombia. The information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is provided for illustrative purposes only and no representation or warranty is made as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein. Accordingly, the Notes will not be publicly 
offered, marketed or negotiated in Colombia through promotional or advertisement activities (as defined under 
Colombian law) except in compliance with the requirements of the Colombian Financial and Securities Market 
Regulation (Decree 2555 of 2010, Law 964 of 2005 and Organic Statute of the Financial System) as amended 
and restated, and decrees and regulations made thereunder. The Arranger has acknowledged and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge that the Notes listed in the Base

--- Page 428 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
428 
 
 
Prospectus have not been registered in the National Securities and Issuer's Registry (Registro Nacional de 
Valores y Emisores) of the Colombian Financial Superintendence (Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia) 
or with any Colombian securities exchange or trading system, and therefore it is not intended for any public 
offer of the Notes in Colombia.  
Investors acknowledge the Colombian laws and regulations (specifically foreign exchange and tax regulations) 
applicable to any transaction or investment consummated in connection with this Base Prospectus and represent 
that they are the sole liable party for full compliance with any such laws and regulations. 
The investors represent that the investment in the Notes is a permitted investment for them under their corporate 
bylaws and/or particular investment regime that may be applicable.  
Hong Kong 
The Arranger has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge and agree, that the Notes have not been authorised by the Securities and Futures 
Commission of Hong Kong. The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(except for Notes which are "structured products" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) ("Securities and Futures Ordinance")) other than (a) to 
"professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under 
that Ordinance or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" 
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong 
Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of 
Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Mexico 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered with the National 
Securities Registry maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisión 
Nacional Bancaria y de Valores, or the “CNBV”) and, therefore, the Notes may not be offered or sold in 
Mexico, publicly or otherwise, except that the Notes may be offered in Mexico to institutional and accredited 
investors pursuant to the private placement exception set forth in Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market 
Law. 
Monaco 
The Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco 
Bank or a duly authorised Monegasque intermediary acting as a professional institutional investor which has 
such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the risks and 
merits of an investment in the Fund. Consequently, this Base Prospectus may only be communicated to (i) 
banks, and (ii) portfolio management companies duly licensed by the "Commission de Contrôle des Activités 
Financières by virtue of Law n° 1.338, of September 7, 2007, and authorised under Law n° 1.144 of July 26, 
1991. Such regulated intermediaries may in turn communicate this Base Prospectus to potential investors. 
Panama 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Superintendency 
of the Stock Market (Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores), nor will the offer, sale or transactions 
regarding the Notes. The exemption from registration is made under number 3 of Article 129 of Unified Text of 
the Decree Law 1 of July 8, 1999 (Institutional Investors). As a consequence, the tax treatment established in 
Articles 334 through 336 of Unified Text of the Decree Law 1 of July 8, 1999, is not applicable to them. The 
Notes are not under the supervision of the Superintendency of the Stock Market (Superintendencia del Mercado 
de Valores).

--- Page 429 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
429 
 
 
Peru 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not and will not be placed, offered, sold, disposed of or 
distributed in Peru, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of securities in Peru within 
the meaning of Peruvian securities laws and regulations. Accordingly, the Notes will not be the subject of a duly 
diffused invitation for subscription, acquisition or purchase of the Notes in Peru, pursuant to the Peruvian 
Securities Market Law, Supreme Decree No. 093-2002-EF, as amended and restated.  
The Notes may only be offered in Peru, under private offerings, complying with the Securities Market Law and 
the regulations that govern the investment policy of institutional investors such as, but not restricted to, banking 
and other financial entities, insurance entities, private pension fund managers, open ended and close ended 
collective investment schemes.  
The Arranger has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been subject to review by the Securities Market Superintendence 
(Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores, "SMV") and has not been registered with the Peruvian Securities 
Market Public Registry, therefore it is not intended for any public offer of the Notes in Peru. If the Notes were to 
be offered under private offerings in Peru, regulations do not impose reporting obligations with SMV, to any of 
the Issuer or the Dealers. 
Republic of Korea  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea for public 
offering in the Republic of Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act (the 
"FSCMA"). The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any 
person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of Korea or to any resident of the Republic 
of Korea except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of the Republic of Korea, including the FSCMA 
and the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law (the "FETL") and the decrees and regulations thereunder. The 
Notes may not be resold to South Korean residents unless the purchaser of the Notes complies with all 
applicable regulatory requirements (including but not limited to government reporting requirements under the 
FETL and its subordinate decrees and regulations) in connection with the purchase of the Notes.  
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or sold 
to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, any Notes in the Republic of Korea or to any 
resident of the Republic of Korea and will not offer, sell or deliver directly or indirectly or offer or sell to any 
person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, any Notes in the Republic of Korea or to any resident of 
the Republic of Korea, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FSCMA, FETL and other relevant laws and regulations of the Republic of Korea. 
Russia 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold or transferred or otherwise disposed of and will 
not offer or sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any Notes to or for the benefit of any persons (including legal 
entities) resident, incorporated, established or having their usual residence in the Russian Federation or to any 
person located within the territory of the Russian Federation unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under 
Russian law. Since neither the issuance of the Notes nor a securities prospectus in respect of the Notes has been 
registered, or is intended to be registered, with the Central Bank of Russia (the "CBR") and no decision to admit 
the Notes to placement or public circulation in the Russian Federation has been made, or is intended to be made, 
by the CBR or a Russian stock exchange, the Notes are not eligible for initial offering or public circulation in 
the Russian Federation and may not be sold or offered in the Russian Federation unless and to the extent 
otherwise permitted under Russian law. No information set forth in the Notes related materials sold by any 
distributor shall be an offer, advertisement or invitation to make offers, to sell, exchange or otherwise transfer, 
the Notes in the Russian Federation or to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and must not be 
distributed or circulated in the Russian Federation, unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian 
law. 
Switzerland 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required or deemed to agree, that it will comply with (i) any laws, regulations or guidelines applicable in

--- Page 430 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
430 
 
 
Switzerland (as amended from time to time) in relation to the marketing, offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the 
Notes, or the distribution of any marketing or offering material in respect of the Notes, in or from Switzerland. 
Restrictions for distribution of Notes to Retail Clients:  
Notes qualifying as structured products pursuant to Article 70 of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services of 
15 June 2018 ("FinSA") may be offered to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) pursuant to Article 4 
para. 2 FinSA ("Retail Clients") in, into or from Switzerland only if a key investor document 
(Basisinformationsblatt) relating to the Notes in the sense of Article 58 et seq. FinSA ("FinSA-KID") or a key 
information document pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 and Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 
2017/653 ("PRIIPs-KID") has been prepared and provided to the relevant Retail Clients. Before 1 January 
2022, the issuer may prepare a Swiss simplified prospectus (a "Swiss Simplified Prospectus") pursuant to 
Article 5 of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 2006 in its version dated 1 
March 2013 ("CISA") instead of a FinSA-KID or a PRIIPs-KID and such Swiss Simplified Prospectus may be 
provided to Retail Clients instead of a FinSA-KID or a PRIIPs-KID. If the Notes may only be offered to Retail 
Clients in the context of asset management mandates, such obligation to provide a FinSA-KID, a PRIIPs-KID or 
a Swiss Simplified Prospectus would not apply. 
All clients other than professional clients (professionelle Kunden) and institutional clients (institutionelle 
Kunden), as defined in Article 4 para. 3, 4 and 5 and Article 5 para. 1 and 2 FinSA ("Professional or 
Institutional Clients"), are Retail Clients. Professional or Institutional Clients include: (a) financial 
intermediaries regulated pursuant to the Swiss Federal Banking Act of 8 November 1934, the Swiss Federal 
Financial Institutions Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinIA") or the CISA; (b) regulated insurance undertakings pursuant 
to the Swiss Federal Insurance Supervision Act of 17 December 2004; (c) foreign financial intermediaries or 
insurance undertakings subject to a similar prudential supervision as the financial intermediaries or insurance 
undertakings pursuant to (a) and (b); (d) central banks; (e) public entities with professional treasury operations; 
(f) pension funds and occupational pension schemes with professional treasury operations; (g) undertakings with 
professional treasury operations; (h) large companies that exceed two of the following thresholds: (i) a balance 
sheet total of CHF 20 million, (ii) turnover of CHF 40 million, and/or (iii) own capital of CHF 2 million; (i) 
private investment structures for high-net worth individuals with professional treasury operations; and 
(j) Opting-out Clients. 
An "Opting-out Client" (vermögende Privatkundinnen und -kunden) is a Retail Client who confirms (i) that, 
based on the education/professional experience or based on comparable experience in the financial sector, 
he/she/it has the necessary knowledge to understand the risks resulting from an investment in the Notes and who 
owns, directly or indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 500,000, or (ii) that he/she/it owns, directly 
or indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 2 million.  
Approval of prospectus for public offering: 
If and to the extent the Notes will be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland in the meaning of the 
FinSA, or if the Notes were admitted to trading to a Swiss trading venue (e.g. SIX Swiss Exchange), a 
prospectus pursuant to the requirements of Article 40 et seq. FinSA would be required. Such requirement may be 
met on the basis of (i) an automatic recognition of this Base Prospectus in Switzerland under the rules of the 
FinSA by way of a notification of, and a registration of the Base Prospectus with, a reviewing body (Prüfstelle) 
within the meaning of Article 52 FinSA (a "Swiss Reviewing Body") pursuant to the rules of the FinSA, as 
implemented by the relevant Swiss Reviewing Body and (ii) depositing the relevant Final Terms with the Swiss 
Reviewing Body. Such a registration pursuant to (i) would be possible for a Base Prospectus that is approved by 
the by the CNMV for offerings to retail investors, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"), i.e. for any Notes other than Exempt Notes.  
Except where the Base Prospectus is registered with a Swiss Reviewing Body under the rules of the FinSA, 
neither this Programme nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Programme nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland, unless the 
requirements of FinSA and FinSO for such public distribution are complied with.  
Without a registration of the Base Prospectus with a Swiss Reviewing Body pursuant to the rules of the FinSA, 
the Notes may only be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland if the Notes 
(a.) are addressed solely at investors classified as Professional or Institutional Clients; (b.) are addressed at

--- Page 431 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
431 
 
 
fewer than 500 Retail Clients; (c.) are addressed at investors acquiring securities to the value of at least 
CHF 100,000; (d.) have a minimum denomination per unit of CHF 100,000; or (e.) do not exceed a total value 
of CHF 8 million over a 12-month period. 
Taiwan 
The Notes may not be sold offered or issued to Taiwan resident investors or in Taiwan unless they are made 
available, (i) outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan so long as no solicitation or other 
activities take place (A) in Taiwan or (B) otherwise in violation of any applicable Taiwan law or regulation 
and/or (ii) in Taiwan through bank trust departments, licensed securities brokers and/or insurance company 
investment linked insurance policies pursuant to the Taiwan Rules Governing Offshore Structured Products 
under which rules the Notes have been registered in Taiwan or other applicable Taiwan law or regulation. 
Turkey 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that No information in this Base Prospectus is provided for the purpose of 
offering, marketing and sale by any means of any capital market instruments in the Republic of Turkey. 
Therefore, this Base Prospectus may not be considered as an offer made or to be made to residents of the 
Republic of Turkey. Accordingly neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering material related to the 
offering may be used in connection with any offering to the public within the Republic of Turkey without the 
prior approval of the Turkish Capital Market Board. However, according to article 15 (d) (ii) of the Decree 
No.32 there is no restriction on the purchase or sale of the offered notes by residents of the Republic of Turkey, 
provided that: they purchase or sell such offered notes in the financial markets outside of the Republic of 
Turkey on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis; and such sale and purchase is made through banks, and/or 
licensed brokerage institutions in the Republic of Turkey. 
United Kingdom 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer;  
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not or, in the case of the Guarantor, would not 
if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and the Financial Services 
Act 2012 with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving 
the United Kingdom. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
require to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision: (a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; and (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and (a) (b) the expression

--- Page 432 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
432 
 
 
an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Uruguay 
The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes may only be placed in Uruguay relying on a private placement 
exemption pursuant to section 2 of Law number 18,627.  The Notes are not and will not be registered with the 
Financial Services Superintendence of the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in Uruguay. 
Venezuela 
No public offering of Notes has been authorised by the National Securities Superintendence (Superintendencia 
Nacional de Valores -"SNV"). The Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that (i) it shall not offer and/or sell Notes in 
Venezuela by means of a public offering, without obtaining the prior authorisation of SNV in accordance with 
the relevant provisions of the Securities Markets Act of 30 December 2015 (Decreto Ley de Mercado de 
Valores) and (ii) any offer has not been and will not be made available to the public, without the prior 
authorisation of SNV. 
Sales outside EEA and UK only 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Sales outside EEA and UK only" as "Applicable", the 
Arranger has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Notes are not intended to be offered, distributed or sold to any investor in the 
European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom, and that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any investor in the 
European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom. 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
Restrictions on Non-exempt offers of Notes in relevant Member States 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a "Non-exempt Offer". This Base 
Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes in each Member State in 
relation to which the Issuer has given its consent as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each specified 
Member State a "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction" and together the "Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions"). Any 
person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do 
so only with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under "Consent given in 
accordance with Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation" and provided such person complies with the conditions 
attached to that consent. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, 
the making of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes, the Issuer and the Guarantor each accept responsibility, in 
each of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the consent of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
"Investor") who purchases any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as 
defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied 
with. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Conditions to Consent" below. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law 
requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or the Dealers has any responsibility or 
liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror.

--- Page 433 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
433 
 
 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has 
authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the 
use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes. Any 
Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to 
such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person who is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for 
the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt 
about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal 
advice.  
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under "Conditions to 
Consent" the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) stated in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name is published on the Guarantor's website (www.bbva.com) and identified as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above are together the "Authorised 
Offerors" and each an "Authorised Offeror". 
Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-
exempt Offer are that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
only extends (as at the date of this Base Prospectus) to the use of this Base Prospectus to make 
Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Notes in Spain. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the only relevant Member State which may, in respect of any Tranche of 
Notes, be specified in the applicable Final Terms (if any relevant Member States are so specified) as indicated in 
(ii) above, will be Spain, and accordingly each Tranche of Notes may only be offered to Investors as part of a 
Non-exempt Offer in Spain, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES IN A NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH 
NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN 
RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL 
NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN 
SUCH INFORMATION. THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE 
GUARANTOR 
OR, 
FOR 
THE 
AVOIDANCE 
OF 
DOUBT, 
ANY 
DEALER 
HAS 
ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION 
DESCRIBED ABOVE.

--- Page 434 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
434 
 
 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES IN A NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR SHOULD BE AWARE THAT INFORMATION ON THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER BY ANY AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
SHALL BE PROVIDED AT THE TIME OF THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER BY SUCH AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR. ANY AUTHORISED OFFEROR USING THIS BASE PROSPECTUS FOR THE NOTES 
CONCERNED FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY OFFERING MUST STATE ON ITS WEBSITE THAT IT 
USES THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONSENT GIVEN AND THE 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED THERETO.   
 
Non-Exempt Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Notes to be offered pursuant to a Non-Exempt Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant 
Dealer at the time of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on prevailing 
market conditions at that time. The offer price at which the Authorised Offeror will offer such Notes to the 
Investor will be the Issue Price or (where agreed with the relevant Dealer) such other price as may be agreed 
between an Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Notes to such Investor. Neither the 
Issuer nor the Guarantor will be party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the 
Investor will need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised 
Offeror is offering the Notes to such Investor.

--- Page 435 ---
435 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by 
resolutions of the sole shareholder of the Issuer and of the Directors of the Issuer dated on 28 June 
2021. The giving of the Guarantee has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Guarantor dated on 29 April 2021.  
2. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to AIAF for certain Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 
twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on its regulated market. 
At the date of filing of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer has securities of the same class as the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme listed on the following markets: Euronext Dublin, AIAF, Vienna Stock 
Exchange and Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CNMV, as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The CNMV only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed 
under Spanish and EU law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a 
Global Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche the relevant documentation in 
relation to Book-Entry Note being in place. 
Book-Entry Notes may also be admitted to trading on Spanish regulated markets other than AIAF, or in 
a Spanish MTF, in which case references above to AIAF will be deemed to be to such other Spanish 
regulated market. 
3. 
Documents Available  
For twelve months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-
investors/issuances-programs/ in the case of the documents listed at (vii) and (viii) or, in the case of the 
documents listed at (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (vi) below, on the indicated websites below or in the case of 
the documents listed at (v) below, in physical form from the specified office of the Principal Paying 
Agent for the time being in Madrid: 
(i) 
the Deed of Incorporation including the articles of association of the Issuer and the bylaws 
(with 
an 
English 
translation 
thereof) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
the 
Guarantor 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-investors/issuing-companies); 
(ii) 
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/BBVA-Global-
Marlets-B.V.-Audited-Financial-Statements-2020.pdf) 
and 
31 
December 
2019 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/BBVA-Global-
Markets_Audited-Financial-Statements-2019_Eng.pdf) 
(iii) 
the unaudited interim report corresponding to the three month period ended 31 March 2021 
published by the Guarantor on 30 April 2021 (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/Interim-Financial-Statements-and-Management-Report-Q1-
2021.pdf), the audited consolidated financial statements in respect of the financial years ended 
on 31 December 2020 (which includes for comparison purposes financial data for the years 
ended 
on 
31 
December 
2019 
and 
on 
31 
December 
2018) 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/03-BBVA-GROUP-
Annual-Report-MR-Dec-2020.pdf)  and 31 December 2019, with an English translation 
thereof, 
together 
with 
the 
audit 
report 
prepared 
in 
connection 
therewith; 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/01/5.Anual_Report_BBVA_GROUP_2019.pdf) 
(iv) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer (if any) and the 
Guarantor and the most recently published condensed interim consolidated financial 
statements (if any) of the Issuer and the Guarantor (in each case with an English translation 
thereof), in each case together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection 
therewith. The Guarantor currently prepares unaudited interim reports on a quarterly basis and

--- Page 436 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
 
436 
 
 
audited (under auditing standards generally accepted in Spain) consolidated interim reports on 
a semi-annual basis (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/financials/); 
(v) 
the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, and the forms of 
the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(vi) 
the Guarantee ( https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-investors/issuing-companies/)  
(vii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(viii) 
any future base prospectus, prospectuses, and supplements. 
This Base Prospectus including future Final Terms will be published on the website of CNMV at 
www.cnmv.es and this Base Prospectus, together with any supplements thereto, and will also be 
available at https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-investors/issuances-programs/ 
4. 
Clearing Systems 
The Book-Entry Notes to be listed into a Spanish regulated market will be accepted for clearance 
through Iberclear. The appropriate ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Iberclear will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Iberclear is Plaza de la Lealtad, nº 1, 28014 Madrid, Spain. 
The Notes may be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the Final Terms. In addition, 
application may be made for any Registered Notes to be accepted for trading in book-entry form by 
DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of such Registered Notes, together with the 
relevant ISIN and (if applicable) common code, will be specified in the Final Terms. If Notes are to 
clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified 
in the Final Terms. The address of CREST is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited, 33 Cannon Street, 
London, EC4M 5SB. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II B-120 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JK Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of 
America. 
The Notes may be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg Iberclear. 
If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
6. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be specified in the Final Terms. The 
yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of the Issue Price and on the assumption 
that the Notes are not subject to early redemption or cancellation or, if applicable, no Credit Event 
occurs. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes 
and will not be an indication of future yield. 
7. 
Significant or Material Change 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Group since 31 December 2020 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer since 31 December 2020.

--- Page 437 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
 
437 
 
 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance or the financial position of the Group since 31 March 2021 and there has been no 
significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
 
8. 
Litigation  
There are no, and have not been, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
As of the date hereof, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries are involved in a number of legal and 
regulatory actions and proceedings in various jurisdictions around the world (including, among others, 
Spain, Mexico and the United States). See "Risk Factors—The Group is party to a number of legal and 
regulatory actions and proceedings". 
9. 
Auditors 
KPMG Accountants, N.V., Laan van Langerhuize 1, 1186 DS Amstelveen, the Netherlands audited the 
Issuer's account for the financial year ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. The 
auditors of the Issuer are Chartered Accountants and a member of the Royal Netherlands Institute of 
Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. (registered as auditors on the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas), Paseo 
de la Castellana, 259 C, 28046 Madrid, Spain audited the Guarantor's financial statements, for the 
financial year ended on 31 December 2020 and on 31 December 2019 (which includes for comparison 
purposes financial data for the years ended on 31 December 2019 and 2018 and on 31 December 2018 
and 2017, respectively) prepared in accordance with Bank of Spain Circular 4/2017, dated 27 
November 2017, and as amended thereafter (in the following, "Circular 4/2017"), and with any other 
legislation governing financial reporting applicable to the Guarantor. 
10. 
Post–issuance information 
Save as set out in the Final Terms, the Issuer does not intend to provide and post-issuance information 
in relation to any issues of Notes. 
11. 
Dealer transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
The Issuer, the Dealer and the Guarantor are part of the same group. Accordingly, these entities 
engage, and will engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
perform other services for, the Group in the ordinary course of business. 
12. 
Credit Ratings 
The Programme is rated A- by Standard & Poor's Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global") and 
A3 by Moody's Investors Services España, S.A. ("Moody's"). The Guarantor has been rated A- by 
S&P Global, A3 by Moody's and A- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). The Issuer has been 
rated A- by S&P Global and A3 by Moody's. Each of S&P Global, Moody's and Fitch is established in 
the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, each of S&P Global, 
Moody's and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with such CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may 
be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms 
and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating 
agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Credit Ratings stated above have the following meanings according to the relevant rating agencies: 
S&P Global

--- Page 438 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
 
438 
 
 
An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more 
susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in 
higher-rated categories. 
An 
S&P 
Global 
negative 
outlook 
means 
that 
a 
rating 
may 
be 
lowered. 
(Source: 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352) 
Moody's 
Obligations rated "A" are considered upper-medium-grade and are subject to low credit risk. (Source: 
https://www.moodys.com/Pages/amr002002.aspx?stop_mobi=yes) 
Fitch 
"A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial 
commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse 
business 
or 
economic 
conditions 
than 
is 
the 
case 
for 
higher 
ratings. 
(Source: 
https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions#rating-scales) 
13. 
Presentation of financial information 
Accounting principles 
Under Regulation (EC) no. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 July 2002, 
all companies governed by the law of an EU Member State and whose securities are admitted to trading 
on a regulated market of any Member State must prepare their consolidated financial statements for the 
years beginning on or after 1 January 2005 in conformity with International Financial Reporting 
Standards adopted by the European Union ("EU-IFRS"). The Bank of Spain issued Circular 4/2004 of 
22 December 2004 on Public and Confidential Financial Reporting Rules and Formats (as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, "Circular 4/2004"), which requires Spanish credit institutions to 
adapt their accounting system to the principles derived from the adoption by the European Union of 
EU-IFRS. 
BBVA's consolidated financial statements as at and for each of the years ending 31 December 2020, 31 
December 2019, 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2017 (the "Consolidated Financial 
Statements"), have been prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS reflecting Circular 4/2004 and any 
other legislation governing financial reporting applicable to the Group and in compliance with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 
("IFRS-IASB"). 
• 
"EUR", "euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended;  
• 
"US dollars", "US$" and "$" refer to United States dollars; and 
• 
"GBP" and "£" refer to pounds sterling. 
Financial information 
The following principles should be noted in reviewing the financial information contained in this Base 
Prospectus: 
• 
Unless otherwise stated, any reference to loans refers to both loans and leases. 
• 
Interest income figures include interest income on non-accruing loans to the extent that cash 
payments have been received in the period in which they are due. 
• 
Financial information with respect to subsidiaries may not reflect consolidation adjustments. 
• 
Certain numerical information in this Base Prospectus may not sum due to rounding. In 
addition, information regarding period-to-period changes is based on numbers which have not 
been rounded.

--- Page 439 ---
439 
 
 
SIGNATORIES 
 
In witness to their knowledge and approval of the  contents  of  this  Base  Prospectus  of  BBVA Global  
Markets B.V. it is hereby signed by the representative of BBVA Global Markets B.V. (as Issuer) and by the 
representative of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (as Guarantor). 
 
 
 
 
 
Christian Højbjerre Mortensen (authorised signatory) 
For and on behalf of BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
 
 
 
Christian Højbjerre Mortensen (authorised signatory) 
For and on behalf of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.

--- Page 440 ---
440 
 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
Calle Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
GUARANTOR 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Plaza de San Nicolas, 4 
48005 Bilbao 
Spain 
 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Azul, 4 
28050 Madrid 
Spain