--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) 
incorporated under Dutch law with its seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but its tax residency in Spain) 
BBVA Global Securities B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) 
incorporated under Dutch law with its seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but its tax residency in Spain) 
€10,000,000,000 Structured Medium Term Securities Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain) 
3(a)(2) Notes (as defined below) unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., New York Branch 
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain) 
Under this €10,000,000,000 Structured MediumTerm Securities Programme (the "Programme"), each of BBVA Global Markets B.V. and BBVA Global Securities B.V. may 
from time to time issue securities ("Securities") denominated in any currency agreed with the relevant Dealer (as defined below). Securities may be in the form of Notes 
("Notes") or certificates ("Certificates") as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below). As used herein, "Issuer" means BBVA Global Markets B.V. or BBVA 
Global Securities B.V., as the context requires. 
This document (this "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus in respect of all Securities other than Exempt Securities (as defined below) issued under the Programme 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The terms and conditions of the Securities (the "Conditions") will comprise the General 
Conditions and each Annex specified as applicable in the completed Issue Terms (each as defined below). This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus (a 
"Supplement to this Base Prospectus"), any applicable Annex and the Issue Terms for a Series will comprise the "Offering Documents". 
Certain Notes issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V. and the guarantee thereof will be offered pursuant to an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), provided by Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act ("3(a)(2) Notes"). 
The satisfaction of the Issuer's economic obligations (in cash and in deliverable assets (if applicable)) in respect of the Securities will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed pursuant to a guarantee governed by Spanish law entered into by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. ("BBVA" or the "Guarantor") (the "Spanish Law 
Guarantee"), except that the satisfaction of BBVA Global Securities B.V.'s economic obligations in respect of the 3(a)(2) Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed pursuant to a guarantee governed by New York law entered into by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., acting through its New York Branch (the "New York 
Branch") (the "New York Law Guarantee"). As used herein, "Guarantee" refers to the Spanish Law Guarantee or the New York Law Guarantee, or the Spanish Law 
Guarantee and the New York Law Guarantee collectively, as the context requires. The Guarantor and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to herein as the "Group". 
Securities may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively "Bearer Securities" and "Registered Securities"); however, the 3(a)(2) Notes will be issued only as 
Registered Securities. 
Securities may be issued whose return (whether in respect of any interest payable on such Securities and/or their redemption amount) is linked to one or more indices ("Index 
Linked Securities"), one or more shares or depositary receipts ("Equity Linked Securities"), one or more inflation indices ("Inflation Linked Securities"), one or more 
exchange traded fund shares ("ETF Linked Securities"), one or more fund shares or units ("Fund Linked Securities"), the credit of a specified entity or entities ("Credit 
Linked Securities"), one or more foreign exchange rates ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities"), one or more EUA contracts ("EUA Contract Linked 
Securities"), one bond ("Bond Linked Securities"), one or more custom indices ("Custom Index Linked Securities") or any combination thereof ("Combination Securities") 
as more fully described herein. Securities may provide that settlement will be by way of cash settlement ("Cash Settled Securities") or potentially physical delivery 
("Physically Settled Securities") as provided in the Issue Terms. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Securities from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies). Securities may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more dealers appointed from time to time by the Issuer (the "Dealers" and each a "Dealer"). References 
in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Securities being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to subscribe for such Securities as designated in each specific issue of Securities. 
Investors should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Securities and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of 
the relevant Securities as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. An investment in Securities may involve a high degree of risk 
and investors should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price of their Securities. For a discussion of these risks see the "Risk Factors" section on pages 
17 to 79 below. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Securities which are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in the circumstances where an exemption is available under 
Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank 
of Ireland, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Issuer or Guarantor or the quality of the Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Securities. Such approval relates only to Securities that are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (each

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
such regulated market being a "Regulated Market") and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the EEA in circumstances that require the publication of 
a prospectus. 
Application has been made by BBVA Global Markets B.V. to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Securities issued under the 
Programme by BBVA Global Markets B.V. during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the "Official List") and 
trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin. The Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"). Application may also be made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and/or admitted to trading on the Electronic Bond Market, a regulated market 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("MOT"), in compliance with the rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana, as amended from time to 
time (Regolamento dei Mercati organizzati e gestiti da Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) and related instructions. Application may also be made for Securities issued under the Programme 
to be listed and/or admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market.   
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the EEA 
and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation and/or FinSA, 
as applicable. The requirement to publish a prospectus under FinSA only applies to Securities which are to be admitted to trading and/or publicly offered in Switzerland other 
than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Articles 36 et seq. FinSA. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Securities" are to Securities for which 
no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with Exempt Securities. 3(a)(2) Notes will be Exempt Securities (as defined below) and will not be listed on any securities exchange or quotation 
system in the United States. BBVA Global Securities B.V. will only issue Exempt Securities. 
Application may be made to the Vienna Stock Exchange for Exempt Securities to be admitted to listing and trading on the Vienna Stock Exchange's multilateral trading facility 
(the "Vienna MTF") during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. The Vienna MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. Application 
may also be made to the multilateral trading facility of securitised derivative financial instruments organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., in compliance with SeDeX 
Market Rules as amended from time to time (Regolamento del Mercato SeDeX) ("SeDeX") for Certificates to be admitted to trading on SeDeX, and the multilateral trading 
facility EuroTLX organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. in compliance with the EuroTLX Market Rules as amended from time to time (Regolamento del Mercato 
EuroTLX) ("Euro TLX"), for Certificates to be admitted to trading on Euro TLX and Securities to be admitted to trading on the Taipei Stock Exchange and/or any other stock 
exchange specified in the applicable Issue Terms. SeDeX, Euro TLX and the Taipei Stock Exchange are not regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The applicable Issue Terms may provide that certain terms used in the Base Prospectus and in the terms and conditions (including where contained in defined terms) may be 
changed in the applicable Issue Terms. Any changed term shall be read as a reference to another term and/or definition as used in the terms and conditions and all other parts 
of the Base Prospectus. Details of such modification of terms and/or definitions will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In particular, in case of Certificates intended to be offered in Italy and/or to be traded on SeDeX and/or EuroTLX, references in this Base Prospectus to (i) "redemption", 
"redeem" and "redeemed", respectively, shall be construed to be to "termination" and "terminate" and "terminated", (ii) "nominal" and "nominal amount", respectively, shall 
be construed to be to "invested amount", (iii) "settlement" and "settle" and "settled", respectively, shall be construed to be to "termination" and "terminate" and "terminated", 
(iv) "interest" shall be construed to be to "coupon", and (v) "maturity date" shall be construed to be to "final termination date", and all related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Save where expressly provided or the context otherwise requires, where Exempt Securities are to be admitted to trading on the Vienna MTF, or any other multilateral trading 
facility, references in this document to Base Prospectus shall be construed to be to Base Listing Particulars. 
Neither the Offering Documents nor any other marketing materials in relation to the Securities shall be distributed in Spain without complying with all legal and regulatory 
requirements under Spanish securities laws and regulations and no publicity of any kind shall be made in Spain. 
This Base Prospectus will be registered in Switzerland as a foreign prospectus with BX Swiss AG (prospectus office) as competent reviewing body under the Swiss Financial 
Services Act (the "FinSA"). Upon such registration this Base Prospectus will be deemed approved also in Switzerland pursuant to article 54 para. 2 FinSA, for inclusion in the 
list of approved prospectuses pursuant to article 64 para 5 FinSA and deposited with such reviewing body and published pursuant to article 64 FinSA. Pursuant thereto, the 
Issuer may make offers of Securities to the public in Switzerland. 
None of the Securities constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 
June 23, 2006 ("CISA") and are neither subject to the authorisation nor the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA and investors 
do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided under the CISA. Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
This Base Prospectus may be supplemented from time to time under the terms of the Prospectus Regulation. Any such supplement will, after its approval by the relevant 
competent authority, be deposited with the reviewing body in Switzerland and published in accordance with Article 64 FinSA 
This Base Prospectus is being provided in the United States to (i) a limited number of "qualified institutional buyers" (each a "QIB") as defined in Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act ("Rule 144A") who are also "qualified purchasers" (each a "QP") within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"), and the rules and regulations thereunder, and a limited number of Institutional Accredited Investors (as defined below) (each an "IAI") 
who are also QPs that are investors in Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V., (ii) a limited number of QIBs and IAIs (none of which must be QPs) that are investors 
in Securities issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V. (other than 3(a)(2) Notes) and (iii) investors in 3(a)(2) Notes, in each case, for informational use solely in connection 
with the consideration of the purchase of the Notes being offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised. The Securities (other than the 
3(a)(2) Notes), the Spanish Law Guarantee and any Entitlement(s) (as defined below) have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. state 
securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S") unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of 
the United States and any other jurisdiction. The 3(a)(2) Notes and the New York Law Guarantee will be offered pursuant to an exemption from registration provided by 
Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The 3(a)(2) Notes and the New York Law Guarantee are not required to be, and have not been, registered under the Securities Act or any 
U.S. state securities laws or with any governmental authority. See "Form of Securities" for a description of the manner and form in which Securities will be issued. The 
Securities are subject to certain restrictions on transfer, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Securities (other than 3(a)(2) Notes) offered in the 
United States subject to the foregoing restrictions may be offered by BBVA Securities Inc. (in such capacity, the "Initial Purchaser"). The Securities, the Guarantee and any 
Entitlement(s) do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in the Securities has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission pursuant to the CEA. The 
Securities are not deposits or savings accounts and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency of the United States or any 
other jurisdiction. BBVA Securities Inc. is an affiliate of BBVA Global Securities B.V. and the Guarantor and, as such, will have a "conflict of interest" in any offering of 
3(a)(2) Notes in which it participates, as either principal or agent, within the meaning of Rule 5121 of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") (or any successor 
rule thereto) ("Rule 5121"). Consequently, any such offering will be conducted in compliance with the provisions of Rule 5121. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions—Conflicts of Interest". 
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS. Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms relating 
to the Securities, the Securities issued under the Programme are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to (a) any EEA retail investor or (b) any UK retail investor. For these purposes, an "EEA retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a "retail 
client" as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. In addition, a "UK retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a "retail client", as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to EEA retail investors has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities 
or otherwise making them available to any EEA retail investor may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. In addition, no key information document required by Regulation

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to UK retail investors has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any UK retail investor may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE AND UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities 
may include a legend entitled (a) in the case of the EEA, "MiFID II Product Governance" and (b) in the case of the UK, "UK MiFIR Product Governance", which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Securities (for the purposes of this paragraph, a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to (a) in the case of the EEA, MiFID II and (b) in the case of the UK, the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules"), is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for (a) the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the 
"MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules and (b) for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
EU BENCHMARK REGULATION – Amounts payable under the Securities or assets deliverable under the Securities may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference 
to certain reference rates, indices or other variables, which may constitute a benchmark under the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the "BMR"). If any 
such reference rate, index or variable does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities which are not Exempt Securities will indicate 
whether or not the administrator thereof is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA Register") pursuant to Article 36 of the BMR. Not every reference rate, index or variable will fall within the scope of the BMR. Furthermore, transitional 
provisions in the BMR may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the 
date of the applicable Issue Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the BMR is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the 
Issuer does not intend to update any Issue Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of any administrator. 
IMPORTANT – SWISS RETAIL INVESTORS - If and to the extent the Securities will be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly to retail clients (Privatkundinnen 
und -kunden) ("Retail Clients") pursuant to Article 4 para. 2 FinSA in Switzerland a key investor document (Basisinformationsblatt) within the meaning of Article 58 et seq. 
of FinSA relating to the Securities (a "FinSA-KID") would need to be prepared, unless the Retail Clients shall receive a key information document pursuant to the PRIIPs 
Regulation instead of a FinSA-KID. 
Each of BBVA Global Markets B.V. and BBVA Global Securities B.V. is incorporated under Dutch law and has its seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but has its 
tax residency in Spain. The Guarantor is incorporated and has its tax residency in Spain. The guarantor in respect of the 3(a)(2) Notes is Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A., acting through its New York Branch. Investors should note the statements on pages 659 to 666 (inclusive) regarding the tax treatment in Spain of 
income obtained in respect of the Securities. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor may agree with the relevant Dealer that Securities may be issued in a form not contemplated by the "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" set 
out herein, in which event a Supplement to this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Securities. 
In connection with any offering of Securities under this Base Prospectus, the Dealers are not acting for anyone other than the Issuer and will not be responsible to anyone other 
than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their clients nor for providing advice in relation to the offering. 
Arranger 
BBVA 
Dealers 
BBVA 
BBVA Securities Inc. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 20 June 2024

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Notice of the Nominal Amount (or Aggregate Nominal Amount in case of more than one Tranche) of Securities, interest 
(if any) payable in respect of Securities, the issue price of Securities and certain other information which is applicable to 
each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Securities") of Securities (other than in the case of Exempt 
Securities) will be set out either in (i) a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which will be filed with the Central 
Bank of Ireland and published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) or (ii) a 
separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") (as described under "Applicable Issue Terms 
and Drawdown Prospectus" below). In the case of Exempt Securities, notice of the Nominal Amount (or Aggregate 
Nominal Amount in case of more than one Tranche) of Securities, interest (if any) payable in respect of Securities, the 
issue price of Securities and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing 
supplement document (the "Pricing Supplement"). 
References herein to "Issue Terms" mean either (i) where the Securities are not Exempt Securities, the applicable Final 
Terms or (ii) where the Securities are Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references should be 
construed accordingly. Copies of the Issue Terms will be available from the specified office set out below of the Principal 
Paying Agent (as defined below). Where the Security is issued under a standalone prospectus (a "Drawdown Prospectus"), 
references to the applicable Issue Terms, Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be 
references to the Drawdown Prospectus, as the context requires. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor (the "Responsible Persons") accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Securities issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Responsible Persons, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not 
omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. Other than in relation to the documents which are 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which 
this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Any foreign language text that is included with or within this document 
has been included for convenience purposes only and does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Dealer(s) have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty 
or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealer(s) as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by 
the Issuer or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with (a) this Base Prospectus or (b) any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Securities and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealer(s). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Securities (a) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any of the Dealer(s) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or any Securities should purchase any Securities. Each investor contemplating 
purchasing any Securities should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Securities constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Dealer(s) to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Securities. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Securities shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and/or the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent 
to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealer(s) expressly do not undertake to review 
the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor 
in the Securities of any information coming to their attention.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
SECURITIES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Securities in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Dealer(s) do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer(s) which is intended to permit a 
public offering of any Securities or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Securities may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither the Offering Documents nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances 
that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession the Offering 
Documents or any Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of the Offering Documents and the offering and sale of Securities. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of the Offering Documents and the offer or sale of Securities in, without limitation, the United States, the 
United Kingdom and the EEA (including, without limitation, Spain, the Republic of Italy, Germany and France) (see 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions"). 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealer(s) makes any representation to any investor in the Securities regarding the 
legality of its investments under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Securities should be able to bear the economic 
risk of an investment in the Securities for an indefinite period of time. 
The Securities may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each investor in Securities should realise that investing 
in the Securities entails significant risks and may not be appropriate for investors lacking financial expertise. Investors 
should consult their own financial, tax and legal advisors as to the risks entailed by an investment in such Securities and 
the suitability of such Securities in light of their particular circumstances and ensure that its acquisition is fully consistent 
with their financial needs and investment policies, is lawful under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and/or in 
which it operates, and is a suitable investment for it to make. Each investor in the Securities must determine the suitability 
of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each investor may wish to consider, either on its own or 
with the help of its financial and other professional advisors, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Securities, the merits and risks 
of investing in the Securities and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or any applicable Supplement to this Base Prospectus and all the information contained in the Issue Terms; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial 
situation, an investment in the Securities and the impact the Securities will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Securities, including 
Securities with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the specified currency for 
principal or interest payments of the Securities is different from the investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Securities and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and 
financial markets; 
(e) 
in respect of Securities linked to the performance of, without limitation, one or more, or a combination of, 
underlying shares or depositary receipts, indices, rates of interest, other rates, foreign exchange rates, exchange 
traded fund shares, funds, inflation indices, EUA Contracts, bonds, custom indices and/or entities (together, 
"Reference Items" (which expression shall include "Underlyings") and each, a "Reference Item" (which 
expression shall include a "Underlying") (in respect of such Securities, together, "Reference Item Linked 
Securities" and each a "Reference Item Linked Security"), understands thoroughly (if necessary, in consultation 
with the investor's own legal, tax, accountancy, regulatory, investment or other professional advisers) the nature 
of each such Reference Item Linked Security; and 
(f) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest 
rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer or any affiliate of BBVA has given, and will not give, to any investor in the 
Securities (either directly or indirectly) any assurance, advice, recommendation or guarantee as to the merits, performance 
or suitability of such Securities, and the investor should be aware that the Issuer is acting as an arm's-length contractual 
counterparty and not as an advisor or fiduciary. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the 
terms of the Securities being offered, including the merits and risks involved. 
No website referred to in this Base Prospectus forms part of this Base Prospectus. 
SPANISH TAX RULES 
Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, of July 27 ("RD 1065/2007"), as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, of July 29 
("RD 1145/2011"), sets out the reporting obligations applicable to preference shares and debt instruments (including debt 
instruments issued at a discount for a period equal to or less than twelve months) issued under the First Additional Provision 
of Law 10/2014, of June 26, on Organisation, Supervision and Solvency of Credit Entities ("Law 10/2014"). 
General 
The procedure described in this Base Prospectus for the provision of information required by Spanish laws and regulations 
is a summary only. Holders of Securities must seek their own advice to ensure that the relevant procedures to ensure 
correct tax treatment of their Securities are complied with. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer(s), the Paying 
Agents, the European Clearing Systems or DTC assumes any responsibility therefor. 
According to Article 100.3 of the Spanish Personal Income Tax Law, in the case of any individual with tax residence in 
Spain (each a "Spanish Individual") acquired an Implicit Yield Security (as defined below), this Individual will only be 
entitled to either sale or obtain the reimbursement of the Implicit Yield Securities should the income derived from the 
Securities be subject to withholding tax, if the previous acquisition of these Securities was made with the intervention of a 
notary or a financial institution in a way that the previous acquisition is duly accredited, as well as the price of the 
aforementioned acquisition. The issuer or the financial institution in charge of the acquisition that should not make the 
reimbursement to the holder of the security according to the previous paragraph, must constitute a deposit for said amount 
at the disposal of the judicial authority 
"Implicit Yield Securities" means Securities in respect of which the income derives from (a) the difference between the 
redemption amount and the issue price of the Securities, or (b), subject to the paragraph below, a combination of (i) an 
explicit coupon and (ii) the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price of the Securities. 
For the purposes of this Base Prospectus and in accordance with Spanish tax regulations, Securities with the characteristics 
set out in paragraph (b) above will only be deemed Implicit Yield Securities if the interest payable in each year (explicit 
coupon) is lower than the Interest Rate of Reference applicable as of the Issue Date. 
The "Interest Rate of Reference" shall be the interest rate applicable to each calendar quarter determined by reference to 
80 per cent. of the weighted average rate fixed in the preceding calendar quarter for a (a) 3 year Spanish Government Bond 
issues, if the Securities have a term of 4 years or less, (b) 5 year Spanish Government Bond issues, if the Securities have a 
term of more than 4 years but equal or less than 7 years, or (c) 10, 15 or 30 year Spanish Government Bond issues, if the 
Securities have a term of more than 7 years, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being provided in the United States to (i) a limited number of QIBs who are also QPs and a limited 
number of "Accredited Investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9) or (12) under the Securities Act) that 
are institutions (each, an "IAI") who are also QPs (each as defined under "Form of Securities") that are investors in 
Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V., (ii) a limited number of QIBs and IAIs (none of which must be QPs) that 
are investors in Securities issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V. (other than 3(a)(2) Notes) and (iii) investors in 3(a)(2) 
Notes, in each case, for informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of the Securities 
being offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced 
in whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors 
to whom it is originally submitted.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
Neither the Securities, the Spanish Law Guarantee nor any Entitlement(s) have been or will be registered under the 
Securities Act. The 3(a)(2) Notes and the New York Law Guarantee will be offered pursuant to an exemption from 
registration provided by Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The 3(a)(2) Notes and the New York Law Guarantee are not 
required to be, and have not been, registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. state securities laws or with any 
governmental authority. Trading in the Securities has not been approved by the CFTC under the CEA. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Securities (other than 3(a)(2) Notes) may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. The Securities are not deposits or savings accounts and are not insured by the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
The Securities in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Registered Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V. may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs 
who are also QPs or to IAIs who are also QPs and Registered Securities issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V. (other 
than 3(a)(2) Notes) may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs or to IAIs, in each case, in transactions 
exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A or any other applicable exemption. Each U.S. 
purchaser of Registered Securities (other than 3(a)(2) Notes) is hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Registered 
Securities to it may be being made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144A and one or more exemptions and/or exclusions from regulation under the CEA, as amended. 
Purchasers of Definitive IAI Registered Securities (as defined under "Form of Securities – Registered Securities") and 
Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security will be required to execute and deliver an Investment Letter (as 
defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Securities"). Each purchaser or holder of Definitive IAI Registered Securities, 
Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security or any Securities issued in registered form in exchange or 
substitution therefor (together "Legended Securities") will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended 
Securities, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such 
Securities as set out in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Unless otherwise stated, terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in "Form of Securities". 
The Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, the New 
York State Department of Financial Services or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United 
States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the 
adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
In addition, the Securities may not be offered, sold or transferred to any U.S. person that is a benefit plan investor, is using 
the assets of a benefit plan investor to acquire such Securities or that will at any time hold such Securities for a benefit plan 
investor (including assets that may be held in an insurance company's separate or general accounts where assets in such 
accounts may be deemed "plan assets" for purposes of ERISA). For the purposes hereof, the term "benefit plan investor" 
means (A) any employee benefit plan (as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA), (B) any plan described in section 4975(e)(1) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, or (C) any entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of a plan's 
investment in the entity (within the meaning of the U.S. Department of Labor Regulations section 2510.3-101 as modified 
by section 3(42) of ERISA) and the term "ERISA" means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Securities that are "restricted 
securities" within the meaning of the Securities Act, each of Issuer and the Guarantor have undertaken in a deed poll dated 
June 23, 2023 (in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V.) or in a deed poll dated  June 23, 2023 (in 
the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V.) (the deed poll applicable to a Tranche of Securities, the 
"Deed Poll") to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Securities or any beneficial interest therein, to such holder or 
to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 
Securities Act if, at the time of the request, any of the Securities remain outstanding as "restricted securities" within the 
meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act and the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, is neither a reporting 
company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), nor 
exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are corporations organised under the laws of the Netherlands and Spain respectively. All or 
most of the officers and directors of the Issuer and the Guarantor named herein reside outside the United States and all or 
a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of such officers and directors are located outside the 
United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process outside the Netherlands and Spain 
upon the Issuer and Spain upon the Guarantor or such persons, or to enforce judgments against them obtained in courts 
outside the Netherlands and Spain predicated upon civil liabilities of the Issuer and the Guarantor or such directors and 
officers under laws other than the laws of the Netherlands and the laws of Spain, including any judgment predicated upon 
United States federal securities laws.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................................. 17 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................................... 82 
APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS ........................................................................... 84 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES .................................................................................................... 85 
Annex 1 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts ................................................................................... 149 
Annex 2 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Securities .......................................................... 198 
Annex 3 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked Securities ........................................................ 213 
Annex 4 
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Securities ............................................................ 232 
Annex 5 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities ........................................................... 250 
Annex 6 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Securities ..................................................... 261 
Annex 7 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities ..................... 266 
Annex 8 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities ......................................................... 277 
Annex 9 
Additional Terms and Conditions for EUA Contract Linked Securities ............................................ 354 
Annex 10 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Securities .......................................................... 364 
Annex 11 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Custom Index Linked Securities ............................................ 374 
FORM OF SECURITIES ............................................................................................................................................... 384 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] ......................................................... 390 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] .................................................. 480 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(a)(2) NOTES ......................................................................................... 564 
FORM OF FUNGIBLE TRANCHE PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT 
[NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] (BEARER FORM) .......................................................................................................... 617 
USE OF PROCEEDS ..................................................................................................................................................... 622 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................... 625 
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V. ............................................................................................... 630 
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL SECURITIES B.V. ........................................................................................... 633 
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. ................................................................... 636 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................................................... 659 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS ................................................ 716 
GENERAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................................... 744

--- Page 10 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and any decision to invest in the Securities should 
be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, the Issue Terms and the documents incorporated by 
reference. 
Information relating to the Issuers 
 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 213800L2COK1WB5Q3Z55. 
 
BBVA Global Markets B.V., a private company with limited 
liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid), 
was incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands on October 29, 
2009 for an unlimited duration. 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. has its seat (zetel) in Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands and its principal place of business at Calle Sauceda, 
28, Edificio Asia, 28050 Madrid, Spain (tel: +34 915370703). 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. is registered in the trade register of the 
Netherlands Chamber of Commerce under number 34363108. 
Business: 
The principal business of BBVA Global Markets B.V. is to raise 
funds on the capital and money markets to finance the business 
activities of, and enter into other financial agreements with, the 
Guarantor and its subsidiaries. 
Directors: 
The Directors of BBVA Global Markets B.V. are as follows: 
 
Name 
Position at BBVA 
Global 
Markets 
B.V. 
Present Principal 
Occupation 
Outside of BBVA 
Global 
Markets 
B.V. 
 
Marian 
Coscarón 
Tomé 
Managing Director 
Head 
of 
Global 
Securities of BBVA 
 
Christian Højbjerre 
Mortensen 
Managing Director 
Global 
Securities 
Manager of BBVA 
BBVA Global Securities B.V. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 7245002K0ECNIA1YTU43 
 
BBVA Global Securities B.V., a private company with limited 
liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid), 
was incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands on December 
7, 2020 for an unlimited duration. 
BBVA Global Securities B.V. has its seat (zetel) in Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands and its principal place of business at Calle Sauceda, 
28, Edificio Asia, 28050 Madrid, Spain (tel: +34 915370703). 
BBVA Global Securities B.V. is registered in the trade register of 
the Netherlands Chamber of Commerce under number 81185774. 
Business: 
The principal business of BBVA Global Securities B.V. is to raise 
funds on the capital and money markets to finance the business

--- Page 11 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
 
11 
 
 
activities of, and enter into other financial agreements with, the 
Guarantor and its subsidiaries. 
Directors: 
The Director of BBVA Global Securities B.V. is as follows: 
 
Name 
Position at BBVA 
Global 
Securities 
B.V. 
Present Principal 
Occupation 
Outside of BBVA 
Global 
Securities 
B.V.  
 
Roberto Vila Freyer 
Managing Director 
Global 
Head 
of 
Sales & Structuring 
CIB 
Information Relating to the Guarantor 
 
The Guarantor and the Group: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (in the case of 3(a)(2) 
Notes, acting through its New York Branch) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): K8MS7FD7N5Z2WQ51AZ71 
BBVA's predecessor bank, BBV (Banco Bilbao Vizcaya), was 
incorporated as a public limited company (a "sociedad anónima" or 
S.A.) under the Spanish Corporations Law on October 1, 1988. 
BBVA was formed following the merger of Argentaria into BBV 
(Banco Bilbao Vizcaya), which was approved by the shareholders 
of each entity on December 18, 1999 and registered on January 28, 
2000. It conducts its business under the commercial name "BBVA". 
BBVA is registered with the Commercial Registry of Vizcaya 
(Spain). It has its registered office at Plaza de San Nicolás 4, Bilbao, 
Spain, 48005, and operates out of Calle Azul, 4, 28050, Madrid, 
Spain (Telephone: +34-91-374-6201). 
Business:  
The BBVA Group is a customer-centric global financial services 
group founded in 1857. Internationally diversified and with 
strengths in the traditional banking businesses of retail banking, 
asset management and wholesale banking, the Group is committed 
to offering a compelling digital proposition focused on customer 
experience. 
For this purpose, the Group is focused on increasingly offering 
products online and through mobile channels, improving the 
functionality of its digital offerings and refining the customer 
experience, contributing to the delivery of BBVA’s strategy in a 
sustainable and inclusive way. BBVA is committed to 
sustainability, which is impacting the banking business as part of 
its daily activities, encompassing not only relations with customers 
but also internal processes.  
Board of Directors: 
The members of the Board of Directors of BBVA as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus are as follows: 
 
Carlos Torres Vila 
 
Onur Genç  
 
José Miguel Andrés Torrecillas 
 
Jaime Félix Caruana Lacorte 
 
Sonia Lilia Dulá  
 
Raúl Catarino Galamba de Oliveira

--- Page 12 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
 
12 
 
 
 
Belén Garijo López 
 
Connie Hedegaard Koksbang  
 
Lourdes Máiz Carro 
 
José Maldonado Ramos 
 
Ana Cristina Peralta Moreno 
 
Juan Pi Llorens 
 
Ana Leonor Revenga Shanklin  
 
Carlos Vicente Salazar Lomelín  
 
Jan Paul Marie Francis Verplancke  
Description of the Programme 
 
Description: 
€10,000,000,000 Structured Medium Term Securities Programme 
(the "Programme"). 
Arranger and Dealer: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. and BBVA Securities Inc. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer(s) under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either 
in respect of a single Tranche or in respect of the Programme. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Registrars: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
The Bank of New York Mellon  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.  
Listing: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland, as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made by BBVA Global Markets B.V. to 
Euronext Dublin for certain Securities issued by BBVA Global 
Markets B.V. to be admitted to the Official List and for the 
securities to be admitted to trading on its regulated market. 
Application has been made to the Vienna Stock Exchange for 
certain Securities issued under the Programme during the period of 
twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed and 
admitted to trading on the Vienna MTF. 
Application may also be made for Securities issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading and to be listed on SeDex, 
Euro TLX, Taipei Stock Exchange and/or any other Stock 
Exchange specified in the applicable Issue Terms. In addition, 
Application may also be made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. MOT. Application may also be 
made for Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading and/or to be listed on the multilateral trading facilities of 
SeDeX, Euro TLX, Taipei Stock Exchange and/or any other Stock 
Exchange specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
 
13 
 
 
Size: 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Securities from 
time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements, Securities may be denominated 
in any currency agreed with the relevant Dealer. Payments in 
respect of Securities may, subject to such compliance, be made in 
and/or linked to, any currency or currencies other than the currency 
in which such Securities are denominated. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations, central bank requirements and directives.  
Denomination: 
The Securities will be issued in such denominations (or in such 
number of units) as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
Final Terms, Drawdown Prospectus or Pricing 
Supplement: 
The issue terms of each Tranche of Securities other than Exempt 
Securities will be set out and completed by Part A of the applicable 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus, as applicable. The issue 
terms of each Tranche of Exempt Securities, will be set out in a 
pricing supplement documented by Part A of the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and in the case of a further issue of Exempt Securities 
in bearer form, at the election of the Issuer, as set out in and 
amended by the Tranche specific terms in a fungible tranche 
Pricing Supplement. 
Method of Issue: 
The Securities will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Securities will be issued in one or more Series (which 
may be issued on the same date or which may be issued in more 
than one Tranche on different dates). The Securities may be issued 
in Tranches on a continuous basis with no minimum issue size, 
subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and 
directives. Further Securities may be issued as part of an existing 
Series. 
Form of Securities: 
The Securities of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or 
without interest coupons attached, or registered form, without 
interest coupons attached. Bearer Securities will be issued outside 
the United States in reliance on Regulation S. 3(a)(2) Notes will be 
issued only as Registered Securities. Registered Securities will not 
be exchangeable for Bearer Securities and vice versa. See "Form of 
Securities". 
Issue Price: 
Securities may be issued at their nominal amount. Partly Paid 
Securities may also be issued, the Issue Price of which will be 
payable in two or more instalments. The Issue Price and amount of 
Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Type of Securities: 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify the following type for a 
Security: 
Fixed Rate Security 
Floating Rate Security 
Specified Interest Amount Security

--- Page 14 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
 
14 
 
 
Zero Coupon Security 
Instalment Security 
Dual Currency Security 
Partly Paid Security 
Reference Item Linked Security 
 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify the Interest Basis for 
Reference Item Linked Interest Securities which may be where the 
Interest Basis is: Index Linked Interest, an "Index Linked Interest 
Security"; Equity Linked Interest, an "Equity Linked Interest 
Security"; Inflation Linked Interest, an "Inflation Linked Interest 
Security"; Reference Item Rate Linked Interest, a "Reference Item 
Rate Linked Interest Security"; ETF Linked Interest a "ETF 
Linked Interest Security"; Fund Linked Interest, a "Fund Linked 
Interest Security"; Credit Linked Interest, a "Credit Linked 
Interest Security" or "Credit Linked Security"; Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest, a "Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Interest Security"; EUA Contract Linked Interest, 
an "EUA Contract Linked Interest Security"; Bond Linked 
Interest, a "Bond Linked Interest Security"; Custom Index 
Linked Interest, a "Custom Index Linked Interest Security" or 
where a combination of any two or more Interest Bases, a 
"Combination Interest Security" (each, a "Reference Item 
Linked Interest Security"). 
 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify the Redemption Basis for 
Reference Item Linked Redemption Securities which may be where 
the Redemption Basis is: Index Linked Redemption, an "Index 
Linked Redemption Security"; Equity Linked Redemption, an 
"Equity 
Linked 
Redemption 
Security"; 
ETF 
Linked 
Redemption, a "ETF Linked Redemption Security"; Fund Linked 
Redemption, a "Fund Linked Redemption Security"; Inflation 
Linked 
Redemption, 
an 
"Inflation 
Linked 
Redemption 
Security"; Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption, a "Reference 
Item Rate Linked Redemption Security"; Foreign Exchange 
(FX) Rate Linked Redemption, a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Redemption Security"; Credit Linked Redemption, a 
"Credit Linked Redemption Security" or "Credit Linked 
Security"; EUA Contract Linked Redemption, an "EUA Contract 
Linked Redemption Security"; Bond Linked Redemption, a 
"Bond Linked Redemption Security" or Custom Index Linked 
Redemption, a "Custom Index Linked Redemption Security" or 
where a combination of any two or more Redemption Bases, a 
"Combination Redemption Security" (each, a "Reference Item 
Linked Redemption Security"). 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Securities and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from 
time to time or be constant for any Series. Securities may have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. All such 
information will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Settlement of the Securities: 
A Security may, as provided in the Issue Terms, provide that 
settlement will be by way of cash settlement ("Cash Settled 
Securities") or by way of physical delivery ("Physically Settled 
Securities")

--- Page 15 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
 
15 
 
 
Optional Redemption: 
The Issue Terms issued in respect of each issue of Securitites will 
state whether such Securities may be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or 
the Securityholders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption.  
Information requirements under Spanish Law: 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 1065/2007 as 
amended, the Issuer, and Guarantor are required to provide to the 
Spanish tax authorities certain information relating to the 
Securities. 
 
If the Principal Paying Agent or U.S. Paying Agent, as the case may 
be, fails to provide the Issuer with the required information 
described under "Spanish Taxation" in respect of the Securities, the 
Issuer may be required to withhold tax and may pay income in 
respect of such principal amount net of the Spanish withholding tax 
applicable to such payments (currently at the rate of 19 per cent.). 
 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers, or the 
ICSDs assumes any responsibility therefore. 
Governing Law: 
The terms and conditions of the Securities, all related contractual 
documentation and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Certificated Securities and all related 
contractual documentation will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
Any New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes, the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement to the extent they relate solely to such New York Law 
3(a)(2) Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. Guarantee 
will be governed by Spanish law, save for the Guarantee for 3(a)(2) 
Notes, which will be governed by New York law. 
 
Rule 144A: 
Offers and sales in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act will be permitted if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
subject to compliance with all relevant legal and regulatory 
requirements of the United States of America. 
Selling Restrictions: 
United States, European Economic Area (EEA), EEA Retail 
Investors, Austria, Dubai, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, 
Portugal, Republic of Italy, Spain, Sweden, The Netherlands, 
Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Hong Kong, Mexico, Monaco, 
Panama, Peru, Republic of Korea, Singapore, Switzerland, Taiwan, 
The Bahamas, Turkey, United Kingdom, UK Retail Investors, 
Uruguay and Venezuela. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions". 
 
In connection with an offering and sale of a particular Tranche of 
Exempt Securities, additional selling restrictions may be imposed 
which will be set out in the Pricing Supplement. 
 
Securities having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in section 19 FSMA unless they are issued to a

--- Page 16 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
 
 
 
 
16 
 
 
limited class of professional investors and have a denomination of 
at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
Risk Factors: 
Investors should understand the risks of investing in any type of 
Security before they make their investment decision. They should 
make their own independent decision to invest in any type of 
Security and as to whether an investment in such Security is 
appropriate or proper for them based upon their own judgement and 
upon advice from such advisers as they consider necessary. 
 
For a description of certain risks involved in investing in the 
Securities, see "Risk Factors". 
 
Risk factors are designed both to protect investors from investments 
from which they are not suitable and to set out the financial risks 
associated with an investment in a particular type of Security. 
Meetings of Securityholders: 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Securityholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests.

--- Page 17 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
17 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Securities, investors expose themselves to the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor may become insolvent, 
subject to early intervention or resolution measures, or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the 
Securities or under the Guarantee. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the "Risk Factors relating to the 
Issuer" and the "Risk Factors relating to the Guarantor" sections below describe the principal risks that may affect their 
ability to fulfil their obligations under Securities issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies 
which may or may not occur and the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to perform its obligations in respect of any 
Securities may occur for other reasons which may not, based on information currently available to them, be considered 
significant risks by either the Issuer or the Guarantor or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
The Securities are subject to risks generally associated with an investment in conventional debt securities, and are 
senior unsecured obligations of the Issuer. Any payments to be made on the Securities depend on the ability of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor to satisfy their obligations as they come due. Investors are subject to the credit risk, and 
to changes in the market's view of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Guarantor, and in the event the Issuer 
and the Guarantor were to default on its obligations, an investor may not receive any amounts owed to it under the 
terms of the Securities. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the type of 
Securities issued under the Programme and the principal risks inherent in investing in Securities issued under the 
Programme are also described below. These are risks that are additional to the risks associated with an investment 
in conventional debt securities. 
Investors in the Securities should consider carefully, among other things in the light of their financial circumstances and 
investment objectives, all of the information in this Base Prospectus and, in particular, the risk factors set forth below 
before making an investment decision. Investors may lose the value of their entire investment in certain circumstances. 
References herein to "BBVA" or to the "Bank" shall be read and construed as references to the Guarantor. 
The Risk Factors set out below appear under the following headings: 
1. 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer. 
1.1 
The Issuer is dependent on the Guarantor to make payments on the Securities 
1.2 
Certain considerations in relation to the forum upon insolvency of the Issuer 
1.3 
The Issuer may become taxable in a jurisdiction other than Spain 
2. 
Risk Factors relating to the Guarantor. 
2.1 
Macroeconomic Risks and Geopolitical Risks 
2.2 
Business Risks 
3. 
Financial Risks 
3.1 
The Group has a continuous demand for liquidity to finance its activities and the withdrawal of deposits 
or other sources of liquidity could significantly affect it 
3.2 
The Group depends on its credit ratings and sovereign credit ratings, especially Spain's and Mexico’s 
credit ratings 
3.3 
The Group’s earnings and financial condition have been, and its future earnings and financial condition 
may continue to be, materially affected by asset impairment

--- Page 18 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
18 
 
 
4. 
Legal, Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks 
4.1 
Legal Risks 
4.2 
Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks 
5. 
Operational Risks 
5.1 
Risks related to early intervention and resolution 
6. 
Risk Factors relating to the Securities. 
6.1 
Risk Factors associated with Securities that are linked to specific types of Reference Items. 
6.2 
Risk Factors associated with Securities that are linked to Reference Item linked Securities. 
6.3 
Risk Factors relating to Securities with certain features. 
6.4 
Risk Factors regarding the purchase, holding and selling of Securities generally. 
6.5 
Risk Factors relating to termination and adjustment rights of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the 
Calculation Agent 
6.6 
Risk Factor relating to Sustainable Securities. 
6.7 
Risk Relating to Renminbi Securities 
1. 
Risk Factors relating to the Issuer 
1.1 
The Issuer is dependent on the Guarantor to make payments on the Securities 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Guarantor which was established for the purpose of, among others, 
issuing Securities and on-lending the proceeds within the Group. The Issuer is therefore dependent upon other 
members of the Group paying interest on and repaying their debts in a timely fashion. Should the Guarantor fail 
to pay interest on or repay any debt in a timely fashion, this will have a material adverse effect on the ability of 
the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under Securities issued under the Programme. 
By virtue of its dependence on the Guarantor, each of the risks described below that affect the Guarantor will also 
indirectly affect the Issuer. 
1.2 
Certain considerations in relation to the forum upon insolvency of the Issuer 
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the court having jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings and the law 
applicable to those proceedings and their effects will be determined in accordance with the provisions of Council 
Regulation (EC) No 848/2015, of May 20, 2015, on insolvency proceedings ("Regulation 848/2015"), the Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2020, of May 5, 2020, that approved the recast version of the Spanish Insolvency Act (Real 
Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) (as 
amended, the "Spanish Insolvency Law") and the Dutch Insolvency Law (faillissementswet) of September 30, 
1893 (as amended, the "Dutch Insolvency Law"). Pursuant to these provisions, the courts of the place where the 
Issuer has its centre of main interests shall have jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against it and the law 
applicable to the insolvency proceedings and their effects will be the law of the place where such proceedings are 
opened. 
Under Regulation 848/2015, the centre of main interests should correspond to the place where the debtor conducts 
the administration of its interests on a regular basis and is therefore ascertainable by third parties. In the case of a 
company or legal person, Regulation 848/2015 presumes, in the absence of proof to the contrary, that the place of 
its registered office is the centre of its main interests. Based on this presumption, a Dutch court may consider that 
it has jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. Notwithstanding this presumption, it is 
arguable that the centre of main interests of the Issuer should be considered to be located in Spain and that the

--- Page 19 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
19 
 
 
Spanish courts should be the courts with jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against it. In addition, even 
if the centre of main interests of the Issuer were not in Spain, the Spanish court could still open insolvency 
proceedings (named territorial insolvency proceedings) if they consider that the Issuer has an establishment within 
the territory of Spain, the effects of which would be limited to the assets of the Issuer situated in Spain. 
Securityholders should be aware that, in accordance with the above, in the case of an eventual insolvency of the 
Issuer, there is uncertainty as to whether the insolvency proceedings would be opened in the Netherlands or in 
Spain. 
1.3 
The Issuer may become taxable in a jurisdiction other than Spain and this may increase the aggregate tax 
burden on the Issuer 
Since its incorporation, the Issuer has had, on a continuous basis, its place of "effective management" in Spain. 
For Spanish tax purposes, the Issuer will therefore qualify as a tax resident of Spain on the basis of Spanish 
domestic law and subject to Spanish taxes. For Dutch tax purposes, a company is considered a tax resident of the 
Netherlands, irrespective the company's place of "effective management", if it is incorporated under Dutch law 
(the so-called "Incorporation Rule") and will as such in principle be subject to Dutch taxes. 
This would result in the Issuer being a tax resident in both Spain and the Netherlands. In such event, the so-called 
tie-breaker provision (the "Tie-Breaker Provision") included in Article 4(4) of the Convention between the 
Netherlands and Spain for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with respect to Taxes on Income and on Net Wealth 
(the "Convention"), determines that the Issuer should qualify solely as a tax resident in Spain for purposes of the 
Convention, provided that the Issuer's place of "effective management" is in Spain. 
The test of "effective management" is largely a question of fact and degree based on all the circumstances, rather 
than a question of law. Nevertheless, the relevant case law and OECD guidance suggest that the Issuer is likely to 
be regarded as having become Spanish tax resident from incorporation and remaining so if, as the Issuer intends, 
(i) most meetings of its executive directors are prepared and held in Spain (and none will be held in presence in 
the Netherlands) with a majority of executive directors present in Spain for those meetings; (ii) at those meetings 
there are full discussions of, and decisions are made regarding, the key strategic issues affecting the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries; (iii) those meetings are properly minuted; (iv) a majority of its executive directors, together with 
supporting staff, are based in Spain; and (v) the Issuer has permanent staffed office premises in Spain. These facts 
and circumstances may change (for example, the directors or the place where board of directors meetings take 
place may change), and this may result in the Issuer becoming (also) a tax resident of the Netherlands or another 
jurisdiction. 
Furthermore, the applicable tax laws or interpretations thereof, applicable tax treaties, including the Convention 
and the Tie-Breaker Provision, may change. In the event that the Convention would change, or if Spain and the 
Netherlands would designate the Convention as a so-called 'covered tax agreement' subject to the Multilateral 
Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (the "MLI"), 
the Issuer may become (also) a tax resident of the Netherlands (at least until the moment Spain and the Netherlands 
will reach an agreement on the Issuer’s tax residency for purposes of the Convention). 
Moreover, the Issuer may become subject to income taxes in other countries with regard to the income generated 
in the respective other country, for example, due to the existence of a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative in such other country. 
As a consequence, the Issuer's overall effective income tax rate and income tax expense could materially increase, 
which could have a material adverse effect the Issuer's financial condition. 
2. 
Risk Factors relating to the Guarantor 
The description of the risks inherent to the activity of BBVA, its businesses and its operations, as well as the 
quantitative information on the different risks, based on data referring to the 2023 and 2022 financial years, are 
described in this section and it complements what is included in the consolidated financial statements 
("Consolidated Financial Statements") and the consolidated management report ("Annual Accounts and 
Consolidated Management Report") for the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. 
In the Chapter of "Risk Management" of the Consolidated Management Report attached to the Consolidated 
Annual Accounts for the year ended December 31, 2023, the risk principles and policies of the Group are

--- Page 20 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
20 
 
 
described, as well as the corporate governance scheme on risk management, the internal control model and the 
tools, circuits and relevant procedures.  
Below are detailed the risk factors, arranged by categories according to their nature, which BBVA considers may 
affect the entity, its activity, the sector in which it develops such activity or the environment in which it operates, 
and which could adversely affect its business, its results, its financial, economic or equity situation, or its ability 
to fulfill its obligations. 
Within each of the categories, the risks are listed according to the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact.  
If any of the risks described materialise, the business, the results and the financial situation of BBVA, or of any 
of the Group's entities, could be adversely and significantly affected. 
These are not the only risks that BBVA could face, and it may be the case that other risks materialise in the future, 
currently unknown or not considered relevant at the present time. For the purposes of the risk factors described 
below, all references made to BBVA should also be understood as made to all those companies that make up the 
Group. 
2.1 
Macroeconomic and Geopolitical Risks 
A deterioration in economic or political conditions in the countries where the Group operates could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations 
The Group is sensitive to the deterioration of economic conditions or the alteration of the institutional environment 
of the countries in which it operates, and especially Spain, Mexico and Turkey, which represented 56.4 per cent., 
23.0 per cent. and 8.9 per cent., respectively, of the Group’s assets as of March 31, 2024 (59.0 per cent., 22.4 per 
cent. and 8.8 per cent. as of 31st December, 2023, respectively, and 60.0 per cent., 20.0 per cent. and 9.3 per cent. 
as of 31st December, 2022, respectively). For the periods ended 31st December, 2023 and 31st December, 2022, 
the Group’s attributable profit amounted to €8,019 million and €6,358 million, respectively (€2,200 million and 
€1,846 million, respectively, for the periods ended 31st March, 2024 and 2023) and the adjusted attributable profit 
was €8,019 million and €6,559 million, respectively (€2,200 million and €1,846 million, respectively, for the 
periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023). The share of the adjusted attributable profit of Spain, Mexico, Turkey 
and South America was 34.4 per cent., 66.6 per cent., 6.6 per cent. and 7.6 per cent., respectively, for the period 
ended December 31, 2023, and 28.5 per cent., 63.0 per cent., 7.7 per cent. and 11.2 per cent., respectively, for the 
period ended December 31, 2022 (32.9 per cent., 65.5 per cent., 6.5 per cent. and 5.4 per cent., respectively, for 
the period ended March 31, 2024 and 28.8 per cent., 69.3 per cent., 15.0 per cent. and 9.8 per cent., respectively, 
for the period ended March 31, 2023). The share of the Group’s gross margin of Spain, Mexico, Turkey and South 
America was 26.7 per cent., 48.3 per cent., 10.1 per cent. and 14.7 per cent., respectively, for the period ended 
December 31, 2023, and 24.7 per cent., 43.4 per cent., 12.8 per cent. and 17.2 per cent., respectively, for the period 
ended December 31, 2022, (26.3 per cent., 48.3 per cent., 10.9 per cent. and 14.6 per cent., respectively, for the 
period ended March 31, 2024 and 24.8 per cent., 47.5 per cent., 11.5 per cent. and 16.9 per cent., respectively, for 
the period ended March 31, 2023). Additionally, the Group is exposed to sovereign debt, especially sovereign 
debt in these geographical areas. 
The global economy is currently facing a number of extraordinary challenges. The war in Ukraine, the largest 
military attack on a European state since World War II, has led to significant disruption, instability and volatility 
in global markets, as well as higher inflation (including by contributing to increases in the prices of oil, gas and 
other commodities and disrupting supply chains) and lower economic growth. The European Union, the United 
States and other governments have imposed significant sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian 
interests and additional sanctions and controls may be imposed in the future. 
Despite the moderation of oil and gas prices and financial volatility over the last year, increasing geopolitical 
tensions may lead to new price increases and financial instability, particularly following the armed conflict in the 
Middle East and the recent disruptions to maritime trade routes in the Red Sea. 
In addition, there is a risk of a sharp growth slowdown in China, which could lead to lower GDP expansion in 
many regions. Although it may be possible to offset part of the growth slowdown through the adoption of certain 
fiscal, monetary and regulatory measures by authorities, there are risks related to tensions in the real estate 
markets, among others.

--- Page 21 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
21 
 
 
Geopolitical and economic risks also arise as a result of trade tensions between the United States and China, 
Brexit, and the rise of populism, among others. Growing tensions may lead, among other things, to a 
deglobalisation of the world economy, an increase in protectionism or barriers to immigration, a general reduction 
of international trade in goods and services and a reduction in the integration of financial markets, any of which 
could materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Moreover, the world economy could be adversely affected by the recent significant changes in monetary policy 
in a context of relatively high and widespread inflationary pressures. To address such pressures, central banks 
resorted to aggressive interest rate hikes in recent years, which could cause a significant growth slowdown - and, 
even, a sharp economic recession - as well as new episodes of financial stress. While interest rates have started to 
decline in certain regions, and the United States and the Eurozone may follow suit in mid-2024, monetary policies 
are expected to remain tight in the near term. In addition, declines in interest rates could refuel inflation. 
The Group’s results of operations have been affected by the recent increases in interest rates, contributing both to 
a rise in net interest income and a rise in funding costs. The continued prevalence of relatively of high interest 
rates could adversely affect the Group by reducing the demand for credit, limiting the Group’s ability to generate 
credit for its clients and/or increasing the default rate of its counterparties (including borrowers). Moreover, the 
Group’s results of operations have been affected by the high inflation in all countries in which BBVA operates, 
especially Turkey and Argentina. 
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Risks relating to the political, economic and social conditions in Spain  
The Group has historically carried out its lending activity mainly in Spain, which continues to be its primary 
business area. As of 31st December, 2023, total risk in financial assets in Spain (calculated as set forth in Appendix 
XI (Additional information on risk concentration) of the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements) amounted to 
€231,214 million, equivalent to 34.2 per cent. of the Group’s total risk in financial assets. The Group’s gross 
exposure of loans and advances to customers in Spain totaled €214,522 million as of 31st December, 2023, 
representing 55.2 per cent. of the Group’s total amount of loans and advances to customers. Economic recovery 
from the unprecedented downturn in economic activity brought by the COVID-19 pandemic has deteriorated 
following the outbreak of the conflict in the Middle East and continuation of the war in Ukraine. Measures adopted 
to support the economy as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and, more recently, rising inflation, have given 
rise to concerns about the sustainability of Spain’s very high public debt in the medium and long term. Moreover, 
structural unemployment remains high. Further, political, regulatory and economic uncertainties have increased 
since the July 2023 general elections and there is risk that policies could be adopted that have an adverse impact 
on the economy or our business. 
Given the significance of the Group’s exposure to Spain, any adverse change affecting political, economic and 
social conditions in Spain could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Risks relating to the political, economic and social conditions in Turkey 
Turkey has, from time to time, experienced volatile political, economic and social conditions. While there have 
been increasing signs of normalisation in economic policy in general, and monetary policy in particular, since the 
general elections held in May 2023. economic conditions remain relatively unstable, characterised by a 
depreciation of the Turkish lira, high inflation, a significant trade deficit, low central bank’s foreign reserves and 
high external financing costs. The earthquakes of February 2023 have deepened Turkey's economic struggles. In 
addition to the vast human losses, the earthquakes and the government's response thereto have added to mounting 
inflation and budget risks. Additionally, certain ongoing geopolitical tensions, such as the war in Ukraine and the 
armed conflict in the Middle East, as well as continuing regional conflicts (such as in Syria and in 
Armenia/Azerbaijan), may pose further strain on the country’s economy. Continuing unfavourable economic 
conditions in Turkey may result in a potential deterioration in the purchasing power and creditworthiness of the 
Group’s clients (both individual and corporate). In addition, the regulatory and macroprudential policies affecting 
the banking sector, including measures adopted to increase the weight of Turkish lira-denominated assets and 
liabilities of the banking system (and the relatively low official interest rates (with Turkey’s real interest rate still 
being negative given the high inflation) have affected and may continue to affect the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations.

--- Page 22 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
22 
 
 
Challenges faced by the Turkish economy and policies affecting the Turkish banking sector may have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations in Turkey. 
2.2 
Business Risks 
The Group's businesses are subject to inherent risks concerning counterparties' credit quality and the value of 
collateral  
The total maximum credit risk exposure of the Group (calculated as set forth in Note 7.2.2 to the 2023 
Consolidated Financial Statements) as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was €942,189 million and 
€904,889 million, respectively (€815,533 million as of December 31, 2022). The maximum exposure of loans and 
advances to customers at amortised cost as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was €400,457 million and 
€388,912 million, respectively (€368,588 million as of December 31, 2022). The accumulated loss allowances of 
loans and advances to customers at amortised cost as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 amounted to 
€11,508 million and €11,269 million, respectively (€11,237 million as of December 31, 2022). 
As of March 31, 2024, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 the impairment on financial assets not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss (impairment of financial assets) was a negative balance of €1,361 
million, €4,428 million and €3,379 million, respectively, due to the deterioration of the macroeconomic 
environment with downward revision of growth expectations in an inflationary environment with a general 
increase in the prices of energy raw materials and interest rates. The Group has exposures to many different 
products and counterparties, and the credit quality of its exposures can have a significant effect on the Group’s 
earnings. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Group’s counterparties (including borrowers), or any adverse 
changes in the value of collateral they may have provided, may reduce the value of the Group’s assets, and 
materially increase the Group’s write-downs and loss allowances. Credit risk can be affected by a range of factors, 
including an adverse economic environment, a decrease in consumption or corporate or government spending, 
changes in the rating of individual contractual counterparties, their debt levels and the environment in which they 
operate, increased unemployment, higher commodity prices (especially energy commodities), reduced asset 
values, increased retail or corporate insolvency levels, changes in interest rates (as well as the timing, magnitude 
and pace of these changes), litigation and legal and regulatory developments. 
In recent years, the Group’s non-performing loans ("NPL") ratio (as defined in the Alternative Performance 
Measures section of the Consolidated Management Report 2023 (as defined in "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference" below)) which was  3.4 per cent. and 3.4 per cent. as of March 31, 2024, December 31, 2023 and 
December 31, 2022, has remained relatively stable. Recent (and further, if any) interest rates increases will likely 
lead to a deterioration of the Group’s NPL ratio and an increase in the Group’s risk-weighted assets ("RWAs"). 
The Group’s coverage ratio (as defined in the Alternative Performance Measures section of the Consolidated 
Management Report 2023) stood at 76 per  cent., 77 per cent. and 81 per cent. as of March, 31, 2024, December 
31, 2023, December 31, 2022,respectively. 
Furthermore, a deterioration of economic conditions typically results in a decrease in the price of real estate assets. 
The Group remains significantly exposed to the real estate market, mainly in Spain and, to a lesser extent, Mexico 
and Turkey, due to the fact that many of its loans are secured by real estate assets and due to the significant volume 
of real estate assets that it maintains on its balance sheet. A fall in the price of real estate assets in a particular 
region would reduce the value of any real estate securing loans granted by the Group in such region and, therefore, 
in the event of default, the amount of the expected losses related to such loans would increase. Further, a fall in 
real estate prices could have a material adverse effect on the default rates of the Group's residential mortgage and 
real estate developer credit portfolios. The balance of the Group’s residential mortgage portfolio at a global level 
was €93,358 million and €92,064 million, respectively, as of , December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. 
Further, the Group’s corporate credit portfolios include real estate developers and constructors. As of December 
31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the Group’s exposure to the construction and real estate sectors (excluding the 
mortgage portfolio) in Spain was equivalent to €9,476 million and €9,549 million, respectively, of which €2,105 
million and €1,861 million, respectively, corresponded to loans for construction and development activities in 
Spain (representing 1.2 per cent. and 1.1 per cent., respectively, of the Group’s loans and advances to customers 
in Spain (excluding the public sector) and 0.3 per cent. of the Group’s consolidated assets as of each December 
31, 2023 and 2022). The total real estate exposure (excluding the mortgage portfolio), including developer credit 
and foreclosed assets had a coverage ratio of 28 per cent. and 34 per cent. in Spain, as of December 31, 2023 and 
December 31, 2022, respectively.

--- Page 23 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
23 
 
 
The impact of an increase in default rates on the Group will depend on its magnitude, timing and pace, and could 
be significant. Furthermore, it is possible that the Group has incorrectly assessed the creditworthiness or 
willingness to pay of its counterparties, that it has underestimated the credit risks and potential losses inherent in 
its credit exposure and that it has made insufficient provisions for such risks in a timely manner. The processes 
involved in making such assessments, which have a crucial impact on the Group’s results and financial condition, 
require difficult, subjective and complex calculations, including forecasts of the impact that macroeconomic 
conditions could have on these counterparties. In particular, the Group’s estimates of losses derived from its 
exposure to credit risk may prove to be inadequate or insufficient in the current environment of economic 
uncertainty, which could affect the adequacy of the provisions for insolvencies provided by the Group. An increase 
in non-performing or low-quality loans could significantly and adversely affect the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the gross amount of loans of the Group subject to refinancing 
and restructuring of the Group was €12,363 million and €15,120 million, respectively (which represents a 18 per 
cent. decrease between 2022 and 2023), mainly concentrated in Spain and Turkey, which represents 3.3 per cent. 
and 4.2 per cent., respectively,  of total loans and advances to customers net of loan loss provisions. These loans 
subject to refinancing and restructuring have an associated collateral value of €4,729 million and €5,192 million, 
respectively, and 62 per cent. and 54 per cent., respectively, of those loans were classified as impaired as of these 
respective dates. 
As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, assets from foreclosures and recoveries, net of impairment 
losses, amounted to €644 million and €714 million, respectively. 
The Group's business is particularly vulnerable to interest rates and is exposed to risks associated with the 
continuity of certain reference rates and the transition to alternative reference rates 
The Group’s results of operations are substantially dependent upon the level of its net interest income, which is 
the difference between interest income from interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing 
liabilities. Changes in market interest rates often affect the Group’s interest-earning assets differently from the 
Group’s interest-bearing liabilities. This, in turn, may lead to a reduction in the Group’s net interest margin, which 
could have a material adverse effect on its results. Moreover, changes in interest rates may affect the Group’s 
credit risk exposure. In Spain the net interest margin as of December 31, 2023 increased by 48.9 per cent.,as 
compared to the corresponding period for the previous year; in Mexico it has increased by 31.9 per cent. (19.5 per 
cent. at constant exchange rates); in Turkey it has decreased by 28.42 per cent. (an increase of 8.0 per cent. at 
constant exchange rates) and in South America it has increased by 6.2 per cent. (47.5 per cent. at constant exchange 
rates). 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group’s control, including fiscal and monetary 
policies of governments and central banks, regulation of the financial sector, domestic and international economic 
and political conditions and other factors. The Group's results of operations have been positively affected by the 
increases in interest rates adopted by central banks in recent years in an attempt to tame inflation, contributing to 
a rise in net interest income that exceeded the corresponding rise in funding costs. However, continued prevalence 
of high interest rates could adversely affect the Group by reducing the demand for credit, limiting its ability to 
generate credit for its clients and/or increasing the default rate of its counterparties (including borrowers). In 
particular, the repayment capacity of loans tied to variable interest rates is more sensitive to changes in interest 
rates. As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, 47.7 per cent. and 49.2 per cent., respectively, of the 
Group’s gross exposure of loans and advances to customers with maturity greater than one year had floating-
interest rates. See Note 7.3.1 of the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements where the interest rate sensitivity 
analysis is detailed. While interest rates have started to decline in certain regions, and the United States and the 
Eurozone may follow suit in 2024, monetary policies are expected to remain tight in the near term. Changes in 
interest rate policies may be implemented at a different pace across regions and it is possible that such policies 
could be accelerated or reversed based on various factors, such as inflation, economic growth or financial stability 
concerns among other considerations. 
With regard to the risk of variation in the market value of assets and liabilities, as of December 31, 2023, the 
average value at risk ("VaR") was €31 million. By type of market risk assumed by the Group's trading portfolio, 
the main such risk  for the Group continues to be linked to interest rates, representing 69 per cent. of the total at 
the end of 2023 (including spread risk) and increasing the relative weight compared to the end of 2022 (when this 
was 54 per cent.). Exchange risk represents a 10 per cent. of the total, a decrease compared to the end of the year 
2022 (when exchange risk was 22 per cent.), while variable income risk and volatility and correlation risk, also

--- Page 24 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
24 
 
 
increased, representing 20 per cent. at the end of the year 2023 (as compared to 11 per cent. at the end of the year 
2022). As of December 31, 2023, the VaR balance was €36 million (€41 million corresponding to interest and 
spread risk, €6 million to exchange rate risk, €4 million to equity risk, €8 million to volatility risk and €23 million 
of diversification effects). 
As a result of the foregoing, the evolution of interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group faces increasing competition and is exposed to a changing business model 
The markets in which the Group operates are highly competitive and it is expected that this trend will continue in 
the coming years with the increasing entry of non-bank competitors (some of which have large client portfolios 
and strong brand recognition) and the emergence of new business models. In recent years, the financial services 
sector has undergone a significant transformation driven by the development of mobile technologies, data-driven 
innovation and the entry of new players into activities previously controlled by financial institutions. Although 
the Group is making efforts to adapt to these changes, through its digital transformation, its competitive position 
is also affected by some regulatory asymmetries that benefit non-bank operators. For example, banking groups 
are subject to prudential regulations that have implications for most of their businesses, including those in which 
they compete with non-bank operators (such as FinTech or BigTech) that are subject only to regulations specific 
to the activity they develop or that benefit from loopholes in the regulatory environment. This means, for example, 
that when banking groups carry out financial activities through the use of new technologies, they are generally 
subject to additional internal governance rules that place such groups at a competitive disadvantage. 
Moreover, the widespread adoption of new technologies, including crypto currencies and alternative payment 
systems that do not use the banking system, could erode the Group's business or require the Group to make 
substantial investments to modify or adapt existing products and services including its mobile and internet banking 
capabilities. Likewise, the increasing use of these new technologies and mobile banking platforms could have an 
adverse impact on the Group's investments in facilities, equipment and employees of the branch network. A faster 
pace of transformation towards mobile and online banking models could require changes in the Group's 
commercial banking strategy, including the closure or sale of certain branches and the restructuring of others, and 
a significant reduction in employees. These changes could result in sizeable expenses as the Group reconfigures 
and transforms its commercial network. In addition, the trend towards the consolidation in the banking industry 
has created larger banks with which the Group must compete. Any failure by the Group to adapt to its competitive 
environment or failure to implement any necessary changes to its business model efficiently or on a timely basis 
could have a material adverse impact on the Group's competitive position or otherwise have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations (see Note 24 of the 2023 Consolidated 
Financial Statements). 
The future success of the Group depends, it’s an part, on it’s ability to use technology to provide suitable products 
and services for customers. While the Group has focused on developing its technological capabilities in recent 
years and is committed to digitisation, its ability to compete successfully is likely to be adversely affected by, on 
the one hand, the existing uneven playing field between banks and non-bank players, and on the other hand, the 
increasing relevance of access to digital data and interactions for customer relationship management, which places 
digital platforms at an advantage. Digital platforms (such as those maintained by large technology or social media 
companies and FinTechs) increasingly dominate access to data and control over digital interactions, and are 
already eroding the Group's results in highly relevant markets such as payments. These platforms can leverage 
their advantage in access to data to compete with the Group in other markets and could reduce the Group's 
operations and margins in its core businesses such as lending or wealth management. Some of the Group's 
competitors have created alliances with BigTech that may affect the Group’s ability to compete successfully and 
could adversely affect the Group. In the event that the Group is not successful in addressing increasing 
competition, its business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
The Group faces risks derived from its international geographic diversification and its significant presence in 
emerging countries, which exposes it to heightened political risks 
The Group is made up of commercial banks, insurance companies and other financial services companies in 
various countries and its performance as a global business depends on its ability to manage its different businesses 
under various economic, social and political conditions, as well as different legal and regulatory requirements 
(including, among others, different supervisory regimes and different tax and legal regimes related to the 
repatriation of funds or the nationalisation or expropriation of assets).

--- Page 25 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
25 
 
 
In addition, the Group's international operations may expose it to risks and challenges to which its local 
competitors may not be exposed, such as currency risk (as of December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022 46.8 
per cent., and 44.6 per cent. of the assets, respectively, and 45.0 per cent. and 42.1 per cent. of the Group's 
liabilities, respectively, were denominated in currencies other than euro), the difficulty of managing or supervising 
a local entity from abroad, political risks (which could affect only foreign investors) or limitations on the 
distribution or repatriation of dividends, thus worsening its position compared to that of local competitors). 
In 2023, dividend income from its subsidiaries represented €3,381 million, which was approximately 30.7 per 
cent. of the gross margin of BBVA. This represented an increase of 1.0 per cent. compared to 2022. This was due 
in part to the Group's decision to follow a 'Multiple Point of Entry' strategy, in accordance with the framework for 
the resolution of financial entities designed by the Financial Stability Board ("FSB"), by which each of the Group’s 
subsidiaries are self-sufficient and each subsidiary is responsible for managing its own capital and liquidity. This 
means that the payment of dividends, distributions and advances by the Group’s subsidiaries to BBVA depends 
not only on the results of those subsidiaries, but also on the context of their operations and liquidity needs, and 
may be further limited by legal, regulatory and contractual restrictions. Furthermore, BBVA's right, as a 
shareholder, to participate in the distribution of assets resulting from the eventual liquidation or any reorganisation 
of its subsidiaries will be effectively subordinated to the rights of the creditors of those subsidiaries, including 
their commercial creditors. 
There can be no guarantee that the Group will be successful in developing and implementing policies and 
strategies in all of the countries in which it operates, some of which have experienced significant economic, 
political and social volatility in recent decades. In particular, the Group has a significant presence in several 
emerging countries, particularly in Mexico, where there is uncertainty relating to the June 2024 elections and the 
policies that could be adopted by a new government, and in Turkey (see "Risks relating to the political, economic 
and social conditions in Turkey"), and is therefore vulnerable to any deterioration in economic, social or political 
conditions in these countries. Further, the Group has significant operations in South America. In Argentina, the 
risk of economic and financial turbulence persists in a context of regulatory, economic and political uncertainty 
following the adjustments announced by the new government to correct the spiraling inflation and declines in the 
Argentine peso exchange rate. The significant exchange rate devaluation implemented in December 2023 and the 
recently-announced strong fiscal adjustment have further reinforced short-term inflationary pressures. In 
Colombia and Peru, climatic factors and greater social conflict could eventually have a negative impact on the 
economy. 
Emerging markets are generally affected by the conditions of other commercially or financially related markets 
and by the evolution of global financial markets in general (they may be affected, for example, by the evolution 
of GDP and interest rates in the United States and the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar), as well as by fluctuations 
in the prices of commodities. The risks associated with investing in emerging economies, in general, or in 
emerging markets where the Group operates, in particular, could trigger capital outflows from those economies 
and adversely affect such economies and therefore the Group. Moreover, emerging countries are more prone to 
experiencing significant changes in inflation and volatility in foreign exchange rates, which may have a material 
impact on the Group’s results of operations, assets (including RWAs) and liabilities. In Turkey, for example, 
inflation was 64.8 per cent. for the year ended December 2023 (according to the Turkish Statistical Institute , 
TUIK) and the Turkish lira depreciated 38.9 per cent. Against the euro as of December 31, 2023 compared to 
December 31, 2022. 
As of December 31, 2023, the estimated sensitivities of the Group’s result attributable to the owners of the parent 
company, taking into account the coverage against depreciations and appreciations of 1 per cent. of the average 
foreign exchange rate for the Mexican peso and Turkish lira was €26 million and €4 million, respectively. To the 
extent that hedging positions are periodically moderated, the sensitivity estimate attempts to reflect an average (or 
effective) sensitivity in the year against depreciations and appreciations. 
The Group's operations in emerging countries are also exposed to heightened political risks, such as changes in 
governmental policies, expropriation, nationalisation, interest rate limits, exchange controls, capital controls, 
government restrictions on dividends or bank fees and adverse tax policies. For example, the repatriation of 
dividends from BBVA's Venezuelan, Argentinian and Turkish subsidiaries is subject to certain restrictions and 
there is no assurance that further restrictions will not be imposed. Since BBVA's ability to pay dividends depends, 
in part, on the receipt of dividends from its subsidiaries, such restrictions may, in turn, affect BBVA's ability to 
pay dividends.

--- Page 26 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
26 
 
 
If the Group failed to adopt effective and timely policies and strategies in response to the risks and challenges it 
faces in each of the regions where it operates, particularly in emerging countries, the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
The Group is exposed to various risks in connection with climate change 
Climate change, which is resulting in an increase in the intensity and frequency of extreme weather events and 
environmental degradation, presents short, medium and long-term risks to the Group and its customers and 
counterparties, with the risks expected to increase over time. Risks posed by climate change may be classified 
into transition and physical risks.  
Transition Risks refer to changes in, among others, regulations, technologies and market preferences linked to the 
transition toward a less carbon-dependent economy, including the following: 
̵ 
Legal and regulatory Risks: Legal and regulatory changes relating to how banks are required to manage 
climate risk or otherwise affecting banking practices or disclosure of climate-related information may 
result in higher compliance, operational and credit risks and costs. Further, legal and regulatory changes 
may result in legal uncertainty and the existence of overlapping or conflicting regulatory or other 
requirements. The Group or its customers or counterparties may be unable to meet any new requirements 
on a timely basis or at all. Further, changes in law, including new product and service specifications, may 
result in the sudden devaluation of certain assets. Any of these risks may affect the Group and its 
customers and counterparties. In addition, in the case of banks, new regulation could include 
requirements related to lending, investing, capital and liquidity adequacy and operational resilience. The 
incorporation of climate risks in the existing prudential framework is still developing and may result in 
increased risk weighting of high-carbon-related assets. Moreover, there are significant risks and 
uncertainties inherent in the development of adequate climate change-related risk assessments and 
modelling capabilities and the collection of customer, third party and other data, which may result in the 
Group’s systems or frameworks (or those of its customers and counterparties, where applicable) being 
inadequate, inaccurate or susceptible to incorrect customer, third party or other data, any of which could 
adversely affect the Group’s disclosure and financial reporting. Further, increased regulation arising from 
climate change could result in increased litigation and regulatory investigations and actions. 
̵ 
Technological Risks: Certain of the Group’s customers and counterparties may be adversely affected by 
the progressive transition to a low-carbon economy and/or risks and costs associated with new low-
carbon technologies. If the Group’s customers and counterparties fail to adapt to the transition to a low-
carbon economy, or if the costs of doing so adversely affect their creditworthiness, this could adversely 
affect the Group’s relevant loan portfolios. 
̵ 
Market Risks: The Group and certain of the Group’s customers and counterparties may be adversely 
affected by changes in market preferences due to, among others, increasing climate change awareness. 
Further, the funding costs of businesses that are perceived to be more exposed to climate change could 
increase. Any of this could result in the reduced creditworthiness of such customers and counterparties, 
adversely affecting the Group’s relevant loan portfolios. The Group and its customers and counterparties 
could also be adversely affected by changes in prices resulting from shifts in demand or supply brought 
by climate change, including prices of energy and raw materials, or by their inability to foresee or hedge 
any such changes. 
̵ 
Reputational Risks: The perception of climate change as a risk by society, shareholders, customers, 
governments and other stakeholders continues to increase, including in relation to the financial sector’s 
activities. This may result in increased scrutiny of the Group’s activities, as well as its climate change-
related policies, goals and disclosure. The Group’s reputation and ability to attract or retain customers 
may be harmed if its efforts to reduce environmental and social risks are deemed to be insufficient or if 
a perception is generated among the different stakeholders that the Group's statements, actions or 
disclosure do not fairly reflect the underlying sustainability profile of the Group, its products, services, 
goals and/or policies. The Group may elect not to undertake lending or investing activities that would 
otherwise have been profitable in order to avoid reputational harm. Further, divergent views on ESG 
policies may also have a negative impact on the Group’s reputation. Increased scrutiny of the Group’s 
activities, as well as its climate change-related policies, goals and disclosure may result in litigation and 
regulatory investigations and actions. The Group has disclosed certain aspirational climate-related goals 
and such goals, which are being pursued over the long-term, may prove to be considerably more costly

--- Page 27 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
27 
 
 
or difficult than currently expected, or even impossible, to achieve, including as a result of changes in 
environmental and energy regulation and policy, the pace of technological change and innovation and 
the actions of governments, the Group’s customers and competitors. 
The physical risk arising from climate change could result from increased frequency and/or severity of adverse 
weather events or the impact of climate change over the long term. The activities of the Group or those of its 
customers or counterparties could be adversely affected by the physical risks arising from climate change. For 
example, extreme weather events may damage or destroy the properties and other assets of the Group or those of 
its customers or counterparties, result in increased costs, or otherwise disrupt their respective operations (for 
example, if supply chains are disrupted as a result), diminishing –in the case of the Group’s customers or 
counterparties - their repayment capacity and, if applicable, the value of assets pledged as collateral to the Group. 
The Group is also exposed to potential long-term risks arising from climate change, such as increases in credit-
related costs due to deteriorating macroeconomic conditions, which may be caused in part by an increase in 
infectious diseases or other ailments resulting from climate change. The Group could also be adversely affected 
by declines in asset values as a result of climate change or climate change-related risks, reduced availability of 
insurance and significant interruptions to business operations, and may be required to change its business models 
in response to the foregoing. 
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
The outbreak and spread of a pandemic and other large-scale public health events could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations 
Economic conditions in the countries in which the Group operates may be adversely affected by an outbreak of a 
contagious disease, such as COVID-19 (coronavirus), which develops into a regional or global pandemic and 
other large scale public health events. The measures that may be taken by governments, regulators and businesses 
to respond to any such pandemic or event may lead to slower or negative economic growth, supply disruptions, 
inflationary pressures and significant increases in public debt, and may also adversely affect the Group’s 
counterparties (including borrowers), which may lead to increased loan losses. Such measures could also impact 
the business and operations of third parties that provide critical services to the Group. 
During the outbreak of COVID-19, the Group experienced a decline in activity, including as a result of branch 
closures and remote working requirements, and was affected by a number of regulatory measures, such as 
variations in reference interest rates, the modification of prudential requirements, the temporary suspension of 
dividend payments, the introduction of payment deferral and public guarantee schemes, and changes in the 
financial assets purchase programmes implemented by the ECB. 
If there were an outbreak of a new pandemic or another large-scale public health event occurs in the future, the 
Group may experience an adverse impact, which may be material, on its business, financial condition and results 
of operations, including as a result of the exacerbation of any of the other risks disclosed in this "Risk Factors" 
section. 
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
The Group faces risks related to its acquisitions and divestitures 
The Group has acquired and sold several companies and businesses over the past few years. On May 9, 2024, 
BBVA launched a voluntary takeover offer ("VTO") for the entire share capital of Banco de Sabadell, S.A. (see 
"Description of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. – Recent Developments"). On November 15, 2021, BBVA 
announced its decision to launch a VTO for the entire portion of the share capital of Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş. 
(Garanti BBVA) which was not already owned by BBVA. On May 18, 2022, BBVA announced the end of the 
offer acceptance period and the acquisition of an additional 36.12 per cent. (taking its total shareholding following 
the VTO to 85.97 per cent.). Other recent transactions are the sale of BBVA USA Bancshares Inc. and other Group 
companies in the United States and the sale of BBVA Paraguay (see Note 3 of the 2023 Consolidated Financial 
Statements). 
The Group may not complete any ongoing or future transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis or 
at all and, if completed, they may not have the expected results. In addition, if completed, the Group’s results of

--- Page 28 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
28 
 
 
operations could be adversely affected by divestiture or acquisition-related charges and contingencies. The Group 
may be subject to litigation in connection with, or as a result of, divestitures or acquisitions, including claims from 
terminated employees, customers or third parties. In the case of an acquisition, the Group may be liable for 
potential or existing litigation and claims related to an acquired business, including because either the Group is 
not indemnified for such claims or the indemnification is insufficient. Further, in the case of a divestiture, the 
Group may be required to indemnify the buyer in respect of similar or other matters, including claims against the 
divested entity or business. 
In the case of an acquisition, even though the Group reviews the companies it plans to acquire, it is often not 
possible for these reviews to be complete in all respects and there may be risks associated with unforeseen events 
or liabilities relating to the acquired assets or businesses that may not have been revealed or properly assessed 
during the due diligence processes, resulting in the Group assuming unforeseen liabilities or an acquisition not 
performing as expected. In addition, acquisitions are inherently risky because of the difficulties that may arise in 
integrating people, operations and technologies. There can be no assurance that any of the businesses the Group 
acquires can be successfully integrated or that they will perform well once integrated. 
Acquisitions may also lead to potential write-downs that adversely affect the Group’s results of operations. Any 
of the foregoing may cause the Group to incur significant unexpected expenses, may divert significant resources 
and management attention from the Group’s other business concerns, or may otherwise have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
3. 
Financial Risks 
3.1 
The Group has a continuous demand for liquidity to finance its activities and the withdrawal of deposits or 
other sources of liquidity could significantly affect it 
Traditionally, one of the Group's main sources of financing has been savings accounts and demand deposits. As 
of March 31, 2024, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the balance of customer deposits represented 75 
per cent., 74 per cent. and 75 per cent., respectively, of the Group's total financial liabilities at amortised cost. 
However, the volume of wholesale and retail deposits can fluctuate significantly, including as a result of factors 
beyond the Group's control, such as general economic conditions, changes in economic policy or administrative 
decisions that diminish their attractiveness as savings instruments (for example, as a consequence of changes in 
taxation, coverage by guarantee funds for deposits or expropriations) or competition from other savings or 
investment instruments (including deposits from other banks). Since 2022, competition for deposits has increased 
in various of the regions where the Group operates as interest rates have increased. The vast majority of the 
Group’s deposits are demand deposits, which may be freely withdrawn by depositors at any time. 
Changes in interest rates and credit spreads may significantly affect the cost of the Group’s short and long-term 
wholesale financing. Changes in credit spreads are driven by market factors and are also influenced by the 
market’s perception of the Group's solvency. As of March 31, 2024, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, 
debt securities issued by the Group represented 12.6 per cent., 12.3 per cent. and 10.5 per cent., respectively, of 
the total financial liabilities at amortised cost of the Group. 
In addition, the Group has made significant use of public sources of liquidity, such as the ECB's extraordinary 
measures taken in response to the financial crisis since 2008 or those taken in connection with the crisis caused 
by the COVID-19 pandemic. In its monetary policy decision of October 27, 2022, the ECB decided to adjust the 
interest rates applicable to its Targeted Longer-Term Refinancing Operations III (TLTRO III) from November 
23, 2022 and offer credit institutions additional voluntary early repayment dates for these operations. The 
repayment of the TLTRO III program was initiated in December 2022 (for an approximate amount of €35,000 
million since then) and the outstanding balance of amounts drawn under the TLTRO III facilities totaled €3,660 
million as of December 31, 2023. As of March 31 2024,  the repayment of the TLTRO III program had been 
completed and there were no further amounts drawn under the TLTRO III facilities. The conditions of this or 
other ECB programs could be revised or they could be cancelled at any time. 
As of December 31, 2023, the Loan-to-Stable Customer Deposits ratio ("LtSCD") in the Group is 99 per cent. 
This ratio measures the relationship between net lending (which includes loans and advances to customers 
included in the following line items in the consolidated balance sheet: "Financial assets held for trading", "Non-
trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss", "Financial assets designated at fair value 
through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at amortized cost", net of loss allowances) and stable customer funds

--- Page 29 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
29 
 
 
(comprising the financing obtained and managed by the Liquidity Management Units (LMUs) among their target 
customers – see Note 7.5.1 to the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements). 
In the event of a withdrawal of deposits or other sources of liquidity, especially if it is sudden or unexpected, the 
Group may not be able to finance its financial obligations or meet the minimum liquidity requirements that apply 
to it, and may be forced to incur higher financial costs, liquidate assets and take additional measures to reduce 
leverage. Furthermore, the Group could be subject to the adoption of early intervention measures or, ultimately, 
to the adoption of a resolution measure by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority (as defined below). Any of 
the above could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
3.2 
The Group depends on its credit ratings and sovereign credit ratings, especially Spain's and Mexico’s credit 
ratings 
Rating agencies periodically review the Group's debt credit ratings. Any reduction, effective or anticipated, in any 
such ratings of the Group, whether below investment grade or otherwise, could limit or impair the Group's access 
to capital markets and other possible sources of liquidity and increase the Group's financing cost, and entail the 
breach or early termination of certain contracts or give rise to additional obligations under those contracts, such 
as the need to grant additional guarantees. The Group estimates that if, on December 31, 2023, rating agencies 
had downgraded BBVA's long-term senior debt rating by one notch, it would have had to provide additional 
guarantees/ collateral amounting to €72.4 million under its derivative and other financial contracts. A hypothetical 
two-notch downgrade would have involved an outlay of €88.2 million in additional guarantees/collateral. 
Furthermore, if the Group were required to cancel its derivative contracts with some of its counterparties and were 
unable to replace them, its market risk would worsen. Likewise, a reduction in the credit rating could affect the 
Group's ability to sell or market some of its products or to participate in certain transactions, and could lead to the 
loss of customer deposits and make third parties less willing to carry out commercial transactions with the Group 
(especially those that require a minimum credit rating), having a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, the Group's credit ratings could be affected by variations in sovereign credit ratings, particularly the 
rating of Spanish and Mexican sovereign debt. The Group holds a significant portfolio of debt issued by Spain, 
Spanish autonomous communities, Mexico and other Spanish and Mexican issuers. As of December 31, 2023 and 
December 31, 2022, the Group's exposure (EBA criteria) to Spain's public debt portfolio was €46,978 million and 
€39,485 million, respectively, representing 6.1 per cent. and 5.5 per cent.of the consolidated total assets of the 
Group, respectively.As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the Group's exposure (EBA criteria) to 
the Mexico’s public debt portfolio was €38,583 million and €33,726 million respectively, representing 5.0 per 
cent. and 4.7 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Group respectively. Any decrease in the credit rating 
of the Kingdom of Spain or Mexico could adversely affect the valuation of the respective debt portfolios held by 
the Group and lead to a reduction in the Group's credit ratings. Additionally, counterparties to many of the credit 
agreements signed with the Group could also be affected by a decrease in the credit rating of these countries, 
which could limit their ability to attract additional resources or otherwise affect their ability to pay their 
outstanding obligations to the Group.  
It is possible that current or future economic and geopolitical conditions or other factors could lead to ratings 
actions and changes to BBVA’s credit ratings, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
3.3 
The Group’s earnings and financial condition have been, and its future earnings and financial condition 
may continue to be, materially affected by asset impairment 
Regulatory, business, economic or political changes and other factors could lead to asset impairment. In recent 
years, severe market events such as the past sovereign debt crisis, rising risk premiums and falls in share market 
prices, have resulted in the Group recording large write-downs on its credit market exposures. Doubts regarding 
the asset quality of European banks has also affected their evolution in the market in recent years. 
Several ongoing factors could depress the valuation of the Group’s assets or otherwise lead to the impairment of 
such assets (including goodwill and deferred tax assets). These include a deteriorating macroeconomic 
environment, the armed conflict in the Middle East and the recent disruptions to maritime trade routes in the Red 
Sea, the war in Ukraine, the surge of populist trends in several countries, increased trade and geopolitical tensions 
and the consequences of Brexit, any of which could increase global financial volatility and lead to the reallocation

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
30 
 
 
of assets. In addition, there is risk of a sharp growth slowdown in China, which could lead to lower GDP expansion 
in many regions. Any asset impairments resulting from these or other factors could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
4. 
Legal, Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks 
4.1 
Legal Risks 
The Group is party to a number of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings 
The financial sector faces an environment of increasing regulatory and litigation pressure. The Group is party to 
government procedures and investigations, such as those carried out by the antitrust authorities which, among 
other things, have in the past and could in the future result in sanctions, as well as lead to claims by customers and 
others. 
The various Group entities are also frequently party to individual or collective judicial proceedings (including 
class actions) resulting from their activity and operations, as well as arbitration proceedings. For example, in April 
2017, the Mexican Federal Economic Competition Commission (Comisión Federal de Competencia Económica) 
launched an antitrust investigation relating to alleged monopolistic practices of certain financial institutions, 
including BBVA’s subsidiary BBVA Mexico, in connection with transactions in Mexican government bonds. 
This investigation concluded with the Commission imposing fines on all financial institutions involved, with a 
fine insignificant in amount being imposed on BBVA Mexico, which BBVA Mexico has challenged. In March 
2018, BBVA Mexico and certain other affiliates of the Group were named as defendants in a putative class action 
lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleging that the defendant 
banks and their named subsidiaries engaged in collusion with respect to the purchase and sale of Mexican 
government bonds. In December 2019, following a decision from the judge assigned to hear the proceedings, the 
plaintiffs withdrew their claims against BBVA Mexico’s affiliates. In November 2020, the judge granted the 
remaining defendants’ motion to dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction. The plaintiffs filed a motion for 
reconsideration of that decision in May 2021, which the judge denied in March 2022. Final judgment dismissing 
the plaintiffs’ claims was awarded in August 2022. In September 2022, the plaintiffs appealed the district court’s 
decisions to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. On 9th February, 2024, the United States 
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit vacated the district court’s decisions and the case was remanded for 
further proceedings. 
More generally, in recent years, regulators have increased their supervisory focus on consumer protection and 
corporate behaviour, which has resulted in an increased number of regulatory actions. 
In Spain and in other jurisdictions where the Group operates, legal and regulatory actions and proceedings against 
financial institutions, prompted in part by certain national and supranational rulings in favour of consumers (with 
regards to matters such as credit cards and mortgage loans), have increased significantly in recent years and this 
trend could continue in the future. Legal and regulatory actions and proceedings faced by other financial 
institutions, in relation to these and other matters, especially if such actions or proceedings result in favourable 
resolutions for the consumer, could also adversely affect the Group. 
All of the above may result in a significant increase in operating and compliance costs and/ or a reduction in 
revenues, and it is possible that an adverse outcome in any proceedings (depending on the amount thereof, the 
penalties imposed or the resulting procedural or management costs for the Group) could materially and adversely 
affect the Group, including by damaging its reputation. 
It is difficult to predict the outcome of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings, both those to which the Group 
is currently exposed and those that may arise in the future, including actions and proceedings relating to former 
Group subsidiaries or in respect of which the Group may have indemnification obligations. Any of such outcomes 
could be adverse to the Group. In addition, a decision in any matter, whether against the Group or against another 
credit entity facing similar claims as those faced by the Group, could give rise to other claims against the Group. 
In addition, these actions and proceedings draw resources away from the Group and may require significant 
attention on the part of the Group's management and employees. 
As of March 31, 2024, December 31, 2023, the Group had €789 million and €696 million, respectively (€685 
million as of December 31, 2022) in provisions for the proceedings it is facing (which are included in the line 
item "Provisions for taxes and other legal contingencies" in the consolidated balance sheet) of which €539 million

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
31 
 
 
and €524 million as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively corresponded to legal 
contingencies and €158 million and €161 million as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, repectively, 
corresponded to tax related contingencies. However, the uncertainty arising from these proceedings (including 
those for which no provisions have been made, either because it is not possible to estimate any such provisions or 
for other reasons) makes it impossible to guarantee that the possible losses arising from such proceedings will not 
exceed, where applicable, the amounts that the Group currently has provisioned and, therefore, could affect the 
Group's consolidated results. 
As a result of the above, legal and regulatory actions and proceedings currently faced by the Group or to which it 
may become subject in the future or which may otherwise affect the Group, whether individually or in the 
aggregate, if resolved in whole or in part adversely to the Group's interests, could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Spanish judicial authorities are carrying out a criminal investigation relating to possible bribery, 
revelation of secrets and corruption by BBVA 
Spanish judicial authorities are investigating the activities of Centro Exclusivo de Negocios y Transacciones, S.L. 
("Cenyt"). Such investigation includes the provision of services by Cenyt to BBVA. On July 29, 2019, BBVA 
was named as an investigated party (investigado) in a criminal judicial investigation (Preliminary Proceeding No. 
96/2017 – Piece No. 9, Central Investigating Court No. 6 of the National High Court) for alleged facts which 
could constitute bribery, revelation of secrets and corruption. Certain current and former officers and employees 
of the Group, as well as former directors, have also been named as investigated parties in connection with this 
investigation. Since the beginning of this investigation, BBVA has been proactively collaborating with the Spanish 
judicial authorities, including sharing with the courts information obtained in the internal investigation hired by 
the entity in 2019 to contribute to the clarification of the facts.  
By order of the Criminal Chamber of the National High Court, the pre-trial phase ended on January 29, 2024. The 
Prosecution (Ministerio Fiscal) has requested the presiding Judge to direct the proceedings against BBVA and 
certain current and former officers and employees of BBVA, as well as certain former directors, without any 
judicial decision having been made at this time in response to such request nor any formal accusation against 
BBVA and such directors, officers and employees been made. It is not possible at this time to predict the possible 
outcomes or implications for the Group of this matter, including any fines, damages or harm to the Group’s 
reputation caused thereby. 
4.2 
Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks 
The financial services sector is one of the most regulated sectors in the world. The Group is subject to a broad 
regulatory and supervisory framework, which has increased significantly in the last decade. Regulatory activity 
in recent years has affected multiple areas, including changes in accounting standards; strict regulation of capital, 
liquidity and remuneration; bank charges and taxes on financial transactions; regulations affecting mortgages, 
banking products and consumers and users; recovery and resolution measures; stress tests; prevention of money 
laundering and terrorist financing; market abuse; conduct in the financial markets; anti-corruption; and 
requirements as to the periodic publication of information. Governments, regulatory authorities and other 
institutions continually make proposals to strengthen the resistance of financial institutions to future crises. 
Further, there is an increasing focus on the climate-related financial risk management capabilities of banks. 
Furthermore, the international nature of the Group's operations means that the Group is subject to a wide and 
complex range of local and international regulations in these matters, sometimes with overlapping scopes and 
areas regulated. This complexity, which can be exacerbated by differences and changes in the interpretation or 
application of these standards by local authorities, makes compliance risk management difficult and costly, 
requiring highly sophisticated monitoring, qualified personnel and general training of employees. 
Any change in the Group's business that is necessary to comply with any particular regulations at any given time, 
especially in Spain, Mexico or Turkey, could lead to a considerable loss of income, limit the Group's ability to 
identify business opportunities, affect the valuation of its assets, force the Group to increase its prices and, 
therefore, reduce the demand for its products, impose additional costs on the Group or otherwise adversely affect 
its business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
32 
 
 
The Group is subject to a comprehensive regulatory and supervisory framework, including resolution 
regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations 
The Group is subject to a comprehensive regulatory and supervisory framework, the complexity and scope of 
which has increased significantly following the 2008 financial crisis and the crisis caused by the COVID-19 
pandemic. In particular, the banking sector is subject to continuous scrutiny at the political level and by the 
supervisory bodies, and it is foreseeable that in the future there will continue to be political intervention in 
regulatory and supervisory processes, as well as in the governance of the main financial entities. For these reasons, 
the laws, regulations and policies to which the Group is subject, as well as their interpretation and application, 
may change at any time. In addition, supervisors and regulators have significant discretion in carrying out their 
duties, which gives rise to uncertainty regarding the interpretation and implementation of the regulatory 
framework. Moreover, regulatory fragmentation and the implementation by some countries of more flexible or 
stricter rules or regulations could also negatively affect the Group's ability to compete with financial institutions 
that may or may not have to comply with any such rules or regulations, as applicable. 
During the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group was affected by the measures or recommendations adopted by 
regulatory authorities in the banking sector, such as variations in reference interest rates, the modification of 
prudential requirements, the temporary suspension of dividend payments, changes to the terms of payment 
deferrals and the granting of guarantees or public guarantees for credit granted to companies and self employed 
persons, as well as changes in the financial assets purchase programmes implemented by the ECB. 
Regulatory changes over the last decade, as well as those currently being proposed (including changes in the 
interpretation or application of existing regulations), have increased and may continue to substantially increase 
the Group's operating expenses and adversely affect its business model. For example, the imposition of prudential 
capital standards has limited and is expected to continue to limit the ability of subsidiaries to distribute capital to 
BBVA, while liquidity standards may lead the Group to hold a higher proportion of financial instruments with 
higher liquidity and lower performance, which can adversely affect its net interest margin. In addition, the Group's 
regulatory and supervisory authorities may also require the Group to increase its loan loss allowances and record 
asset impairments, which could have an adverse effect on its financial condition. 
Any legislative or regulatory measure, any necessary change in the Group's business operations, as a consequence 
of such measures, as well as any failure to comply with them, could result in a significant loss of income, represent 
a limitation on the ability of the Group to take advantage of business opportunities and offer certain products and 
services, affect the value of the Group's assets, force the Group to increase prices (which could reduce the demand 
for its products), impose additional compliance costs or result in other possible adverse effects for the Group. 
One of the most significant regulatory changes resulting from the 2008 financial crisis, was the introduction of 
resolution regulations (see "Risks related to early intervention and resolution"). In the event that the Relevant 
Spanish Resolution Authority considers that the Group is in a situation where conditions for early intervention or 
resolution are met, it may adopt the measures provided for in the applicable resolution regulations, including 
without prior notice. Such measures could include, among others, the write down and/or conversion into equity 
(or other securities or obligations) of the Group's unsecured debt. Likewise, the Relevant Spanish Resolution 
Authority may apply Non-Viability Loss Absorption (see "Risks related to early intervention and resolution") in 
the event that it determines that the entity meets the conditions for its resolution or that it will be no longer viable 
unless capital instruments are written down or converted into equity or extraordinary public support is provided. 
Any such determination or the mere possibility that such determination could be made, could materially and 
adversely affect the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as the market price 
and behaviour of certain securities issued by the Group (including the Securities) (or their terms, if amended 
following any exercise of the Spanish Bail-In Power (as defined in "Risks related to early intervention and 
resolution")). 
In addition, on April 18, 2023, the European Commission adopted a legislative package proposal to adjust and 
strengthen the European Union's existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance framework (the "CMDI 
Proposal"). The package implies the review of the BRRD and SRM Regulation (each, as defined below) 
frameworks as well as a separate legislative proposal to amend Directive 2014/49/EU, of 16 April, on deposit 
guarantee schemes ("Directive 2014/49"), all with the aim of preserving financial stability, protecting taxpayers' 
money and providing better protection for depositors (including new rules that foresee that all deposits relative to 
ordinary unsecured claims are preferred). On 20 March 2024, the Economic and Monetary Affairs Committee of

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
33 
 
 
the European Parliament voted in favour of a compromise on amendments to the CMDI Proposal. On 24 April 
2024, the European Parliament voted in plenary to adopt three legislative texts on CMDI Proposal framework as 
its position for upcoming legislative negotiations with the European Council having yet to adopt its own position. 
Therefore, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there is uncertainty with regard to the CMDI Proposal and when 
it will be finally implemented in the European Union.  
Increasingly onerous capital and liquidity requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition and results of operations  
The Group is subject to various minimum capital, liquidity and funding requirements, among others. For example, 
in its capacity as a Spanish credit institution, the Group is subject to compliance with a "Pillar 1" solvency 
requirement, a "Pillar 2" solvency requirement and a "combined buffer requirement", at both the individual and 
consolidated levels. 
As a result of the most recent supervisory review and evaluation process ("SREP") carried out by the ECB, BBVA 
must maintain, at a consolidated level, as of January 1, 2024, a common equity tier 1 ("CET1") ratio of 9.10 per 
cent. and a total capital ratio of 13.26 per cent. 
The consolidated overall capital requirement includes: (i) the "Pillar 1" minimum capital requirement of 8.0 per 
cent.; (ii) the "Pillar 2" minimum capital requirement of Pillar 2 of 1.68 per cent. (of which at least 1.02 per cent. 
must be met with CET1), of which 0.18 per cent. is determined on the basis of the ECB’s prudential provisioning 
expectations, and must be satisfied by CET1; (iii) the capital conservation buffer (2.50 per cent. of CET1 capital); 
(iv) the capital buffer for Other Systemically Important Institutions (O-SIIs) (1.0 per cent. of CET1); and (v) the 
capital buffer for Countercyclical Risk (0.08 per cent. of CET1). Likewise, BBVA must maintain, at an individual 
level, a CET1 ratio of 7.95 per cent. and a total capital ratio of 12.11 per cent. These ratios include a Pillar 2 
requirement at the individual level of 1.5 per cent., of which at least 0.84 per cent. shall be met with CET1. These 
figures also include the 0.10 per cent. counter-cyclical buffer applicable to BBVA at an individual level.  
As of March 31, 2024, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the Group’s phased-in total capital ratio was 
16.66 per cent.,16.58 per cent. and 15.98 per cent., respectively on a consolidated basis and 17.14 per cent., 17.38 
per cent. and 16.94 per cent., respectively on an individual basis, and its CET1 phased-in capital ratio was 12.82 
per cent., 12.67 per cent. and 12.68 per cent., respectively on a consolidated basis and 12.34 per cent., 12.22 per 
cent. and 12.77 per cent., respectively on an individual basis, and the Group’s fully loaded total capital ratio was 
16.66 per cent., 16.58 per cent. and 15.94 per cent., respectively on a consolidated basis and 17.14 per cent., 17.38 
per cent. and 16.95 per cent., respectively on an individual basis, while the Group's fully loaded CET1 ratio was 
12.82 per cent., 12.67 per cent. and 12.61 per cent., respectively on a consolidated basis and 12.34 per cent.,12.22 
per cent. and 12.74 per cent., respectively on an individual basis. 
Such ratios exceed the applicable regulatory requirements described above, but there can be no assurance that the 
total capital requirements imposed on BBVA and/or the Group from time to time may not be higher than the levels 
of capital available at such point in time. There can also be no assurance as to the result of any future SREP carried 
out by the ECB and whether this will impose any further additional "Pillar 2" own funds requirements on BBVA 
and/or the Group. 
Additionally, BBVA, as a Spanish credit institution, must maintain a minimum level of own funds and eligible 
liabilities (the "MREL requirement" and the own funds and eligible liabilities satisfying the MREL requirement, 
"MREL"). On March 27, 2024, BBVA announced that it had received a communication from the Bank of Spain 
regarding its MREL requirement, established by the Single Resolution Board ("SRB"), repealing and superseding 
the previous MREL requirement communicated in June 2023.  
In accordance with MREL new communication, BBVA must maintain, from March 27, 2024, an amount of MREL 
equal to 22.79 per cent. of the total RWAs of its resolution group1, on a sub-consolidated level (the "MREL in 
RWAs") (compared to the MREL in RWAs requirement of 22.11 per cent. which was applicable from January 1, 
2024 taking into account the financial and supervisory information as of June 14, 2023). Within this MREL in 
RWAs, an amount equal to 13.50 per cent. of the total RWAs of the BBVA’s resolution group  must be met with 
subordinated instruments (the "subordination requirement in RWAs") (the same as the subordination 
 
1 Pursuant to BBVA Group’s MPE (Multiple Point of Entry) resolution Strategy, as established by the SRB, the resolution group consists of Banco Bilbao 
Vizcaya Argentina S.A. and the subsidiaries that belong to the same European resolution group. As of 31st December, 2023 the RWAs of the resolution 
group amounted to €214,757 million and the total exposure considered for calculating the leverage ratio amounted to €517,470 million.

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
34 
 
 
requirement in RWAs which was applicable from January 1, 2024). The MREL in RWAs and the subordination 
requirement in RWAs do not include the combined buffer requirement which, according to applicable regulations 
and supervisory criteria, is 3.62 per cent. as of March 27, 2024.  
As of the date of this Offering Circular, no MREL Pillar 2 requirement has been imposed on BBVA. Given the 
own funds and eligible liabilities structure of BBVA’s resolution group as of 31st December, 2023, the own funds 
and eligible liabilities stood at 26.36 per cent. of the RWAs of its resolution group, at the sub-consolidated level, 
complying with the aforementioned MREL in RWAs requirement, and the amount of subordinated instruments 
was equal to 21.84 per cent. of the RWAs of its resolution group, at the sub-consolidated level, complying with 
the subordination requirement in RWAs. 
In addition, as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the MREL of BBVA in terms of the total exposure 
considered for calculating the leverage ratio stood at 11.52 per cent. and 10.94 per cent., respectively, and the 
amount of subordination instruments in terms of the total exposure considered for calculating the leverage ratio 
stood at 9.10 per cent. and 9.06 per cent., respectively, complying with the MREL in LR and the subordination 
requirement in LR, respectively. 
While the Group believes that it meets its current requirements (as applicable to BBVA and the Group as a whole, 
respectively), the capital requirements, the MREL requirement and the calculation of the own funds and the 
eligible liabilities available for MREL purposes are subject to interpretation and change and, therefore, no 
assurance can be given that the Group's interpretation is the appropriate one or that BBVA and/or the Group will 
not be subject to more stringent requirements at any future time. Likewise, no assurance can be given that BBVA 
and/or the Group will be able to fulfil whatever future requirements may be imposed, even if such requirements 
were to be equal or lower than those currently in force, or that BBVA and/or the Group will be able to comply 
with any capital target that may have been announced to the market. Any such failure could be adversely perceived 
by investors and/or supervisors, who could interpret that a lack of capital-generating capacity for BBVA and/or 
the Group exists or that the capital structure has deteriorated, either of which could adversely affect the market 
value or behaviour of securities issued by BBVA and/or the Group (and, in particular, of the Securities and any 
of its other capital instruments and eligible liabilities). Further, BBVA and/or the Group may report amounts 
different from consensus estimates, which may also affect market perceptions of BBVA and the Group. 
If BBVA or the Group failed to comply with its "combined buffer requirement", it would have to calculate the 
Maximum Distributable Amount ("MDA") and, until such calculation has been undertaken and reported to the 
Bank of Spain, BBVA would not be able to make any (i) distributions relating to CET1 capital; (ii) payments 
related to variable remuneration or discretionary pension benefits; and (iii) distributions linked to additional Tier 
1 ("AT1") instruments (collectively "discretionary payments"). Once the MDA has been calculated and reported, 
such discretionary payments would be limited to the calculated MDA. Likewise, should BBVA or the Group not 
meet the applicable combined buffer requirement, it could result in the imposition of additional requirements of 
"Pillar 2". Regarding MREL, failure by BBVA to meet its respective "combined buffer requirement" for these 
purposes, taken together with its MREL requirements (the "MREL-MDA") could result in the imposition of 
restrictions or prohibitions on discretionary payments. Additionally, failure to comply with the capital 
requirements may result in the implementation of early intervention measures or, ultimately, resolution measures 
by the resolution authorities. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of May 20, 2019 (as amended, replaced 
or supplemented at any time, "CRR II") establishes a binding requirement for the leverage ratio effective from 
June 28, 2021 of 3 per cent. of Tier 1 capital (as of March 31, 2024, December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022 
the phased-in leverage ratio of the Group was 6.48 per cent., 6.54 per cent. and 6.49 per cent., respectively and 
fully loaded it was 6.48 per cent., 6.54 per cent. and 6.46 per cent., respectively). Any failure to comply with this 
leverage ratio buffer may also result in the need to calculate and report the MDA, and restrictions on discretionary 
payments. Moreover, CRR II proposes new requirements that capital instruments must meet in order to be 
considered AT1 or Tier 2 instruments. Once the grandfathering period in CRR II has elapsed, AT1 and/or Tier 2 
instruments which do not comply with the new requirements at such date will no longer be considered as capital 
instruments. This could give rise to shortfalls in BBVA’s or the Group’s regulatory capital and, ultimately, could 
result in failure to comply with the applicable minimum regulatory capital requirements, with the aforementioned 
consequences. 
Additionally, the implementation of the ECB's expectations regarding prudential provisions for NPLs (published 
on May 15, 2018) and the ECB's review of internal models being used by banks subject to its supervision for the 
calculation of their RWAs ("TRIMs"), as well as complementary regulatory initiatives like the EBA's roadmap

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
35 
 
 
to repair internal models used to calculate own funds requirements for credit risk under the Internal Ratings Based 
("IRB") approach, could result in the need to increase provisions for future NPLs and increases in the Group's 
capital needs. 
Furthermore, the implementation of the Basel III reforms (including changes to the calculation of the Group's 
Operational Risk) could result in an increase of BBVA's and the Group's total RWAs and, therefore, could also 
result in a decrease of BBVA's and the Group's capital ratios. Likewise, the lack of uniformity in the 
implementation of the Basel III reforms across jurisdictions in terms of timing and applicable regulations could 
give rise to inequalities and competition distortions. Moreover, the lack of regulatory coordination, with some 
countries bringing forward the application of Basel III requirements or increasing such requirements, could 
adversely affect an entity with global operations such as the Group and could affect its profitability. 
Additionally, should the Total Loss Absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") requirements currently only imposed upon 
financial institutions of global systemic importance ("G-SIBs"), be imposed on non-G-SIBs entities or should the 
Group once again be classified as a G-SIB, additional minimum requirements similar to MREL could in the future 
be imposed upon the Group. 
There can be no assurance that the above capital or MREL requirements will not adversely affect BBVA's or its 
subsidiaries' ability to make discretionary payments, or result in the cancellation of such payments (in whole or 
in part), or require BBVA or such subsidiaries to issue additional securities that qualify as eligible liabilities or 
regulatory capital, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, any of which may have 
adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, an increase in 
capital or MREL requirements could adversely affect the return on equity and other of the Group's financial results 
indicators. Moreover, the BBVA's or the Group's failure to comply with their capital or MREL requirements could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Lastly, the Group must also comply with liquidity and funding ratios. Several elements of the liquidity coverage 
ratio ("LCR") and net stable financing ratio ("NSFR"), as introduced by national banking regulators have required 
implementing changes in some of its commercial practices, which have exposed the Group to additional expenses 
(including an increase in compliance expenses) and affected the profitability of its activities and could result in a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. As of March 31, 
2024 December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the Group's LCR was 151 per cent., 149 per cent. and 159 per 
cent., respectively and its NSFR was 132 per  cent., 131 per cent. and 135 per cent., respectively. 
The Group is exposed to tax risks that may adversely affect it 
The size, geographic diversity and complexity of the Group and its commercial and financial relationships with 
both third parties and related parties result in the need to consider, evaluate and interpret a considerable number 
of tax laws and regulations, as well as any relevant interpretative materials, which in turn involve the use of 
estimates, the interpretation of indeterminate legal concepts and the determination of appropriate valuations in 
order to comply with the tax obligations of the Group. In particular, the preparation of the Group's tax returns and 
the process for establishing tax provisions involve the use of estimates and interpretations of tax laws and 
regulations, which are complex and subject to review by the tax authorities. Any error or discrepancy with tax 
authorities in any of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates may give rise to prolonged administrative or 
judicial proceedings that may have a material adverse effect on the Group's results of operations. 
In addition, governments in different jurisdictions, including Spain, have sought to identify new funding sources, 
and they have recently focused on the financial sector, including in response to the demands of various political 
forces. The Group’s presence in various jurisdictions increases its exposure to regulatory and interpretative 
changes, which may include (i) increases in the tax rates to which the Group is subject, such as the introduction 
in Spain of a minimum effective tax rate (18 per cent. of the tax base for credit institutions) since 2022 or EU 
Council Directive 2022/2523 of December 14, 2022, which introduces a global minimum effective rate of 
corporate taxation (15 per cent.) for multinational enterprises and large-scale domestic groups in the EU and that 
is pending to be transposed into Spanish regulation ("Pillar 2"), (ii) changes in the calculation of tax bases, and 
exemptions therefrom, such as the introduction of a limitation in Spain since 2021 to the exemption for dividends 
and capital gains from domestic and foreign subsidiaries to 95 per cent., which means that 5 per cent. of the 
dividends and capital gains of Group companies will be subject in Spain to, and not exempt from, corporate tax 
or, (iii) the creation of new taxes, like the common financial transaction tax ("FTT") in various jurisdictions or 
the creation of a temporary tax on extraordinary profits applicable to credit institutions operating in Spain 
amounting to 4.8 per cent. of net income from interest and commissions generated in Spain, which although

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
36 
 
 
initially was intended to apply to fiscal years 2023, with a disbursed amount of €215 million, and 2024, with an 
estimated amount of €285 million, only, on December 2023, it was extended indefinitely. 
Increases in the tax burden of the Group could materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to compliance risks 
The Group, due to its role in the economy and the nature of its activities, is singularly exposed to certain 
compliance risks. In particular, the Group must comply with regulations regarding customer conduct, market 
conduct, the prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorist activities, the protection of personal 
data, the restrictions established by national or international sanctions programs and anti-corruption laws 
(including the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the UK Bribery Act of 2010), the violations of which 
could lead to very significant penalties. These anti-corruption laws generally prohibit providing anything of value 
to government officials for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business or securing any improper business 
advantage. As part of the Group's business, the Group directly or indirectly, through third parties, deals with 
entities whose employees are considered to be government officials. The Group's activities are also subject to 
complex customer protection and market integrity regulations. 
Generally, these regulations require banking entities to among other measures, use due diligence measures to 
manage compliance risk. Sometimes banking entities must apply enhanced due diligence measures due to the very 
nature of their activities (among others, private banking, money transfer and foreign currency exchange 
operations), as they may present a higher risk of money laundering or terrorist financing. 
Although the Group has adopted policies, procedures, systems and other measures to manage compliance risk, it 
is dependent on its employees and external suppliers for the implementation of these policies, procedures, systems 
and other measures and it cannot guarantee that these are sufficient or that the employees (116,923, 121,486 and 
115,675 as of March 31, 2024, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively) or other persons of the 
Group or its business partners, agents and/or other third parties with a business or professional relationship with 
BBVA do not circumvent or violate regulations or the Group’s ethics and compliance regulations, acts for which 
such persons or the Group could be held ultimately responsible and/or that could damage the Group's reputation. 
In particular, acts of misconduct by any employee, and particularly by senior management, could erode trust and 
confidence and damage the Group’s reputation among existing and potential clients and other stakeholders. Actual 
or alleged misconduct by Group entities in any number of activities or circumstances, including operations, 
employment related offenses such as sexual harassment and discrimination, regulatory compliance, the use and 
protection of data and systems, and the satisfaction of client expectations, and actions taken by regulators or others 
in response to such misconduct, could lead to among other things, sanctions, fines and reputational damage, any 
of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Furthermore, the Group may not be able to prevent third parties outside the Group from using the banking network 
in order to launder money or carry out illegal or inappropriate activities. Further, financial crimes continually 
evolve and emerging technologies, such as cryptocurrencies and blockchain, could limit the Group's ability to 
track the movement of funds. Additionally, in adverse economic conditions, it is possible that financial crime 
attempts will increase significantly. 
If there is a breach of the applicable regulations or BBVA's ethics and compliance regulations or if the competent 
authorities consider that the Group does not perform the necessary due diligence inherent to its activities, such 
authorities could impose limitations on the Group's activities, the revocation of its authorisations and licenses, and 
economic penalties, in addition to having significant consequences for the Group's reputation, which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the 
Group from time to time conducts investigations related to alleged violations of such regulations and BBVA's 
ethics and compliance regulations, and any such investigation or any related proceedings could be time consuming 
and costly, and its results difficult to predict. 
Any attack, failure or deficiency in the Group's systems could, among other things, lead to the misappropriation 
of funds of the Group's clients or the Group itself and the unauthorised disclosure, destruction or use of 
confidential information, as well as preventing the normal operation of the Group, and impair its ability to provide 
services and carry out its internal management. In addition, any attack, failure or deficiency could result in the 
loss of customers and business opportunities, damage to computers and systems, violation of regulations regarding

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
37 
 
 
data protection and/or other regulations, exposure to litigation, fines, sanctions or interventions, loss of confidence 
in the Group's security measures, damage to its reputation, reimbursements and compensation, and additional 
regulatory compliance expenses and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. Furthermore, it is possible that such attacks, failures or deficiencies will not 
be detected on time or ever. The Group is likely to be forced to spend significant additional resources to improve 
its security measures in the future. As cyber-attacks are becoming increasingly sophisticated and difficult to 
prevent, the Group may not be able to anticipate or prevent all possible vulnerabilities, nor to implement 
preventive measures that are effective or sufficient. 
Customers and other third parties to which the Group is significantly exposed, including the Group’s service 
providers (such as data processing companies to which the Group has outsourced certain services), face similar 
risks. Any attack, failure or deficiency that may affect such third parties could, among other things, adversely 
affect the Group’s ability to carry out operations or provide services to its clients or result in the unauthorized 
disclosure, destruction or use of confidential information. Furthermore, the Group may not be aware of such 
attack, failure or deficiency in time, which could limit its ability to react. Moreover, as a result of the increasing 
consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial institutions and technological systems, an attack, 
failure or deficiency that significantly degrades, eliminates or compromises the systems or data of one or more 
financial institutions could have a significant impact on its counterparts or other market participants, including 
the Group. 
BBVA’s financial statements are based in part on assumptions and estimates which, if inaccurate, could cause 
material misstatement of the results of its operations and financial condition 
The preparation of financial statements in compliance with IFRS-IASB requires the use of estimates. It also 
requires management to exercise judgment in applying relevant accounting policies. The key areas involving a 
higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas where assumptions are significant to the consolidated and 
individual financial statements, include the classification, measurement and impairment of financial assets, 
particularly where such assets do not have a readily available market price, the assumptions used to quantify 
certain provisions and for the actuarial calculation of post-employment benefit liabilities and commitments, the 
useful life and impairment losses of tangible and intangible assets, the valuation of goodwill and purchase price 
allocation of business combinations, the fair value of certain unlisted financial assets and liabilities, the 
recoverability of deferred tax assets and the exchange and inflation rates of certain countries where the Group 
operates. There is a risk that if the judgment exercised or the estimates or assumptions used subsequently turn out 
to be incorrect then this could result in significant loss to the Group beyond that anticipated or provided for, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Observable market prices are not available for many of the financial assets and liabilities that the Group holds at 
fair value and a variety of techniques to estimate the fair value are used. Should the valuation of such financial 
assets or liabilities become observable, for example as a result of sales or trading in comparable assets or liabilities 
by third parties, this could result in a materially different valuation to the current carrying value in the Group’s 
financial statements. 
The further development of standards and interpretations under IFRS-IASB could also significantly affect the 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Group. 
5. 
Operational Risks 
Attacks, failures or deficiencies in the Group's procedures, systems and security or those of third parties to 
which the Group is exposed could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations, and could harm its reputation 
The Group's activities depend to a large extent on its ability to process and report effectively and accurately on a 
high volume of highly complex transactions with numerous and diverse products and services (by their nature, 
generally ephemeral), in different currencies and subject to different regulatory regimes. Therefore, it relies on 
highly sophisticated information technology ("IT") systems for data transmission, processing and storage. 
However, IT systems are vulnerable to various problems, such as hardware and software malfunctions, computer 
viruses, hacking, and physical damage to IT centers. BBVA's exposure to these risks has increased significantly 
in recent years due to the Group's implementation of its ambitious digital strategy.

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
38 
 
 
Digital sales now amount to 79 per cent. of the total units sold. Digital services, as well as other alternatives that 
BBVA offers users to become BBVA customers, have become even more important after the COVID-19 outbreak 
and the ensuing restrictions on mobility in the countries in which the Group operates. Currently, approximately 
65 per cent. of new clients choose digital channels to start their relationship with BBVA. The Group suffers 
cybersecurity incidents and system failures from time to time, and any such incident or failure could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations, and could harm its 
reputation.  
Any attack, failure or deficiency in the Group's systems could, among other things, lead to the misappropriation 
of funds of the Group's clients or the Group itself and the unauthorised disclosure, destruction or use of 
confidential information, as well as preventing the normal operation of the Group, and impairing its ability to 
provide services and carry out its internal management. In addition, any attack, failure or deficiency could result 
in the loss of customers and business opportunities, damage to computers and systems, violation of regulations 
regarding data protection and/or other regulations, exposure to litigation, fines, sanctions or interventions, loss of 
confidence in the Group's security measures, damage to its reputation, reimbursements and compensation, and 
additional regulatory compliance expenses and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, it is possible that such attacks, failures or deficiencies 
will not be detected on time or ever. The Group is likely to be forced to spend significant additional resources to 
improve its security measures in the future. As cyber-attacks are becoming increasingly sophisticated and difficult 
to prevent, the Group may not be able to anticipate or prevent all possible vulnerabilities, nor to implement 
preventive measures that are effective or sufficient. Customers and other third parties to which the Group is 
significantly exposed, including the Group's service providers (such as data processing companies to which the 
Group has outsourced certain services), face similar risks. Any attack, failure or deficiency that may affect such 
third parties could, among other things, adversely affect the Group's ability to carry out operations or provide 
services to its clients or result in the unauthorised disclosure, destruction or use of confidential information. 
Furthermore, the Group may not be aware of such attack, failure or deficiency in time, which could limit its ability 
to react. Moreover, as a result of the increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial 
institutions and technological systems, an attack, failure or deficiency that significantly degrades, eliminates or 
compromises the systems or data of one or more financial institutions could have a significant impact on its 
counterparts or other market participants, including the Group. 
5.1 
Risks related to early intervention and resolution 
The liabilities of the Guarantor including the Guarantee may be subject to loss absorption through their 
permanent write-down and/or conversion into equity 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (the "BRRD I"), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD II" and 
together with BRRD I, the "BRRD") was implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015, as amended by Royal 
Decree-Law 11/2017, of 23 June, on urgent measures in financial matters (Real Decreto-ley 11/2017, de 23 de 
junio, de medidas urgentes en materia financiera) ("RDL 11/2017") and by Royal Decree-Law 7/2021, of 27 
April ("RDL 7/2021") which has partially implemented BRRD II in Spain. 
BRRD, as implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 (as amended), together with Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 
6 November, implementing Law 11/2015 (the "RD 1012/2015") and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for 
the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund (as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, including 
by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and the Council of 20 May 2019, the "SRM 
Regulation") and its developing regulations is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in any relevant unsound or failing credit institution, investment firm, 
financial institution or holding company (each a "relevant entity") so as to ensure the continuity of the relevant 
entity critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity's failure on the 
economy and financial system. 
The Guarantee is an unsecured and unsubordinated preferred senior obligation of the Guarantor (crédito ordinario 
preferente). Subject to statutory preferences, the Guarantee will rank equally with any of the Guarantor's other 
unsecured and unsubordinated senior preferred indebtedness (créditos ordinarios preferentes). However, the 
Guarantee will be effectively subordinated to all of the Guarantor's secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
39 
 
 
of the assets securing such indebtedness, and other preferential obligations under Spanish law including the 
covered deposits and natural persons and micro, small and medium enterprises deposits referred to in Additional 
Provisions 14 of Law 11/2015. The Guarantee is also structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of subsidiaries 
of the Guarantor insofar as any right of the Guarantor to receive any assets of such companies upon their winding-
up will be effectively subordinated to the claims of the creditors of those companies in the winding-up. 
As provided in the BRRD, Law 11/2015 and its developing regulations contain four resolution tools and powers 
including bail-in which gives resolution authorities the power to write down and/or to convert certain claims of 
unsecured creditors (including the Securityholders (as beneficiaries of the Guarantee) and the Issuer) of a failing 
relevant entity (such as the Guarantor) (which write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and 
to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity or other instruments of ownership (the "Spanish Bail-in 
Power"), which equity or other instruments could also be subject to any future write-down. Any application of 
the Spanish Bail-in Power under the BRRD shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on the Securityholders (as beneficiaries of 
the Guarantee) or the Issuer will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority 
given to other creditors such as depositors. In this respect, as indicated in "The Group is subject to a comprehensive 
regulatory and supervisory framework, including resolution regulations, which could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations" above, the CMDI Proposal provides for a 
general depositor preference in insolvency. If the CMDI Proposal is implemented in its current form, this would 
mean that the senior preferred claims (such as those arising from the Guarantee) will rank junior to the claims of 
all depositors, including deposits of large corporates and other deposits that are currently excluded from such 
privileged claims. Any such general depositor preference would also impact upon any application of the Spanish 
Bail-in Power, as such application is to be carried out in the order of the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency 
proceedings. Accordingly, this would mean that following any such amendment of the insolvency laws of Spain 
to establish a general depositor preference, any resulting write-down or conversion of the senior preferred claims 
(such as those arising from the Guarantee) by the Relevant Resolution Authority would be carried out before any 
write-down or conversion of the claims of depositors such as those of large corporates that, with the current bail-
in regime, would have been written-down or converted alongside the senior preferred indebtedness. By removing 
the requirement for such deposits to be written-down or converted in this manner, one of the stated objectives of 
this proposed amendment is to reduce the likelihood of deposits generally needing to be included in any such 
write-down or conversion upon any application of the Spanish Bail-in Power and improve the process for the 
application of the Spanish Bail-in Power. However, this may have the corresponding impact of increasing the 
likelihood of any write-down or conversion of the senior preferred claims (including those arising from the 
Guarantee). Nevertheless, the exact impact of the CMDI Proposal is not know yet given it is still in the form of a 
legislative proposal and therefore subject to further amendments.  
Additionnally, the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power and the exercise of any such powers may result in such 
Securityholders losing some or all of their investment. Such application could involve, the determination that all 
or part of the Guarantee over the principal amount of any Securities or any liability of BBVA (such as those arising 
from the Hedging Agreements (as defined below)) towards the Issuer will be subject to loss absorption is likely 
to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may also be outside of the 
institution's control. This determination will be made by the institution's regulators and there may be many factors, 
including factors not directly related to the institution, which could result in such a determination. 
As a result, the exercise of any power under Law 11/2015 or any suggestion of such exercise could materially 
adversely affect the rights of Securityholders, the price or value of any Securities and/or the ability of the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor to satisfy their respective obligations under any Securities, the Guarantee and the 
Hedging Agreements. 
To the extent any resulting treatment of Securityholders pursuant to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power is 
less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, a 
Securityholder has a right to compensation under the BRRD based on an independent valuation of the relevant 
entity (which is referred to as the "no creditor worse off safeguard" under the BRRD). Any such compensation is 
unlikely to compensate that Securityholder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a 
considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be 
made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the Securities.

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
40 
 
 
Securityholders may not be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the adoption of 
any early intervention or resolution measure under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
The Guarantor and, indirectly, the Issuer, may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution pursuant 
to the BRRD as implemented through Law 11/2015, RDL 7/2021 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation, 
if the Guarantor or its group of consolidated credit entities is in breach (or due, among other things, to a rapidly 
deteriorating financial condition, it is likely in the near future to be in breach) of applicable regulatory 
requirements relating to solvency, liquidity, internal structure or internal controls or the conditions for resolution. 
Pursuant to Law 11/2015, the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself constitute 
an event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer or Guarantor to exercise any rights it may otherwise 
have in respect thereof and any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply. However, 
this does not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly 
where an event of default arises either before or after the exercise of any such early intervention or resolution 
procedure and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied 
pursuant to Law 11/2015. 
Any enforcement by a Securityholder of its rights under the Securities upon the occurrence of an event of default 
following the adoption of any resolution procedure will be subject to the relevant provisions of the BRRD, as 
implemented through Law 11/2015, RDL 7/2021 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation in relation to the 
exercise of the relevant measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, including the resolution tools and 
powers as referred below. 
Any claims on the occurrence of an event of default will consequently be limited by the application of any 
measures pursuant to the provisions of Law 11/2015, RDL 7/2021 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation. 
The taking of any such action could adversely affect the rights of Securityholders and the price or value of their 
investment in the Securities as well as the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to satisfy its obligations under 
the Securities or the Guarantee. The enforcement by a Securityholder of any rights it may otherwise have on the 
occurrence of any event of default may be limited in these circumstances. 
Additional information on the BRRD and SRM Regulation 
In accordance with Article 20 of Law 11/2015, a relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail in 
any of the following circumstances: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in significant breach of its solvency 
or any other requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near 
future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they 
fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). The 
determination that a relevant entity is no longer viable may depend on a number of factors which may be outside 
of that relevant entity's control. 
As provided in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, Law 11/2015 contains four resolution tools and powers, 
which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) a relevant 
entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures 
would prevent the failure of such relevant entity within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in 
the public interest, are: (i) sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant 
entity or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution – which enables resolution 
authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a "bridge institution" (an entity created 
for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control), which may limit the capacity of the relevant entity 
to meet its repayment obligations; (iii) asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer certain 
categories of assets (including impaired or problem assets) to one or more publicly owned asset management 
vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly 
wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) the general bail-in tool. 
Pursuant to Law 11/2015 the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure shall not itself constitute 
an event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer or Guarantor to exercise any rights it may otherwise 
have in respect thereof and any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply. However, 
this does not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly 
where an event of default arises either before or after the exercise of any such early intervention or resolution 
procedure and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied 
pursuant to Law 11/2015.

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
41 
 
 
Risks relating to the Spanish Insolvency Law affecting the Guarantor 
The Spanish Insolvency Law governs general insolvency and pre-insolvency proceedings in Spain. 
The Spanish Insolvency Law establishes a single insolvency proceeding applicable to Spanish debtors (whether 
incorporated or not) and various preinsolvency tools to try to restructure the debt. In this regard, the Kingdom of 
Spain implemented the European Directive 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 
2019 on preventive restructuring framewoks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications and on measures to 
increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending 
Directive (EU) 2017/1132, through Spanish Law 16/2022, of 5 September (the "Insolvency Law Reform"). 
The new pre-insolvency instruments established by the Insolvency Law Reform are set out in the Second Book 
of the Insolvency Law significantly the new restructuring plans. These pre-insolvency instruments replace the 
refinancing agreements and enable the amendment of the conditions or the structure of the debtor's assets and 
liabilities, or its equity (among other things). The restructuring plans may also involve the transfer of assets, 
transfer of business units or transfer of the whole company. However, such pre-insolvency instruments are not 
applicable to credit institutions such as BBVA. 
Furthermore, the Spanish Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become 
subordinated if it is not reported to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month 
from the last official publication in the Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado) of the court order declaring 
the insolvency, (ii) provisions in a contract granting one party the right to terminate it by reason only of the other's 
insolvency may not be enforceable (despite this, the Insolvency Law Reform introduced the possibility for the 
restructuring plan to terminate agreements with bilateral/reciprocal obligations when such actions is deemed 
necessary for the good of the restructuring plan or to avoid the insolvency of the debtor), and (iii) interest (other 
than ordinary interest accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset subject to 
the security and the maximum secured liabilities under the relevant security and provided that a contingent claim 
has been reported in due course to the insolvency administrator) shall cease to accrue as from the date of the 
declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such date (other than any interest accrued 
under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the lower of the value of the asset subject to the security and the 
maximum secured liabilities under the relevant security) shall become subordinated. 
In addition, as indicated in "The Group is subject to a comprehensive regulatory and supervisory framework, 
including resolution regulations, which could have a significant adverse effect on its business, financial condition 
and results of operations" above, the CMDI Proposal provides for a general depositor preference in insolvency. 
Therefore, the implementation of the CMDI Proposal in its current form would mean that the senior preferred 
claims (such as those arising from the Guarantee) will rank junior to the claims of all depositors, including deposits 
of large corporates and other deposits that are currently excluded from the above privileged claims. Nevertheless, 
the exact impact of the CMDI Proposal is not know yet given it is still in the form of a legislative proposal and 
therefore subject to further amendments. 
6. 
Risk Factors relating to the Securities 
6.1 
Risk Factors associated with Securities that are linked to specific types of Reference Items  
There are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the risks associated with an investment 
in Securities issued under the Programme. Such factors will vary depending on the type of Securities issued, in 
particular in relation to Securities in respect of which amounts payable under the Securities are linked to the value 
of one or more index, share, inflation index, unit, interest or share in a fund, the credit of one or more reference 
entity, foreign exchange rate, EUA contracts, bond, custom index or the combination of any of the foregoing. 
There are specific risks relating to Equity Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Securities where the redemption amount or the value of the Entitlement (as defined in 
General Condition 5(b)(v)) and/or interest payable is dependent upon the price of or changes in the price of shares 
or a basket of shares (or depositary receipts) or, depending on the price of or change in the price of shares or the 
basket of shares (or depositary receipts), where the Issuer's obligation on redemption is to deliver a specified 
number of shares (or depositary receipts) ("Equity Linked Securities"). Accordingly, an investment in Equity 
Linked Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct equity investment and investors should take advice 
accordingly.

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
42 
 
 
Investors in any such Securities should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Equity Linked Securities (i) 
they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of the redemption amount and/or interest occur 
at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the value 
of the share(s) and/or depositary receipt(s) does not move in the anticipated direction. In addition, the movements 
in the price of the share or depositary receipt or basket of shares and/or depositary receipts may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the 
timing of changes in the relevant price of the share or shares may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average price is consistent with their expectations. All these factors may affect the investments in the Securities. 
The market price of such Securities may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption 
date, the volatility of the share(s) and/or depositary receipt(s), the dividend rate (if any) and the financial results 
and prospects of the issuer or issuers of the relevant share(s) or depositary receipt(s) as well as economic, financial 
and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) on which any such shares or depositary receipts may be traded. 
Upon determining that a Potential Adjustment Event, Extraordinary Event or Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred in relation to an underlying share or the issuer of such underlying share, the Calculation Agent has broad 
discretion to make certain determinations to account for such event including to (i) make adjustments to the terms 
of the Securities and/or (ii) (in the case of an Extraordinary Event or an Additional Disruption Event) cause early 
redemption of the Securities, any of which determinations may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Securities. In addition, in the case of Securities linked to shares where “China Connect” is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, investors are exposed to additional risks related to the China Connect Service. The 
China Connect Service is subject to a number of restrictions including pre-trade checking requirements, daily 
quota restrictions and may also be affected by the intervention of the Chinese Government and/or regulatory 
bodies in the China market (which may be positive or negative). Such restrictions and uncertainties relating to 
China Connect may lead to to the ocurrence of additional adjustment events. 
See also risk factor "The Calculation Agent, which will be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, has 
broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Securityholders" below. 
There are specific risks relating to ETF Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Securities where the redemption amount or the value of the Entitlement (as defined in 
General Condition 5(b)(v)) and/or interest payable is dependent upon the price of or changes in the price of an 
exchange traded fund share or a basket of exchange traded fund shares or, depending on the price of or change in 
the price of an exchange traded fund share or a basket of exchange traded fund shares, where the Issuer's obligation 
on redemption is to deliver a specified number of shares ("ETF Linked Securities"). Accordingly, an investment 
in ETF Linked Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct ETF investment and investors should take 
advice accordingly.  
Investors in any such Securities should be aware that, depending on the terms of the ETF Linked Securities (i) 
they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of the redemption amount and/or interest and 
(iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of the ETF share(s) does not move 
in the anticipated direction. In addition, the movements in the price of the ETF share or basket of ETF shares may 
be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other 
indices and the timing of changes in the relevant price of the ETF share or ETF shares may affect the actual yield 
to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. All these factors may affect the 
investments in the Securities. 
The market price of such Securities may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption 
date, the volatility of the ETF share(s), the dividend rate (if any) and the financial results and prospects of the 
issuer or issuers of the relevant ETF share(s) as well as economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such ETF 
shares may be traded. 
The market price of such Securities may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption 
date and the volatility of ETF share(s) as well as the economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) or pricing source(s) on which the ETF itself, 
any securities or other components comprising the ETF may be traded. The ETF may comprise equities, bonds or 
other securities, or it may be an ETF referencing certain price data which will be subject to market price

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
43 
 
 
fluctuations or may reference other underlying component types. An index may include valuations only and not 
actual transactions and the data sources used to compile the index may be subject to change, which may adversely 
affect the return on the Securities. 
Where ETF Linked Securities are linked to an ETF and the investment objective of such ETF is to track the 
performance of one or more underlying assets or an index, the investors of such Securities are exposed to the 
performance of such ETF rather than the underlying asset(s) or index such ETF tracks. An ETF may not be able 
to accucately track the underlying asset(s) or the constituent securities of the underlying index which could give 
rise to a difference between the performance of the underlying asset(s) or index and such ETF. Accordingly, 
investor who purchase Securities that are linked to an ETF may receive a lower return than if such investors had 
invested directly in the asset(s) or the componets of the index underlying such ETF. 
Upon determining that one or more Potential ETF Events (as defined in ETF Linked Condition 2) has occurred, 
the Calculation Agent may seek to make adjustments in accordance with the ETF Linked Conditions. Such 
adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. 
Upon determining that one or more Extraordinary ETF Events or Additional Extraordinary ETF Events (as defined 
in ETF Linked Condition 2) has occurred the Issuer may seek to make adjustments, substitute the relevant ETF 
Share(s), as the case may be, with exchange traded fund share(s), as the case may be, with similar characteristics 
or, if no such ETF is selected, with a replacement index, or redeem the Securities at its discretion. Any adjustment 
or substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. 
See also risk factor "The Calculation Agent, which will be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, has 
broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Securityholders" below. 
Risks associated with non-U.S. securities markets for investors in 3(a)2 Notes 
Noteholders investing in 3(a)2 Notes which are ETF Linked Securities must be aware that they might be subject 
to risks associated with non-U.S. securities markets because the ETF used as underlying of the 3(a)2 might be 
comprised of stocks that are traded in one or more non-U.S. securities markets. Investments linked to the value of 
non-U.S. equity securities involve particular risks. Any non-U.S. securities market may be less liquid, more 
volatile and affected by global or domestic market developments in a different way than are the U.S. securities 
market or other non-U.S. securities markets. Both government intervention in a non-U.S. securities market, either 
directly or indirectly, and cross-shareholdings in non-U.S. companies, may affect trading prices and volumes in 
that market. Also, there is generally less publicly available information about non-U.S. companies than about U.S. 
companies that are subject to the reporting requirements of the SEC. Further, non-U.S. companies are likely 
subject to accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards and requirements that differ from those applicable 
to U.S. reporting companies. The prices of securities in a non-U.S. country are subject to political, economic, 
financial and social factors that are unique to such non-U.S. country's geographical region. These factors include: 
recent changes, or the possibility of future changes, in the applicable non-U.S. government's economic and fiscal 
policies; the possible implementation of, or changes in, currency exchange laws or other laws or restrictions 
applicable to non-U.S. companies or investments in non-U.S. equity securities; fluctuations, or the possibility of 
fluctuations, in currency exchange rates; and the possibility of outbreaks of hostility, political instability, natural 
disaster or adverse public health developments. Any one of these factors, or the combination of more than one of 
these or other factors, could negatively affect such non-U.S. securities market and the prices of securities therein. 
Further, geographical regions may react to global factors in different ways, which may cause the prices of 
securities in a non-U.S. securities market to fluctuate in a way that differs from those of securities in the U.S. 
securities market or other non-U.S. securities markets. Non-U.S. economies may also differ from the U.S. 
economy in important respects, including growth of gross national product, rate of inflation, capital reinvestment, 
resources and self-sufficiency, which may have a positive or negative effect on non-U.S. securities prices. 
There are specific risks relating to Index Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Securities where the redemption amount and/or interest payable is dependent upon the level 
of, or changes in the level of, an index or a basket of indices ("Index Linked Securities"). Accordingly, an 
investment in Index Linked Securities may bear similar market risks to a direct investment in the components of 
the index and investors should take advice accordingly. 
Investors in any such Securities should be aware that depending on the terms of the Index Linked Securities (i) 
they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of the redemption amount and/or interest may

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
44 
 
 
occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the 
value of the index/indices does not move in the anticipated direction. In addition, movements in the level of the 
index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, 
currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or indices may affect the 
actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. All these factors may affect 
the investments in the Securities 
The market price of such Securities may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption 
date and the volatility of the level of the index or indices as well as the economic, financial and political events in 
one or more jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) or pricing source(s) on which 
any securities or other components comprising the index or indices may be traded. The index may reference 
equities, bonds or other securities, or it may be an index referencing certain price data which will be subject to 
market price fluctuations or may reference other underlying component types. An index may include valuations 
only and not actual transactions and the data sources used to compile the index may be subject to change, which 
may adversely affect the return on the Securities. 
Upon determining that one or more Index Adjustment Events or Additional Disruption Events (as defined in 
"Annex 2 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Securities") has occured the Issuer may require the 
Calculation Agent to make such adjustments as it determines appropriate to the terms of the Securities or redeem 
the Securities. Such action may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Index Linked 
Securities. 
There are specific risks relating to Custom Index Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Securities where the redemption amount and/or interest payable is dependent upon the level 
of, or changes in the level of, a custom index or a basket of custom indices ("Custom Index Linked Securities").  
Such Custom Index may be composed by BBVA, by any other entity within the Group or by any third party, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Index Administrator (the "Index Administrator") and the Index 
Administrator may itself act as or may appoint one or more other entities to act as a calculation agent (the "Index 
Calculation Agent"). Further information in relation to each relevant Custom Index will be provided in Part B of 
the relevant Issue Terms, including details of how investors may obtain the index rules of the Custom Index. 
Investors should carefully consider the index rules of the Custom Index and any other disclosure on the Custom 
Index prior to making a decision to invest in any Custom Index Linked Securities. 
Factors affecting the performance of Custom Indices 
Custom Indices generally pursue a rules-based custom trading strategy (a "strategy") to achieve an investment 
objective as described in more detail in the relevant Custom Index rules. Any potential investor in Custom Index 
Linked Securities should be aware that such custom indices usually have only a limited operating history with no 
live track record in achieving the stated investment objective in the medium or long term. Therefore, no assurance 
can be given that any such strategy on which a Custom Index is based will be successful and that such custom 
index will perform in line with or better than any relevant market benchmark or any comparable alternative 
strategy. Where the strategy pursued by a Custom Index is not successful, this might affect the value of and return 
on Custom Index Linked Securities.  
Investors should also note that the performance of the underlying components ("components") of Custom Indices 
will normally have a direct effect on the performance of the Custom Index due to the way in which the Custom 
Index level is calculated. Investors should consider carefully the components of the Custom Index, the nature of 
the underliyng asset classes and the particular risks related to such assets and asset classes before they make a 
decision to invest in any Custom Index Linked Securities. In some cases asset class risks are described elsewhere 
in this category 6.1 (Risk Factors associated with Securities that are linked to specific types of Reference Items) 
of this Risk Factors section.  
The components of a Custom Index may include "long" and "short" exposures to any asset. In the case of any 
such "long" exposure, any fall in component values may reduce the return on the Securities and in the case of any 
such "short" exposure, any rise in component values may reduce the return on the Securities.

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
45 
 
 
Hedging activity may affect the level of a Custom Index 
By issuing Securities linked to a Custom Index ("Custom Index Linked Securities"), BBVA and/or any other 
entity within the Group will have an exposure to such custom index and its related components. BBVA and/or 
other entity within the Group may take risk positions to hedge this exposure in its sole discretion and in a principal 
capacity. Investors in any Custom Index Linked Security will not have any rights in respect of any BBVA and/or 
other entity within the Group hedge positions, including any shares, futures, options, or other derivatives. BBVA 
and/or other entity within the Group may execute its hedging activity by trading in the components of a Custom 
Index on or before the related rebalancing day. Such trading may have an adverse impact on the level at which 
such components are rebalanced which will result in an adverse impact on the performance of such Custom Index. 
BBVA and/or other entity within the Group's hedging activity, and hence the size of such impact, will be linked 
to the amount of new and outstanding Custom Index Linked Securities at the relevant time and then-prevailing 
market conditions and may affect the market price of or liquidity in the relevant market of a Custom Index.  
An investor in Securities linked to a Custom Index will have no rights in respect of any components 
The investment exposure provided by a Custom Index is synthetic, and a notional investment in such a Custom 
Index does not constitute a purchase or other acquisition or assignment of any interest in any component (or any 
sub-components thereof).  
Investment in Securities linked to a Custom Index will therefore not make an investor a holder of, or give an 
investor a direct investment position in, any components (or any sub-components thereof). The return on your 
Securities may be less than if you held a direct position in a Custom Index or any component (or any sub-
components thereof), or a different product linked thereto. 
Risks relating to Custom Indices that employ a risk control mechanism and are regularly rebalanced 
A Custom Index may have an in-built risk target mechanism, which regulates the exposure of a Custom Index to 
one or more relevant components, according to the volatility of such component(s) on a regular basis. For example, 
as volatility of a component rises, the Custom Index may reduce the exposure to such component(s) and 
conversely, as volatility falls, the Custom Index may increase the exposure to such component(s); in some cases 
the exposure of a Custom Index to one or more components may increase in a manner that the exposure of the 
Custom Index to one or more components increases above 100% and thereby creating a leveraged exposure of the 
Custom Index to such component(s).  
Investors should note that such a Custom Index may fall disproportionally in case of such a leveraged exposure, 
and investors in Custom Index Linked Securities may suffer a corresponding loss of their investment, if the market 
price of one or more component(s) performs negatively at a time when the Index provides for such a high exposure 
to such component(s). This may be experienced, for example, if a period of relatively low volatility of the 
component(s) is followed by substantial negative performance of such component(s). Conversely, a Custom index 
may under certain circumstances also underperform the component(s) in periods of higher experienced volatility 
where the exposure of a Custom Index to such component(s) is reduced.  
The risk control mechanism employed by the Custom Index often uses historical volatility of the relevant 
component(s) for determining the exposure of the index to such component(s). As a rule, the adjustment of 
exposures in the Custom Index can only occur subsequently and therefore with a certain time lag. As a 
consequence, the allocation mechanism may fail to capture all market trends, resulting in a higher allocation to a 
component that may underperform other components thereby negatively affecting the performance of the Custom 
Index. This could also mean that the Custom Index could potentially be exposed to a spike in volatility that is 
higher than the targeted volatility for the Custom Index, which may result in greater losses to investors investing 
in a Custom Index Linked Security. 
Custom Indices which employ a risk control mechanism are often rebalanced frequently and, in some cases, as 
often as daily, to adjust the exposure of a Custom Index to the relevant components. Costs associated with 
rebalancing will reduce the levels of a Custom Index and may in turn reduce the return on Securities linked to 
such Custom Indices. Investors should be aware that rebalancing costs may have an adverse effect on the 
performance of a Custom Index and may reduce returns achieved by an investor with a Custom Index Linked 
Security.The level of a Custom Index may be reduced by costs or fees

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
46 
 
 
Custom Indices are published net of hedging and transaction costs, and net of any calculation fee, each deducted 
on the basis provided for in the relevant Custom Index rules, which may be on a daily basis. Such costs or fees 
will act as a drag on the performance of Custom Indices, and will generally adversely affect the value of any 
Securities linked to them.  
Additionally, investors should note that the notional costs or fees reflected in the calculation of a Custom Index 
may not necessarily reflect the actual or realised costs that would be incurred by a direct investor in the relevant 
Custom Index components, which could be larger or smaller from time to time. This is because such costs or fees 
are normally calculated by referring to pre-determined rates which may exceed actual costs of investing in the 
components. The Index Administrator (or its affiliates) may benefit if the notional fees or costs embedded in the 
Custom Index exceed the actual costs that may be incurred by the Index Administrator (or its affiliates) in hedging 
transactions that may be entered into in respect of the Custom Index.  
Use of derivative instruments or techniques may be a significant risk in a Custom Index 
Custom Indices may use derivative techniques or contain components which are derivative instruments, such as 
options or futures contracts. This can mean that the Custom Index is exposed to components or asset classes in an 
unexpected way with different results as compared to a Custom Index that offers a direct exposure to components 
or an asset class.  
It is also possible that a Custom Index uses derivative techniques or contains components which offer exposure 
to asset classes in other non-linear ways. For example the use of options may mean that the Custom Index only 
increases in value if certain conditions are met such as the price or level of a particular reference asset rising or 
falling in a particular way. If such conditions are not met then the Custom Index level may perform in a negative 
way due to such derivative techniques or components. 
Risks associated with leverage may be significant in a Custom Index 
A Custom Index or its components may provide for or allow leveraged investment positions. While such strategies 
and techniques may increase the opportunity to achieve higher returns on the Securities, they will generally also 
increase the risk of loss, as both returns and losses are magnified. Investors in Custom Index Linked Securities 
with leverage risk may suffer higher losses in falling or more volatile markets (all other things being equal) than 
if they had invested in Custom Index Linked Securities without leverage risk. 
Risks associated with the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as defined in General Condition 6(l)) may lead to 
redemption or adjustment of the Custom Index Linked Securities. Any such adjustment or redemption of the 
Securities following the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event may have an adverse effect on the 
value and liquidity of such Securities and accordingly the amount Securityholders can expect to receive on their 
investment. 
Index Adjustment Events and Additional Disruption Events 
Upon determining that one or more Index Adjustment Events or Additional Disruption Events (as defined in 
"Annex 11 –Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Securities") has occured the Issuer may require 
the Calculation Agent to make such adjustments as it determines appropriate to the terms of the Securities or 
redeem the Securities. Such action may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Custom 
Index Linked Securities. 
Custom Indices may rely on external data and data sources 
Custom Indices may rely on data from external data providers and data sources which have been selected and pre-
defined by the Index Administrator which may change the data providers and the data sources from time to time 
in accordance with its internal governance procedures provided that any new data provider or data source meets 
its requirements. There is a risk that this data may be inaccurate, innacesible, delayed or not up to date. In addition, 
the Index Administrator or the Index Calculation Agent, as the case may be, make no warranty as to the correctness 
or completeness of that information and take no responsibility for the accuracy of such data or the impact of any 
inaccuracy of such data on the value of a relevant Custom Index, and are not under any obligation to independently 
verify such data (or to advise any investor in Securities linked to a Custom Index of any inaccuracy, omission,

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
47 
 
 
mistake or error of which it becomes aware). There is also a risk that while the data is accurate, the data feed to 
the Index Administrator is impaired. Such impairment to either the data or the data feed could affect the 
performance or continued operability of a Custom Index. There is also a risk to the continuity of Custom Indices 
in the event that the Index Administrator ceases to exist. If certain external data is not available, the Index 
Administrator or Index Calculation Agent may determine the necessary data in order to maintain the continuity 
of the Custom Index but this may not always be possible and the Custom Index may instead be terminated. 
Custom Indices may rely on the Index Administrators' infrastructure and electronic systems 
Custom Indices may rely on the Index Administrators’ and/or Index Calculation Agent’s infrastructure and 
electronic systems (including internal data feeds). Any breakdown or impairment to such infrastructure or 
electronic systems could affect the continued operability of a Custom Index. 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist in relation to Custom Indices and Custom Index Linked Securities 
Investors in Securities linked to a Custom Index should be aware that members of the Group will act in various 
capacities in relation to the Securities and may also have a number of roles in a Custom Index. These roles may 
involve making various determinations in relation to the Custom Index, whether as Index Administrator or as an 
Index Calculation Agent or in another capacity as a Custom Index service provider. These roles are in addition to 
roles Group entities have at the Securities level. Where a Group entity calculates the index level, investors should 
be aware that such index level may be calculated so as to include certain deductions or adjustments that 
synthetically reflect certain factors such as transaction and servicing costs and notional fees and these may be 
costs and fees of Group entities. Such deductions will act as a drag on the performance of the Custom Index such 
that the level of the Custom Index will be lower than it would otherwise be. These are in addition to any deductions 
at the level of the Securities. 
Further, in the normal course of business, the Issuer and/or its affiliates may have, or may have had, interests or 
positions, or may buy, sell or otherwise trade positions in or relating to the relevant Custom Index and/or the 
components, or may have invested, or may engage in transactions with others relating to any of these items or 
engaged in trading, brokerage and financing activities, as well as providing investment banking and financial 
advisory services in respect of the Custom Index or the components. Accordingly, the Issuer or any of its affiliates 
may at any time hold long or short positions, and may trade or otherwise effect transactions, for its own account 
or the accounts of its customers in respect of the Custom Index or the components thereof. Such activity may 
adversely affect the level of the Custom Index and consequently the value of the Securities.  
The Issuer and the Index Administrator of each Custom Index may be affiliated entities or the same entity and 
may face a conflict of interest between their obligations as Issuer and Index Administrator, respectively, and their 
interests in another capacity. No assurance can be given that the resolution of such potential conflicts of interest 
will not be prejudicial to the interests of investors. 
Discretions of the Index Administrator or Index Calculation Agent, including in relation to adjustment and 
extraordinary event provisions, may be a significant risk in a Custom Index 
The rules in relation to a Custom Index may provide the Index Administrator or Index Calculation Agent (which 
may all be part of the Group) the discretion to make certain calculations, determinations (including about their 
maintenance), and amendments to the relevant Custom Index, from time to time (for example, on the occurrence 
of a disruption event as described below) without regard to the interests of the Securityholders. This is separate 
from discretions which any Group entity may have at the level of the Securities. Where there is a corresponding 
applicable regulatory obligation, the Index Administrator or Index Calculation Agent shall take into account its 
applicable regulatory obligations in exercising these discretions but the discretions may be exercised without the 
consent of the investors and may have an adverse impact on the financial return of Custom Index Linked 
Securities.  
A typical Custom Index provides that in order to address modification or disruption events the Index Administrator 
has the power to adjust a Custom Index or its components, to replace components, to suspend or delay the 
calculation of the Custom Index or in some cases to terminate the Custom Index. Following any termination of a 
Custom Index, no assurance can be given that the Index Administrator will replace the Custom Index with a 
successor index or if it does as to how any successor index will perform or whether it can be used in connection 
with the Securities.

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
48 
 
 
Such action may be taken to address modifications or disruptions in components or for other disruption reasons 
including changes in law or market conditions. In some circumstances the Index Administrator may consult as to 
such actions, including with an index committee, the Index Calculation Agent or in some cases certain users of 
the Custom Index, but no assurance can be given that this will be the case. In particular investors in Securities 
may not be consulted and even if they are this may not change or prevent the proposed action the Index 
Administrator takes.  
The impact on Custom Index Linked Securities may be significant and may lead to the Issuer making changes 
negatively affecting the value of the Securities or in some cases early terminating the Securities.  
A change in the composition or discontinuance of an index could adversely affect the market value of the 
Securities 
The administrator or sponsor of any index can add, delete or substitute the components of such index or make 
other methodological changes that could change the level of one or more components. The changing of 
components of any index may affect the level of such index as a newly added component may perform 
significantly worse or better than the component it replaces, which in turn may affect the payments made by the 
Issuer to the investors. The sponsor of any such index may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of such index. The sponsor of an index will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the 
Securities and will have no obligation to any investor. The sponsor of an index may take any actions in respect of 
such index without regard to the interests of the investors, and any of these actions could adversely affect the 
market value of the Securities. 
Risks associated with the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as defined in General Condition 6(l)) may lead to 
redemption or adjustment of the Securities. Any such adjustment or redemption of the Securities following the 
occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such 
Securities and accordingly the amount Securityholders can expect to receive on their investment. 
Risks associated with non-U.S. securities markets for investors in 3(a)2 Notes 
Noteholders investing in 3(a)2 Notes which are Index Linked Securities must be aware that they might be subject 
to risks associated with non-U.S. securities markets because the Index used as underlying of the 3(a)2 might be 
comprised of stocks that are traded in one or more non-U.S. securities markets. Investments linked to the value of 
non-U.S. equity securities involve particular risks. Any non-U.S. securities market may be less liquid, more 
volatile and affected by global or domestic market developments in a different way than are the U.S. securities 
market or other non-U.S. securities markets. Both government intervention in a non-U.S. securities market, either 
directly or indirectly, and cross-shareholdings in non-U.S. companies, may affect trading prices and volumes in 
that market. Also, there is generally less publicly available information about non-U.S. companies than about U.S. 
companies that are subject to the reporting requirements of the SEC. Further, non-U.S. companies are likely 
subject to accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards and requirements that differ from those applicable 
to U.S. reporting companies. The prices of securities in a non-U.S. country are subject to political, economic, 
financial and social factors that are unique to such non-U.S. country's geographical region. These factors include: 
recent changes, or the possibility of future changes, in the applicable non-U.S. government's economic and fiscal 
policies; the possible implementation of, or changes in, currency exchange laws or other laws or restrictions 
applicable to non-U.S. companies or investments in non-U.S. equity securities; fluctuations, or the possibility of 
fluctuations, in currency exchange rates; and the possibility of outbreaks of hostility, political instability, natural 
disaster or adverse public health developments. Any one of these factors, or the combination of more than one of 
these or other factors, could negatively affect such non-U.S. securities market and the prices of securities therein. 
Further, geographical regions may react to global factors in different ways, which may cause the prices of 
securities in a non-U.S. securities market to fluctuate in a way that differs from those of securities in the U.S. 
securities market or other non-U.S. securities markets. Non-U.S. economies may also differ from the U.S. 
economy in important respects, including growth of gross national product, rate of inflation, capital reinvestment, 
resources and self-sufficiency, which may have a positive or negative effect on non-U.S. securities prices. 
Certain Indexes used as underlying of Index Linked Securities can be subject to small-capitalisation stock risks 
Certain Indexes are subject to risks associated with small-capitalisation companies because of them being  
comprised of stocks of companies that may be considered small-capitalisation companies. These companies often

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
49 
 
 
have greater stock price volatility, lower trading volume and less liquidity than large-capitalisation companies and 
therefore such Index may be more volatile than an Index in which a greater percentage of its constituents are 
issued by large-capitalisation companies. Stock prices of small-capitalisation companies are also more vulnerable 
than those of large-capitalisation companies to adverse business and economic developments, and the stocks of 
small-capitalisation companies may be thinly traded. In addition, small-capitalisation companies are typically less 
stable financially than large-capitalisation companies and may depend on a small number of key personnel, 
making them more vulnerable to loss of personnel. Small-capitalisation companies are often given less analyst 
coverage and may be in early, and less predictable, periods of their corporate existences. Such companies tend to 
have smaller revenues, less diverse product lines, smaller shares of their product or service markets, fewer 
financial resources and less competitive strengths than large-capitalisation companies and are more susceptible to 
adverse developments related to their products. 
There are specific risks relating to Credit Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Securities where the redemption amount and/or interest payable is dependent upon whether 
certain events ("Credit Events") have occurred in respect of one or more entities (together "Reference Entities" 
and each, a "Reference Entity") and, if so, on the value of certain specified debt obligations of such Reference 
Entity(ies) or, where, if such events have occurred, the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets 
upon redemption of the Securities. 
Investors in any such Securities should be aware that depending on the terms of the Credit Linked Securities 
(i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of the redemption amount or interest or 
delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a 
substantial portion of their investment. 
The market price of such Securities may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, the time 
remaining to the redemption date and the creditworthiness of the reference entity which in turn may be affected 
by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, over which neither the Issuer nor 
Guarantor has control. 
The Issuer's obligations in respect of Credit Linked Securities are irrespective of the existence or amount of the 
Issuer's and/or any affiliates' credit exposure to a reference entity and the Issuer and/or any affiliate need not suffer 
any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
Reference Entity Credit Risk 
The holders of Credit Linked Securities will be exposed to the credit of one or more Reference Entities, which 
exposure shall be, unless otherwise stated in the Issue Terms, to the full extent of their investment in such 
Securities. Upon the occurrence of any of the default events comprising a Credit Event with respect to any 
Reference Entity, the Securityholders may suffer significant losses at a time when losses may be suffered by a 
direct investor in obligations of such Reference Entity. However, the holding of a Security is unlikely to lead to 
outcomes which exactly reflect the impact of investing in an obligation of a Reference Entity, and losses could be 
considerably greater than would be suffered by a direct investor in the obligations of a Reference Entity and/or 
could arise for reasons unrelated to such Reference Entity. Securityholders should also note that a Credit Event 
may occur even if the obligations of a Reference Entity are unenforceable or their performance is prohibited by 
any applicable law or exchange controls. See also the risk factor "There are risks associated with leveraged 
exposures" below. 
Investors in the Securities are accordingly exposed, as to (if Credit Linked Redemption is applicable) nominal and 
(if Credit Linked Interest is applicable) interest, to the credit risk of one or more Reference Entities. The maximum 
loss to an investor in the Securities is (if Credit Linked Redemption is applicable) 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount, together with (if Credit Linked Interest is applicable) any accrued interest amounts. 
For Index Credit Linked Securities and Long/Short Credit Linked Securities that reference an Index, the Reference 
Entities and the Reference Obligations as of the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Securities will be those set out in 
the Index Annex, being the list for the relevant Markit iTraxx® Europe Index (in the case of iTraxx Non-Tranched 
Index Credit Linked Securities or iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities) or Markit CDXTM Index (in 
the case of CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities) 
with the Annex Date specified in the Issue Terms, as published by the Index Publisher (being Markit Group 
Limited as of the date of this Base Prospectus). Any determinations by the Index Sponsor (being Markit Indices

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
50 
 
 
Limited in the case of iTraxx Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities and iTraxx Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Securities and Markit North America, Inc. in the case of CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Securities and CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, in each case as of the date of this Base Prospectus) 
with respect to replacement Reference Obligations and/or Successors (subject, in relation to Successors, to the 
further determination provisions set out in the Credit Linked Conditions), will apply for the purposes of the Credit 
Linked Securities and any such determinations and resulting changes in Reference Obligations and/or Reference 
Entities may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities. 
Additionally, if ISDA publicly announces one or more replacement Reference Obligations and/or Successors prior 
to the Trade Date but following the "Roll Date" (in the case of iTraxx Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Securities or iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities) or the "Effective Date" (in the case of CDX Non-
Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities) specified in the Index 
Annex, such replacement Reference Obligations and/or Successors will apply for the purposes of the Credit 
Linked Securities, notwithstanding that such announcement occurred prior to the Trade Date, and any such 
announcements and resulting changes in Reference Obligations and/or Reference Entities may have an adverse 
effect on the value of such Securities. 
If Credit Linked Redemption is applicable the occurrence of Credit Events may affect the redemption date of 
the Securities 
Credit Linked Securities in respect of which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable may be redeemed prior to 
their scheduled maturity, save where: (i) Maturity Credit Redemption applies; or (ii) the Securities are Tranched 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or Basket Tranched Credit 
Linked Securities; or (iii) the Securities are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Non-
Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities where Credit Payment on Maturity applies. However, where the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount payable in respect of Securities described in paragraph (ii) or (iii) of the foregoing 
section is zero and Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, the Securities will be redeemed early. Where such 
Securities are redeemed early following a Credit Event, investors may lose some or all of the amount invested and 
will not receive the full amount of interest (if any) to the extent that interest on the Security is also Credit Linked. 
If Credit Linked Redemption is applicable and a Credit Event occurs, for certain Securities investors may only 
receive the redemption amount (if any) a significant amount of time after the Credit Event  
Where Maturity Credit Redemption applies or where the Securities are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Securities or Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities where Credit Payment on Maturity Applies 
(as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) or where the Securities are Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities, Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, in each 
case in respect of which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, maturity of the Credit Linked Securities may be 
delayed until scheduled maturity of the Credit Linked Securities. Investors may therefore be forced to wait a 
significant time following the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event before they receive the redemption amount  
(if any). 
If Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, the occurrence of a Credit Event may affect the amount payable or 
deliverable on redemption of the Securities 
Where Credit Linked Redemption is applicable and cash settlement or auction settlement applies, the occurrence 
of a Credit Event in relation to any Reference Entity from time to time may result in a redemption of the Securities 
in a reduced nominal amount or at zero meaning that investors may lose some or all of the amount invested. 
Where Credit Linked Redemption is applicable and physical settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event 
may result in the redemption of the Securities by delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity, which obligations are likely to have a market value which is substantially less than their par 
amount. Where the Securities provide for physical delivery, the Issuer may determine that the specified assets to 
be delivered are either (a) assets which, for any reason (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant 
clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-receipt of any requisite 
consents with respect to the delivery of assets which are loans), are impossible or illegal to deliver on the specified 
settlement date, or (b) assets which the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any affiliate has not received under the terms 
of any transaction entered into by the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or such affiliate to hedge the Issuer's obligations 
in respect of the Securities. Any such determination may delay settlement in respect of the Securities and/or cause 
the obligation to deliver such specified assets to be replaced by an obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
51 
 
 
case, may affect the value of the Securities and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the timing of 
the valuation of such Securities and as a result, the amount payable on redemption. 
Increased credit risk is associated with "First-to-Default" or "Nth-to-Default" Credit Linked Securities, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Index Credit Linked Securities or Long/Short Credit Linked 
Securities 
Where the Securities are Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities, First-to-Default or Nth-to-Default 
Credit Linked Securities, and Credit-Linked Redemption is applicable, the Securities may be subject to 
redemption in full as described above as a consequence of the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to a single 
Credit Event the first or the nth Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event occurs either shortly after 
such credit event or, where Maturity Credit Redemption is applicable, at the scheduled maturity date. 
Where the Securities are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Securities, and Credit-Linked Redemption is applicable, where Credit Payment As You Go applies, the 
Securities may be subject to redemption in part upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to each Reference 
Entity in respect of which a Credit Event occurs unless Maturity Credit Redemption is applicable in which case 
such Securities shall only be redeemed at the scheduled maturity date. 
Where the Securities are Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, the redemption amount of the 
Securities will only be reduced as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to a number 
greater than the L (being the lower tranche level) number of Reference Entities specified in the Issue Terms but 
will be subject to redemption in full as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to a 
number equal to or greater than the H (being the higher tranche level) number of Reference Entities specified in 
the Issue Terms. The credit risk to Securityholders may further be increased as a result of the concentration of 
Reference Entities in a particular industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to 
similar financial or other risks. 
Where the Securities are Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Securities, the redemption amount of the Securities will only be reduced as described above upon the occurrence 
of a Credit Event resulting in the Aggregate Loss Percentage exceeding the Attachment Point specified in the 
Issue Terms or the Aggregate Loss Percentage in respect of a Basket Tranched Index Component exceeding the 
Attachment Point for that Basket Tranched Index Component specified in the Issue Terms, as the case may be, 
but will be subject to redemption in full as described above upon the occurrence of a Credit Event resulting in the 
Aggregate Loss Percentage, being equal to or greater than the Exhaustion Point specified in the Issue Terms or 
the Aggregate Loss Percentage in respect of each Basket Tranched Index Component exceeding the Attachment 
Point for that Basket Tranched Index Component specified in the Issue Terms, as the case may be. The credit risk 
to Securityholders may further be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a particular 
industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other risks. 
Where the Securities are Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, the Securities will be redeemed at an amount that 
is equal to the sum of the Long Redemption Amount and the Short Redemption Amount. The occurrence of Credit 
Events may result in a reduction of the Long Redemption Amount but an increase in the Short Redemption 
Amount, depending on the Long Exposure or Short Exposure selected and the relevant Reference Entities. The 
credit risk to Securityholders may further be increased as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a 
particular industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other 
risks. 
If Credit Linked Interest is applicable, the occurrence of Credit Events may reduce the interest payable on the 
Securities 
In the case of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities or First-to-Default Credit Linked Securities in 
respect of which Credit Linked Interest is applicable, following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination 
Date no further interest will accrue on the Securities. In the case of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities in 
respect of which Credit Linked Interest is applicable, following the occurrence of a Trigger no further interest will 
accrue on the Securities. In any such circumstances, interest may cease to accrue from the Credit Event 
Determination Date or from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Credit Event Determination 
Date or Trigger, depending on the elections made in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
52 
 
 
In the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities in respect of which Credit Linked Interest is 
applicable, following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date with respect to a number of Reference 
Entities that is greater than the L (being the lower tranche) number of Reference Entities specified in the Issue 
Terms and each subsequent Credit Event Determination Date thereafter, interest that is subject to the Credit Linked 
provisions will accrue on a decreased nominal amount of the Securities until a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred with respect to a number of Reference Entities that is equal to or greater than the H (being the higher 
tranche) number of Reference Entities specified in the Issue Terms and at which point no further interest shall be 
due in respect of the Securities. 
In the case of Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date with respect to which the Aggregate Loss 
Percentage in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, exceeds the Attachment Point, 
(being the lower tranche specified in the Issue Terms) or, in the case of Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Securities, the Aggregate Loss Percentage in respect of a Basket Tranched Index Component exceeds the 
Exhaustion Point in respect of that Basket Tranched Index Component and each subsequent Credit Event 
Determination Date thereafter, if Credit Linked Interest is applicable interest will accrue on a decreased nominal 
amount of the Securities until the Scheduled Maturity Date or until a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred with respect to a number of Reference Entities such that Aggregate Loss Percentage is equal to or greater 
than the Exhaustion Point (being the upper tranche specified in the Issue Terms) or, in the case of Basket Tranched 
Index Credit Linked Securities, the Aggregate Loss Percentage in respect of each Basket Tranched Index 
Component is equal to or greater than the Exhaustion Point in respect of that Basket Tranched Index Component 
and at which point no further interest amounts shall be due in respect of the Securities. 
In the case of interest bearing Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities in respect of which Credit Linked 
Interest is applicable, following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, interest will accrue on a 
decreased nominal amount of the Securities until the Scheduled Maturity Date or until a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred with respect to all of the Reference Entities at which point no further interest 
amounts shall be due in respect of the Securities.” 
In the case of Long/Short Credit Linked Securities in respect of which Credit Linked Interest is applicable, 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of a Reference Entity referenced in the 
Long Exposure, interest may accrue on a decreased nominal amount of the Securities and may cease to accrue 
entirely, depending on the nature of the Long Exposure specified in the Issue Terms. 
Investors' exposure to the credit performance of the Reference Entities may not correspond to actual market 
recovery on such Reference Entities, including for Zero/Set Recovery Securities, Tranched Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Securities, Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Securities and Long/Short Credit Linked Securities 
Interest and redemption payments on the Securities may be calculated by reference to the outstanding nominal 
amount of the Securities. As at the Issue Date the outstanding nominal amount is an amount equal to the aggregate 
Nominal Amount. If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, then the outstanding nominal amount 
may be reduced for the purposes of the determination of interest (if Credit Linked Interest is applicable) and/or 
the amount payable on redemption (if Credit Linked Redemption is applicable) by an amount equal to a predefined 
portion of the (aggregate) Nominal Amount (which may be one hundred percent of such predefined portion 
resulting in such portion of the outstanding nominal amount being reduced in full) irrespective of the actual market 
recovery in respect of such Reference Entity. Therefore, investors' exposure to each Reference Entity may exceed 
the exposure that they might incur in respect of having entered into a standard single name credit default swap as 
protection seller in respect of each Reference Entity and investors may lose the entire principal amount invested. 
There is a risk that the Securities could be affected by a Credit Event or succession that took place prior to the 
Trade Date 
In respect of a Credit Event relating to a Series of Credit Linked Securities, a Credit Event will not be determined 
by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee unless a request for the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to consider whether the relevant event or circumstances constitutes a Credit Event is 
submitted to the DC Secretary within 60 calendar days of the occurrence of such event or circumstances unless a 
Credit Event Determination Date has already occurred with respect to such event. For the purposes of the 
succession provisions the look-back period is 90 calendar days and functions similarly. These provisions mean 
that there is a time limit on the ability to act on a Credit Event or succession and that it is possible that the Securities

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
53 
 
 
could be affected by a Credit Event or succession that took place prior to the Trade Date if Auction Settlement is 
specified as the applicable Settlement Method for a Series of Securities in the relevant applicable Issue Terms. 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions in accordance with market convention in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 19 
The Calculation Agent is vested with the authority to revise any provision of the Credit Linked Conditions, in 
each case in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19. These amendments may be enacted to  
(a) 
incorporate and/or reflect further or alternative documents or protocols published by ISDA with respect 
to the settlement of credit derivatives transactions and/or the operation or applications of determinations 
by the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees; 
(b) 
reflect changes in market practice for credit derivatives transactions; and 
(c) 
reflect circumstances constituting a Hedge Disruption Event. 
While reflective of market practice adjustments due to external protocols or events, any amendments made by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 may not align with the Securityholders’ 
interests. Furthermore, any such adjustment may may have a negative impact on the value of the Securities. 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
Whilst there are many similarities between the terms used in this Base Prospectus and the 2014 ISDA Definitions, 
there are also many substantial differences and aninvestor should understand that the complete terms and 
conditions of the Securities are as set out in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue Terms only and that the 
2014 ISDA Definitions are not incorporated by reference to either. Unlike the 2014 ISDA Definitions, which are 
standardised and widely used for credit default swaps, the terms used in the Base Prospectus are specific and 
tailored to the features and risks of Credit Linked Securities. Consequently, investing in Credit Linked Securities 
is not necessarily equivalent to investing a credit default swap that incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions. 
While ISDA has published and, where appropriate, supplemented the 2014 ISDA Definitions in order to facilitate 
transactions and promote uniformity in the credit derivatives market, the credit derivatives market has evolved 
over time and is expected to continue to change. Consequently, the 2014 ISDA Definitions and the terms applied 
to credit derivatives generally, including Credit Linked Securities are subject to further evolution. Past events 
have shown that the view of market participants may differ as to how the 2014 ISDA Definitions operates or 
should operate. As a result of the continued evolution of the market, the Credit Linked Securities may not conform 
to future market standards. Such a result may have a negative impact on the Credit Linked Securities and there 
can be no assurances that changes to the terms applicable to credit derivatives generally will be predictable or 
favourable to the Issuer or the Securityholders. 
Risks relating to Auction Settlement of Credit Linked Securities 
Where an Auction Final Price Determination Date occurs in respect of Credit Linked Securities, the Auction Final 
Price will be determined according to an auction procedure set out in the applicable Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at https://www.isda.org/ (or any 
successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. The Auction Final Price 
determined pursuant to an auction may be less than the market value that would otherwise have been determined 
in respect of the relevant Reference Obligation. 
The Issuer and the Securityholders may have little or no influence in the outcome of any such auction. However, 
there is a possibility that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (or one of their Affiliates) would act as a participating 
bidder in any such auction. In such capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence the Auction Final 
Price including (without limitation): (a) providing rates of conversion to determine the applicable currency 
conversion rates to be used to convert any obligations which are not denominated in the auction currency into 
such currency for the purposes of the auction; and (b) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests 
with respect to the relevant Deliverable Obligations. In deciding whether to take any such action (or whether to 
act as a participating bidder in any auction), neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent (or any of their Affiliates) 
shall be under any obligation to consider the interests of any Securityholder and, as a result, may take action that 
is adverse to the interests of Securityholders.

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
54 
 
 
Cheapest to deliver risk 
Where Physical Settlement is applicable, upon the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent has the discretion to select Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity for delivery to the 
Securityholders. It is likely that the Deliverable Obligations selected by the Calculation Agent are obligations of 
the Reference Entity with the lowest market value that are permitted to be delivered in accordance with the terms 
of the Securities. In addition, the Deliverable Obligations may be illiquid and such illiquidity may be more 
pronounced following the occurrence of a Credit Event, thereby adversely affecting the value of the relevant 
Deliverable Obligation. The Calculation Agent has no liability to account to the Securityholders or any other 
person for any profit or other benefit to it or any of its affiliates which may result directly or indirectly from such 
selection. 
Cheapest to value risk 
Where Cash Settlement is applicable, upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
has the discretion to select Valuation Obligations of the Reference Entity for valuation in order to determine the 
Final Price. It is likely that the Valuation Obligations selected by the Calculation Agent are obligations of the 
Reference Entity with the lowest market value that are permitted to be valued in accordance with the terms of the 
Securities. This could result in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for Securityholders. In addition, 
the Valuation Obligations may be illiquid and such illiquidity may be more pronounced following the occurrence 
of a Credit Event, thereby adversely affecting the value of the relevant Valuation Obligation which in turn would 
result in a lower recovery value for Securityholders. 
There are specific risks relating to Fund Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Securities where the redemption amount and/or interest payable are dependent upon the 
price or changes in the price of units or shares in a fund or funds or, depending on the price or changes in the price 
of units or shares in such fund or funds, where the Issuer's obligation on redemption is to deliver a specified 
amount of fund shares ("Fund"). Accordingly, an investment in Fund Linked Securities may bear similar market 
risks to a direct fund investment and investors should take advice accordingly. 
Investors in any such Securities should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Fund Linked Securities (i) 
they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of the redemption amount and/or interest and/or 
delivery of any specified Fund shares may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a 
substantial portion of the investment. In addition, the movements in the price of units, shares or interests in the 
fund or funds may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, 
currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant price of the units or shares in the fund or 
funds may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
The market price of such Securities may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption date 
and the volatility of the price of units or shares in the fund(s). The price of units or shares in a fund may be affected 
by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any units or shares in the fund(s) may be traded. In addition, the 
price of units or shares in a fund may be affected by the performance of the fund service providers, and, in 
particular, the investment advisor. Investors should carefully review the prospectus, information memorandum 
and/or base prospectus (if any) issued by any relevant fund before purchasing any Securities linked to such funds. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any affiliate of the Issuer or Guarantor or the Calculation Agent make any 
representation as to the creditworthiness of any relevant fund or any such fund's administrative, custodian, 
investment manager or adviser. If such persons are not creditworthy or otherwise fail to perform, as the case may 
be, it may adversely affect value of the Securities. 
In addition, when the Issuer issues Fund Linked Securities linked to one or more funds, including hedge funds the 
relevant fund(s) may trade and invest in a broad range of investments such as debt and equity securities, 
commodities or commodity indices and foreign exchange and may enter into derivative transactions, including, 
without limitation, futures and options. The relevant fund(s) may often be illiquid and may only be traded on a 
monthly, quarterly or even less frequent basis. The trading strategies of funds are often opaque. The relevant 
fund(s), as well as the markets and instruments in which they invest, are often not subject to review by 
governmental authorities, self-regulatory organisations or other supervisory authorities. If the underlying relevant 
fund(s) do not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Securities will fall, and may in certain circumstances be 
zero.

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
55 
 
 
In the event of the occurrence of one or more Extraordinary Fund Events (as defined in Fund Linked Condition 
1), as the case may be, the Issuer may seek to make adjustments, substitute the relevant Fund Shares with fund 
shares of a fund, with similar characteristics or, if no such fund is selected, with a replacement index, or redeem 
the Securities at its discretion. Any adjustment or substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Securities. 
In the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the underlying Fund Shares, as the case may be, are not received 
by the hedge provider on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or Termination Date, such date may be postponed 
for a period of up to two calendar years (or such other period as may be specified in the Issue Terms) and no 
additional amount shall be payable as a result of such delay and so in such circumstance investors may therefore 
miss the opportunity to invest the redemption proceeds that would have been otherwise received earlier in other 
assets or investments. 
See also risk factors "Investors may not receive any interest on Reference Item Linked Securities" and "The 
Calculation Agent, which will be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, has broad discretionary powers 
which may not take into account the interests of the Securityholders" below. 
For all the above reasons, investing directly or indirectly in funds is generally considered to be risky. If the 
underlying fund does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Securities will fall, and may in certain 
circumstances be zero. 
There are specific risks relating to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Securities where the redemption amount and/or interest payable are dependent upon 
movements in currency exchange rates or are payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the 
currency in which the Securities are denominated ("Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities"). 
Accordingly, an investment in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities may bear similar market risks to a 
direct foreign exchange investment and investors should take advice accordingly. 
Investors in any such Securities should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Securities (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of the redemption amount 
and/or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected and (iii) they may lose a 
substantial portion or all of their investment. In addition, movements in currency exchange rates may be subject 
to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of 
changes in the exchange rates may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with 
their expectations. All these factors may affect the investments in the Securities. 
The foreign exchange rate(s) to which the Securities are linked will affect the nature and value of the investment 
return on the Securities. The performance of foreign exchange rates are dependent upon the supply and demand 
for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including 
inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic 
forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the 
currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, 
without limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing 
currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency 
or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would 
affect exchange rates and the availability of a specified currency. Where the Securities are linked to the currency 
of an emerging market jurisdiction, such risks may be magnified – see also risk factor "There are specifc risks in 
relation to Securities that are denominated in or linked to emerging market currencies" below. 
Payments of the redemption amount and interest or other obligations of the Issuer in respect of any Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities may be restricted or varied upon the occurrence of certain disruption events 
applicable to the Securities. A relevant disruption event for an exchange rate may relate to inability to obtain a 
price for the exchange rate from the applicable price source(s), illiquidity, the split of any relevant currency into 
a dual exchange rate, inconvertibility, non-transferability, a material change in circumstances in the jurisdiction 
of the Subject Currency that makes it impossible to fulfil certain hedging arrangements, a nationalisation or 
variations in the prices quoted for the exchange on different sources being greater than a specified percentage 
threshold (or not quoted for by members of a survey used to determine such source) if specified for that rate in 
the terms and conditions of the Securities and/or the Issue Terms.

--- Page 56 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
56 
 
 
Following a relevant Disruption Event, the applicable valuation date may be postponed so long as the relevant 
disruption event continues, the Calculation Agent may determine the applicable exchange rate, the related date 
for payment or delivery may be deferred so long as the relevant disruption event continues or a fallback reference 
price source or sources may be used to calculate the rate instead of the originally designated price source. 
Furthermore, following an Additional Disruption Event, the Securities may be redeemed early (or on the originally 
designated date) by payment of the applicable early redemption amount rather than any amount that would have 
otherwise been calculated in respect of and due on the relevant date. As a consequence, Investors in any Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities may be affected by an adverse effect on (i) the value of, and/or amounts 
due in respect of, the Securities due to the occurrence of any Disruption Event and application of the related 
disruption fallback(s); or (ii) an investor's investment schedule, timetable or plans if any due date for payment 
under the Securities is postponed as a consequence of an Additional Disruption Event. 
See also risk factor "The Calculation Agent, which will be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, has 
broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Securityholders" below. 
There are specific risks relating to Inflation Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Securities where the redemption amount and/or interest payable is dependent upon the level 
of an inflation index or indices ("Inflation Linked Securities"). 
Investors in any such Securities should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Inflation Linked Securities 
(i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of the redemption amount and/or interest may 
occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In 
addition, the movements in the level of the inflation index or indices may be subject to significant fluctuations 
that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the 
relevant level of the inflation index or indices may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the change in the 
level is consistent with their expectations. 
An inflation index is only one measure for calculating inflation. The price inflation determined by an inflation 
index may differ from the price changes that the investor is exposed to. An inflation index can be subject to 
considerable fluctuations that are not related to the development of comparable other indices. An inflation index 
is regularly only calculated and published with a certain delay. This means that an inflation index can only reflect 
inflationary developments with a time lag and at the time of publication of the inflation index and also at the time 
on which payments linked to to the inflation index or indices are made on the Securities, the price trend may 
already have changed. The realisation of these risks may have an adverse impact on the value of the Securities. 
In certain circumstances following cessation of publication of the inflation index, the Calculation Agent may 
determine a successor inflation index and make adjustments to the terms of the Securities and such adjustments 
may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. In certain circumstances following cessation of 
publication of the inflation index, the Calculation Agent may determine that there is no appropriate alternative 
inflation index, in which case the Issuer may redeem the Securities early and investors may receive less than their 
initial investment in the Securities. See also risk factor "The Calculation Agent, which will be the Guarantor or 
an affiliate of the Guarantor, has broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the 
Securityholders" below. 
The market price of such Securities may be volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption date 
and the volatility of the level of the inflation index or indices. The level of the inflation index or indices may be 
affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions. See also risk factor ""The 
regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Securities linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks" 
There are specific risks relating to EUA Contract Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Securities where the redemption amount and/or interest payable is dependent upon the level 
of the value of the underlying EUA Contracts or the future contracts relating to such EUA Contract ("EUA 
Contract Linked Securities "). 
The market for carbon emission allowances or credits has emerged as a consequence of the Kyoto Protocol and 
covers both industrial and developing countries. Industrial countries are allocated emissions allowances under the

--- Page 57 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
57 
 
 
Kyoto Protocol. The EU introduced its own emission trading scheme in 2005 pursuant to Directive 2003/87/EC, 
as amended from time to time, which extends beyond the 2012 termination of the Kyoto Protocol. 
An EU Allowance corresponds to the emission of one tonne of carbon dioxide (CO2) equivalent during a specified 
period which is valid for meeting certain emissions related obligations. The EU's member states issue new EU 
Allowances annually to each company subject to the EU's emission trading scheme. These awards are made in 
accordance with an allocation plan approved by the European Commission which is based on the EU's application 
of the Kyoto Protocol's obligations to the industries covered by the EU's emission trading scheme. By April 30 in 
each year, companies are obliged to "surrender" a number of EU Allowances corresponding to their actual 
emissions in the preceding year. EU Allowances can also be rolled over from one year to the next if a company 
emits less carbon dioxide or carbon-equivalent greenhouse gas than the EU allowances it holds. EU Allowances 
have a limited or no value outside the EU's emissions trading scheme. 
Trading in carbon emissions is a developing market and is highly speculative and volatile. The carbon emissions 
trading market has been and may again be subject to temporary distortions or other disruptions due to various 
factors, including the lack of liquidity in the market, the participation of speculators and government regulation 
and intervention. In addition, in respect of the emissions trading market in Europe, EU allowances have allegedly 
been stolen or "phished" from the national registries of several European countries and from the carbon trading 
accounts of market participants. This has caused severe market disruption in the European carbon trading market 
with delivery of EU allowances suspended for significant periods. Any such disruption in the future would have 
a detrimental impact on the value or settlement of EUA Contract Linked Securities referencing EUA Contracts 
If a Market Disruption Event (as defined in EUA Contract Linked Condition 2 (Market Disruption) occurs or is 
continuing on a date for valuation in respect of EUA Contract Linked Securities, then the Issuer may take no 
action, require the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, to determine the adjustments (if any) to 
be made to the terms of the EUA Contract Linked Securities to reflect such event, or redeem the EUA Contract 
Linked Securities. Any such adjustment or early redemption of the Securities may have an adverse effect on the 
value and liquidity of such Securities and accordingly the amount Securityholders can expect to receive on their 
investment. 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that "EUA Contract Early Redemption Amount" is applicable in respect of 
EUA Contract Linked Securities, investors should be aware that where the Securities are subject to early 
redemption following a Market Disruption Event as described above then, in such circumstances, the amount 
payable on an early redemption of such Securities will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms or otherwise by reference, inter alia, to certain costs in relation to the early 
redemption and the value of two EUA Contracts specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Early Redemption 
Amount may be significantly less than the principal amount of the Securities or in some cases may be zero. The 
relevant prices of any such EUA Contracts may fluctuate due to various factors and as such affect the return on 
an investor's investment in the Securities. 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that the EUA Contract Linked Securities are "Rolling Futures Contract 
Securities", the reference price of the EUA Contract will be valued by reference to futures contracts with delivery 
months that do not match the Redemption Date of the EUA Contract Linked Securities. The Calculation Agent 
will select a new futures contract on each Futures Rollover Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. If it is 
impossible or materially impracticable to select a new futures contract and/or hedge the Issuer's obligations in 
respect of the EUA Contract Linked Securities, the consequences of a Market Disruption Event described above 
will apply. 
There are specific risks relating to Bond Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Securities where the redemption amount or the value of the Entitlement (as defined in 
General Condition 5(b)(v) and/or interest payable is dependent upon the price of or changes in the price of a bond 
("Bond Linked Securities"). Accordingly, an investment in Bond Linked Securities may bear similar market 
risks to a direct investment in such bond and investors should take advice accordingly. 
Investors in any such Securities should be aware that, depending on the terms of the Bond Linked Securities (i) 
they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of the redemption amount and/or interest may 
occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment if the 
value of the bond does not move in the anticipated direction. In addition, the movements in the price of the bond 
may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other

--- Page 58 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
58 
 
 
indices and the timing of changes in the relevant price of the bond may affect the actual yield to investors, even if 
the average price is consistent with their expectations. All these factors may affect the investments in the 
Securities. 
The market price of such Securities may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption 
date, the volatility of the bond, the distribution policy, the financial results, prospects and credit rating of the issuer 
or issuers of the relevant bonds as well as economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, 
including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such bond may be traded. 
Upon determining that a Bond Adjustment Event, Bond Event or Additional Disruption Event has occurred in 
relation to an underlying bond or the issuer of such underlying bond, the Calculation Agent has broad discretion 
to make certain determinations to account for such event including to (i) make adjustments to the terms of the 
Securities and/or (ii) (in the case of a Bond Event or an Additional Disruption Event) cause early redemption of 
the Securities, any of which determinations may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities. 
See also risk factor "The Calculation Agent, which will be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, has 
broad discretionary powers which may not take into account the interests of the Securityholders" below. 
6.2 
Risk Factors associated with Reference Item linked Securities 
Investors may lose some or all of their investment 
Reference Item Linked Securities are securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption amounts 
and/or interest payments, but amounts payable (whether in respect of redemption amount and/or interest) or 
entitlement amounts deliverable will be dependent upon the performance of the Reference Item, or a combination 
of Reference Items. Each type of Reference Item has it own risk profile and depends on various factors that can 
change its value and performance. These factors include credit, interest rate, foreign exchange, correlation, time 
value, political and/or other risks. All the factors accociated with an impact on the value of the Reference Item 
will also affect the Securities that are linked to Reference Item(s). Therefore Securityholders holding Reference 
Item Linked Securities are in addition to the risks related to the Securities in general also exposed to the risks of 
the relevant Reference Item(s). 
An investment in Reference Item Linked Securities therefore entails significant risks that are not associated with 
similar investments in a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security. These risks include the possibility that 
the holder of a Reference Item Linked Security could lose all or a substantial portion of the nominal amount of 
such Security (whether payable at maturity or upon early redemption or repayment), and that the resulting return 
on investment (if any) will be lower than on conventional debt securities issued by the Issuer around the same 
time or no return of investment will be achieved at all. To achieve a return on investment on a Reference Item 
Linked Security upon redemption an investor must generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude 
of an anticipated change in the value of the relevant Reference Item(s). 
Fluctuations in the value of the relevant Reference Item will affect the value of Reference Item Linked 
Securities 
The potential return on investment of Reference Item Linked Securities is directly dependent upon the value of 
the relevant Reference Item. Therefore, each change of the value of a Reference Item may directly affect the value 
of the Reference Item Linked Securities. If the Reference Item(s) perform unfavourably, the value of the Reference 
Item Linked Securities will be negatively affected. 
Investors may not receive any interest on Reference Item Linked Securities 
Investors should be aware that depending on the applicable conditions of Reference Item Linked Securities, no 
interest may be payable or the Securities may only pay interest if the value or performance of the Reference 
Item(s), as determined in accordance with the applicable conditions, being (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or 
equal to, (iii) less than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a specified barrier 
value. If such condition is not satisfied, then (a) (in the case of a coupon payment) no payment may be due, or (b) 
the relevant amount payable may be determined by reference to the performance of the relevant Underlying 
Asset(s) and may be less than the amount originally invested and lower than the amount an investor would have 
received had no such event occurred. This means that there is generally a greater risk of loss of the original 
invested amount.

--- Page 59 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
59 
 
 
A Securityholder does not have rights of ownership in the Reference Item(s) 
Investors should be aware that neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is under no obligation to hold a position in any 
Reference Item(s) and should note that the relevant Reference Item(s) that may be held by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor will not be held by them for the benefit of the investors and, as such, Securityholders will not obtain 
any rights of ownership, including, without limitation, any voting rights, any rights to receive dividends or other 
distributions or any other rights with respect to any Reference Item referenced by such Securities. As a result, 
Securityholders will not be able to exercise rights they would have as owner or have any recourse to any issuer of 
a Reference Item. 
With respect to Equity Linked Securities, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the Interest Amount 
and/or Final Redemption Amount will not reflect the payment of any dividends on the underlying share(s). 
Accordingly, the return on the Equity Linked Securities will not reflect the return an investor would realise if it 
actually owned share(s) and received dividends, if any, paid on those securities. Therefore, the yield to maturity 
based on the methodology for calculating the Final Redemption Amount will not be the same yield as would be 
produced if the share(s)were purchased directly and held for a similar period. 
With respect to the Index Linked Securities or the Custom Index Linked Securities, if the components of the 
indices are shares, Securityholders will not receive any dividends paid on those share(s) and will not participate 
in the return on those dividends unless the relevant index takes such dividends into account for purposes of 
calculating the relevant level. Accordingly, investors in Index Linked Securities or Custom Index Linked 
Securities may receive a lower payment upon redemption of such Securities than such investor would have 
received if the Securityholder had invested in the components of the index directly. 
With respect to Fund / ETF Linked Securities, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the Interest Amount 
and/or Final Redemption Amount will not reflect the payment of any dividends on the underlying fund shares or 
exchange traded fund shares, as the case may be. Accordingly, the return on the Fund / ETF Linked Securities 
will not reflect the return an investor would realise if it actually owned the underlying fund shares or exchange 
traded fund shares, as the case may be, and received dividends, if any, paid on those underlying fund shares or 
exchange traded fund shares, as the case may be. Therefore, the yield to maturity based on the methodology for 
calculating the Final Redemption Amount will not be the same yield as would be produced if the underlying fund 
shares or exchange traded fund shares, as the case may be, were purchased directly and held for a similar period. 
As a result, investors in Index Linked Securities, Custom Index Linked Securities, Equity Linked Securities or 
Fund / ETF Linked Securities may receive less return than expected. See also risk factors "There are specific risks 
relating to Index Linked Securities, "There are specific risks relating to Custom Index Linked Securities", There 
are specific risks relating to Equity Linked Securities", “Risks associated with non-U.S. securities markets for 
investors in 3(a)2 Notes” ", "There are specific risks relating to Fund Linked Securities" and "There are specific 
risks relating to ETF Linked Securities" above. 
It may not be possible to use the Securities as a perfect hedge against the market risk associated with investing 
in a Reference Item 
Investors intending to purchase Securities to hedge against the market risk associated with investing in a Reference 
Item should recognise the complexities of utilising Securities in this manner. For example, the value of the 
Securities may not exactly match the value of the Reference Item. Due to fluctuating supply and demand for the 
Securities, there is no assurance that their value will match movements in the value of the Reference Item. 
There are specific risks with regard to Securities linked to a combination of Reference Items 
An investment in Securities that are linked to a combination of Reference Items will entail significant risks not 
associated with an investment in a conventional debt security. A combination of the risks associated to the 
Reference Items may be significantly higher than the risks of each Reference Item considered on its own. On 
redemption of this type of Securities, the Securityholders will receive an amount (if any) or Entitlement (if any) 
determined by reference to the value of a combination of a number of different Reference Items. These Securities 
may pay interest calculated by reference to the value of the combination of a number of Reference Items.

--- Page 60 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
60 
 
 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates may take positions in or deal with the Reference 
Item(s) 
The Issuer and/or the Guarantor and their respective affiliates may engage in activities or arrangments in a range 
of capacities that may result in conflicts of interest between their own financial interests and those of 
Securityholders. 
The Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates may for example: 
(i) 
in the ordinary course of business, effect transactions for their own account or for the account of their 
customers (which may include the issuers of Reference Items) and hold positions where they benefit 
from an increase or drecrease of the value of the the Reference Item(s) or related derivatives; 
(ii) 
in connection with an offering of Securities, enter into one or more transactions with respect to the 
Reference Item(s) or related derivatives for example in connection with hedging or market-making 
activities; 
(iii) 
acting in a number of different capacities in relation to any Reference Item (including but not limited to 
an underlying Index (including a Custom Index), including, but not limited to, as issuer of the 
constitutients of the Index (or Custom Index, as the case may be), index sponsor, index administrator or 
calculation agent); 
(iv) 
act as financial advisers to certain issuers of Reference Items or reference entities; 
Each of activities could have an adverse affect on the value of the Reference Item(s) and therefore affect the price, 
liquidity or value of the relevant Securities and which could therefore be adverse to the interests of the relevant 
Securityholders. The Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates may from time to time possess or have 
access to information relating to Securities, the Reference Item(s), reference entities or any derivatives referencing 
them. None of the Issuer, the Gurantor and their respective affiliates is obliged (i) to disclose such information or 
(ii) to take into account the interest of Securityholders when engaging in such activities. 
Government Regulatory Action, Including Legislative Acts and Executive Orders, Could Result in Material 
Changes to the Composition of Reference Items and Could Negatively Affect Your Return on the Securities 
Government regulatory action, including legislative acts and executive orders, could cause material changes to 
the composition of the Reference Items depending on the nature of such government regulatory action and the 
Reference Items that are affected. For instance, pursuant to recent executive orders, U.S. persons are prohibited 
from engaging in transactions in publicly traded securities of certain companies that are determined to be linked 
to the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) military, intelligence and security apparatus, or securities that are 
derivative of, or are designed to provide investment exposure to such securities.  If government regulatory action 
results in the removal of stocks which are Reference Items and that have (or historically have had) significant 
weight in the Reference Items, such removal could have a material and negative effect on the levels of the 
Reference Items and, therefore, your return on the Securities. 
6.3 
Risk Factors relating to Securities with certain features 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Securities and an investor may lose 
some or all of the amount invested by it. 
There are risks associated with leveraged exposures 
Leverage involves the use of a number of financial techniques to increase the exposure to a Reference Item, and 
can therefore magnify both returns and losses. While the use of leverage allows for potential multiples of a return 
(assuming a return is achieved) when the Reference Item moves in the anticipated direction, it will conversely 
magnify losses when the Reference Item moves against expectations. If the relevant Securities (including Floating 
Rate Securities or Fixed Rate Securities) include leverage, potential holders of such Securities should note that 
these Securities will involve a higher level of risk, and that whenever there are losses such losses will be higher 
(other things being equal) than those of a similar Security which is not leveraged.

--- Page 61 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
61 
 
 
There are specific risks relating to Floating Rate Securities  
A key difference between Floating Rate Securities and Fixed Rate Securities is that interest income on Floating 
Rate Securities cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite 
yield of Floating Rate Securities at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be 
compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. In addition, the Issuer's ability to issue 
Fixed Rate Securities may affect the market value and secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Securities 
(and vice versa). See also risk factors "There are risks associated with leveraged exposures" and "The regulation 
and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks". 
There are specific risks relating to Fixed Rate Securities  
The market value of Fixed Rate Securities may fluctuate significantly in response to changes in interest rates and 
inflation expectations, and other factors that affect the demand and supply of fixed income securities. Investors 
may suffer losses if they sell Fixed Rate Securities at a lower price than they purchased them or if they hold them 
until maturity and receive less than the initial investment value in real terms, which means after accounting for 
inflation. 
There are specific risks with regard to Securities linked to the Worst Performing Reference Item 
Investors in Securities linked to the performance of the worst performing Reference Item are subject to the risk 
associated with the worst-performing Reference Item. This means, that irrespective of how the other Reference 
Items perform, if the Reference Item having the worst performance fails to meet specified thresholds, 
Securityholders may not receive one or more contingent payments and could lose some or all of their initial 
investment. Securities linked to a greater number of Reference Item(s) will tend to have a higher risk, compared 
with Securities linked to fewer Reference Item(s). In addition, the less correlated the Reference Item(s) are to each 
other, the relatively higher these risks are. With more Reference Item(s), it is more likely that the worst performing 
Reference Item will fail to meet specified thresholds that if the Securities were linked to a single Reference Item 
or fewer Reference Item(s). In addition, the lower the correlation between a pair or group of Reference Item(s) is, 
the greater the likelihood that one of the Reference Items will fail to meet specified thresholds.Although the 
correlation of the Reference Item(s)’ performance may change over the term of the Securities, the economic terms 
of the Securities, including specified thresholds and contingent payments are determined, in part, based on the 
correlation of the Reference Item(s)’ performance as of the Issue Date. All things being equal, higher contingent 
payments and lower specified thresholds are generally associated with lower correlation of the Reference Item(s). 
Therefore, if the performance of a pair or group of Reference Item(s) is not correlated to each other or is negatively 
correlated, the risk that a Securityholder will not receive any contingent payment or that a Securityholder will lose 
a significant portion or all of the initial investment is even greater despite lower specified thresholds. “Correlation” 
is a statiscal measures that describes the degree two or more  the Reference Item(s)’ move in relation to each 
other.. 
There are specific risks with regard to Securities linked to a Reference Item which is a single share 
The return on Securities linked to a single share, which may be negative, is directly linked to the performance of 
the Share. The level of the Share can rise or fall sharply due to factors specific to the Share and its issuer, such as 
stock or commodity price volatility, earnings, financial conditions, corporate, industry and regulatory 
developments, management changes and decisions and other events, as well as general market factors, such as 
general stock and commodity market volatility and levels, interest rates and economic, political and other 
conditions. Investors should conduct your own investigation into the issuer of the Share and the Share for your 
Notes. For additional information regarding the Share, investors should consult the applicable Issue Terms. 
There are specific risks with regard to Securities linked to Reference Items from one specific industry sector 
and/or indices or funds comprising such Reference Item(s) from one specific sector 
Securities that are linked to Reference Items from one specific industry sector and/or indices or funds comprising 
such Reference Item(s) from one specific sector are subject to risks associated with such industry sector. All or 
substantially all of the Reference Items included in certain baskets of shares and/or indices or funds comprising 
such Reference Items from one specific sector are issued by companies whose primary line of business is directly 
associated with such industry sector. In the case of events impacting companies active in such sector, the value of 
the Reference Items from one specific sector may move in the same direction at substantially the same time and/or 
experience a substantially similar level of volatility, i.e. the value of the Reference Items correlates with each

--- Page 62 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
62 
 
 
other. The same applies for market or economic factors impacting companies active in such sector in general. In 
those cases, such coordinated movement and/or volatility may have a more substantial impact on the value of the 
Securities linked thereto than if such Securities were linked to multiple Reference Items with a low level of 
correlation. Consequently investors in Securities that are linked to multiple Reference Items with a high degree 
of correlation may be exposed to greater risks of loss in case adverse events or developments occur with regard 
to one or more of the Reference Item than in case of Securities that are linked to multiple Reference Items with a 
low degree of correlation. 
There are risks associated with Securities with barrier feature(s) 
In the case of Securities with a barrier feature, amounts payable in respect of the Securities will be conditional on 
the value or performance of the Reference Item(s), as determined in accordance with the applicable conditions, 
being (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii) less than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a specified barrier value If such condition is not satisfied, then (a) (in the case of a coupon 
payment) no payment may be due, or (b) the relevant amount payable on redemption may be less than the amount 
originally invested and lower than the amount an investor would have received had no such event occurred. 
Higher contingent payments or lower specified thresholds may reflect greater expected volatility of  the 
Reference Item(s) and greater expected volatility generally indicates an increased risk that Securityholders may 
lose some or all  of their initial investment 
The economic terms of the Reference Item Linked Securities may include contingent payments and specified 
thresholds that are based, in part, on the expected volatility of the Reference Item(s). The greater the expected 
volatility of the Reference Item(s) as of the Issue Date, the greater the expectation is, as of that date, that the 
performance of the Reference Item(s) could fail to meet specified thresholds and, as a consequence, indicates an 
increased risk of not receiving any contingent payments and an increased risk that Securityholders may lose some 
or all of their investment. Typically, the higher the contingent payments compared to the yield payable by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor on conventional debt securities with a similar maturity, the higher the expected volatility 
may be for the Reference Item(s). Also, lower specified thresholds relative to otherwise comparable Reference 
Item Linked Securities may indicate a higher expected volatility for the relevant Reference Item(s). Therefore, 
relatively higher contingent payments may indicate an increased risk of loss. Further, relatively lower specified 
thresholds may not necessarily indicate that the Securities have a greater likelihood that Securityholders will 
receive a positive return on their initial investment. “Volatility” refers to the frequency and magnitude of changes 
in the performances of the Reference Item(s). 
Switchable Securities may result in materially lower investment returns 
In the case of Securities that are Switchable Securities, the Issuer has the right to switch the Interest Basis from a 
Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on a date specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. The Issuer may exercise this right in its sole and absolute discretion. If the Issuer exercises the right, the 
way in which the interest payable on the Securities (if any) is determined will change. These changes may be 
detrimental to investors and could result in materially lower investment returns. 
There are specific risks with regard to Securities providing for an Automatic Early Redemption 
In the case of Securities that provide for an automatic early redemption, the timing of redemption of such 
Securities is uncertain since the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event will be depedent upon the 
performance of the Reference Item(s). The term of their investment in the Securities may be limited to as early as 
the first Automatic Early Redemption Date. In the case of an unfavourable development of the value of the 
Reference Item(s), the redemption of such Securities may not occur until the scheduled maturity and the amount 
payable on redemption may be determined based on the unfavourable performance of the Reference Item(s) and 
may be less than the amount originally invested and lower than the amount an investor would have received had 
an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurred. 
Upon early redemption of the Securities as the result of an Automatic Early Redemption Event, investors will not 
participate in the future performance of the Reference Item(s) after the date of such early redemption. Investors 
in such Securities may incur additional transaction costs as a consequence of reinvesting proceeds received upon 
any early redemption and the conditions for such reinvestment may be less favourable than the relevant investor's 
initial investment in the Securities. This means that there is no guarantee that the investors would be able to 
reinvest the proceeds from an early redemption of the Securities at a comparable rate of return for a similar level

--- Page 63 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
63 
 
 
of risk. In addition, if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, no amounts payable under the Securities that 
would otherwise have been due after the Automatic Early Redemption Date will be paid. Generally,  the longer 
the Securities remain outstanding, the less likely the Securities will be automatic early redeemed due to the 
performance of the Reference Item(s) and the shorter time remaining for the performance of the Reference Item(s) 
to trigger an automatic early redemption. 
There are specific risks with regard to Securities providing for limited potential return 
In the case of Securities that provide for a limited potential return (e.g. Securities where the amounts payable are 
subject to a cap), investors will not participate in any performance of the Reference Item(s) that would result in 
amounts exceeding those limits. The potential return of the Securities will be limited regardless of the performance 
of the Reference Item(s) and may vary depending on the number of valuation dates. Therefore, an investment in 
such Securities may lead to a lower return than if the investor had made a direct investment in the Reference 
Item(s). 
There are risks associated with Physically Settled Securities 
Holders may receive physical delivery of shares, fund shares,  ETF shares or bonds in lieu of payment of cash 
amounts 
Where the Securities include the right of the Issuer to redeem, subject to the fulfilment of a particular condition, 
the Securities at their maturity by delivering shares, fund shares, ETF shares or bonds to the investor, the investor 
will receive such shares, fund shares, ETF shares or bonds rather than a monetary amount upon maturity. Holders 
will, therefore, be exposed to the issuer of such shares, fund shares, ETF shares or bonds and the risks associated 
with such shares, fund shares, ETF shares or bonds. Securityholders should not assume that they will be able to 
sell such shares, fund shares or ETF shares for a specific price after the redemption of the Securities, and in 
particular not for the purchase price of the Securities. The Securityholders will be exposed to any decline in the 
value of such shares, fund shares,  ETF shares or bonds between the Redemption Valuation Date and the Maturity 
Date. Under certain circumstances the shares, fund shares, ETF shares or bonds may only have a very low value 
or may, in fact, be worthless. Holders may also be subject to certain documentary or stamp taxes in relation to the 
delivery and/or disposal of such shares. 
There are certain requirements to be fulfilled and payments to be made by the Holder in order to receive 
Entitlement(s) in connection with Physically Settled Securities and the Issuer may decide to settle by way of cash 
payment instead in certain circumstances 
In order to receive the Entitlement in respect of a Security settled by way of Physical Delivery, the holder of such 
Security must deliver or send to the relevant Clearing System or Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) a duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice on or prior to the relevant time on the Cut-off Date and pay the relevant 
Expenses. If a Securityholder fails to deliver as required the certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership or 
certification that it is an eligible investor for U.S. securities law purposes, the Issuer may deliver what the 
Calculation Agent determines to be the fair market value of the Entitlement instead of the relevant assets. 
Securityholders may be required to pay certain expenses in relation to Physically Settled Securities 
Holders of Securities subject to Physical Delivery must pay all taxes and expenses relating to delivery of such 
Securities. As defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, "Expenses" includes all costs, taxes, duties 
and/or expenses including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, transfer tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes 
arising from the delivery of the Entitlement. 
Settlement disruption 
In the case of Securities which are redeemable by delivery of assets (other than Credit Linked Securities), if a 
Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the due date for redemption of the Securities, settlement will be 
postponed until the next Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption Event. 
The Issuer in these circumstances also has the right to pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount in lieu of 
delivering the Entitlement (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). 
If a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurs, the Issuer has the right, in lieu of delivery of the assets affected 
by such event, to pay the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount to the Securityholders. The Disruption Cash

--- Page 64 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
64 
 
 
Redemption Amount and/or the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount may be less than the fair market value of 
the Entitlement. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Securities linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
("EURIBOR") and other types of indices such as indices comprised of interest rates, equities, funds and foreign 
exchange rates and combinations thereof are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on Securities referencing such a benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation") among other things applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Securities linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
In addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such as EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and 
indices, including equity, commodity and "custom" indices or strategies, will in most cases be within scope of the 
EU Benchmark Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine 
the amount payable under, or tvalue of, certain financial instruments (including Securities listed on an EU 
regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility), and in a number of other circumstances. 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro 
area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the group issued its final statement, 
announcing completion of its mandate. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Securities linked to, 
referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.

--- Page 65 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
65 
 
 
Risks associated with the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event  
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Administrator/Benchmark Event (as defined in General Condition 6(l)) occurs in respect of Benchmark or other 
relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, a mid-swap rate) and/or any page on which such 
benchmark may be published (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable. Any of these fallback 
arrangements may result in lower interest and/or coupon and/or redemption amounts (including the possibility 
that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a successor benchmark, with the application of an adjustment 
spread (which could be positive, negative or zero)), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities to ensure the proper operation of the new benchmark, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and as more fully described in General Condition 6(l). It is possible that the adoption of a successor benchmark, 
including any adjustment spread, may result in any Securities linked to or referencing a Benchmark performing 
differently (which may include lower interest and/or coupon and/or redemption amounts and/or lower Rate of 
Interest ) than they would if the original Benchmark were to continue to apply in its current form. There is also a 
risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or intended at the relevant time. 
In addition, the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as defined in General Condition 6(l)) may lead 
to an early redemption of the Securities. Any redemption or expected redemption of the Securities following the 
occurrence of an (expected) Administrator/Benchmark Event may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity 
of such Securities and accordingly the return on investment Securityholders can achieve on their investment. 
There is no guarantee that the investors would be able to reinvest the proceeds from an Automatic Early 
Redemption of the Securities at a comparable rate of return for a similar level of risk 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any of the 
international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of 
Securities in making any investment decision with respect to any Securities referencing a benchmark. 
The implementation of SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes could adversely affect Securityholders 
Under the fallback provisions applicable to Securities that pay a floating rate of interest by reference to the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") (whether a compounded rate or the SOFR Index), if a particular SOFR 
Replacement or SOFR Replacement Adjustment (each as defined in General Condition 4(b)(iv)(4)) cannot be 
determined, then the next-available SOFR Replacement or SOFR Replacement Adjustment will apply. These 
replacement rates and adjustments may be selected or formulated by (i) the Relevant Governmental Body (as 
defined in General Condition 4(b)(iv)(4), (ii) ISDA or (iii) in certain circumstances, the Calculation Agent and/or 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent. 
In addition, the fallback provisions permit the Replacement Rate Determination Agent to make certain changes 
(which are defined in General Condition 4(b)(iv)(4) as "SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes") with 
respect to, among other things, the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest. 
The application of a SOFR Replacement and SOFR Replacement Adjustment and any implementation of SOFR 
Replacement Conforming Changes could reduce the amount of interest payable in respect of an interest period, 
which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for, the Securities. Further, there is no assurance 
that the characteristics of any SOFR Replacement will be similar to the then-current SOFR benchmark that it is 
replacing or that any SOFR Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of the then-current SOFR 
benchmark that it is replacing. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR, and €STR as reference rates for Securities that 
pay a floating rate of interest 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, in respect of the 
Securities will be determined by reference to SONIA, SOFR, or €STR, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, 
will be determined by reference to the Compounded Daily SONIA, Weighted Average SONIA, Compounded 
Daily SOFR (including on the basis of the SOFR Index published on the NY Federal Reserve Website), SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean, the USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate, or Compounded Daily €STR, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. In each case, such rate will differ from the relevant EURIBOR rate in a number of material respects, 
including (without limitation) that compounded daily rates or weighted average rates are backwards-looking, risk-
free overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, and single daily rates are risk-free overnight non-term 
rates, whereas EURIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-

--- Page 66 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
66 
 
 
element based on inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that EURIBOR, SONIA, SOFR, and 
€STR may behave materially differently as floating rates of interest in respect of the Securities. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  Certain 
administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. Hypothetical 
data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical performance data may 
be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. 
The level of such rates during the term of the Securities may bear little or no relation to historical levels.  Prior 
observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, 
may change in the future.  Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future 
performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
The ongoing development of compounded daily SONIA, SOFR, and €STR as reference rates in the capital 
markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-, SOFR-, and €STR-based rates for such markets and the 
market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Securities that reference a SONIA, SOFR, or €STR rate, as applicable. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR, or €STR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Securities referencing SONIA, SOFR, or 
€STR that are issued under the Programme. In contrast to Securities that pay a floating rate of interest referencing 
EURIBOR, if Securities referencing compounded daily or single daily SONIA, SOFR, or €STR are redeemed 
early and accrued interest is payable on such redemption in respect of a period which is not an Interest Period, the 
final Rate of Interest or Rate in respect of such Securities will only be determined at the due date for redemption. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA, SOFR, or €STR reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA, SOFR, or €STR in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Any such mismatch between the adoption of SONIA, SOFR, 
or €STR reference rates across these markets may adversely impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which a Securityholder has in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Securities referencing 
a SONIA, SOFR, or €STR rate and could have a material adverse impact on such Securityholders' investments. 
To the extent the SONIA, SOFR, or €STR rate is not published, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate 
of Interest or Rate will be determined using the fall-back provisions set out in the Conditions. Any of these fall-
back provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, 
the payments that would have been made on the Securities if the SONIA, SOFR, or €STR rate had been so 
published as expected as of the Issue Date of the Securities. In addition, application of the fall-back provisions 
may result in the effective application of a fixed rate of interest to the Securities. 
Investors will not know in advance the interest amount payable on Securities which is calculated by reference 
to SOFR, SONIA or €STR 
The Rate of Interest or Rate in respect of the Securities may be calculated by reference to SOFR, SONIA or €STR. 
Because each of SOFR, SONIA and €STR is an overnight funding rate, interest on Securities that reference SOFR, 
SONIA and €STR with Interest Periods longer than overnight will be calculated on the basis of (a) the arithmetic 
mean of the relevant Rate, over the relevant Interest Period, where the relevant Rate is fixed for a certain number 
of days prior to the end of such Interest Period or (b) a compounded relevant Rate (i) in respect of the Interest 
Period, provided that the relevant Rate used as the basis for calculation is that which was observed a specified 
number of days prior or (ii) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to the relevant Interest 
Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such Interest Period or (c) calculated by 
reference to the relevant index, as applicable. As a consequence of these calculation methods, the amount of 
interest payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant 
interest payment date. Investors therefore will not know in advance the interest amount which will be payable on 
such Securities and there is a possibility that such amount could be lower than expected and some investors may 
be unable or unwilling to trade such Securities without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely 
impact the liquidity of such Securities.

--- Page 67 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
67 
 
 
There are specifc risks in relation to Securities that are denominated in or linked to emerging market currencies 
Where the Securities are denominated in an emerging market currency or linked to one or more emerging market 
currencies, amounts determined to be due or deliverable in respect of such Securities may be significantly more 
volatile and subject to less certainty as to future rates than if the Securities were linked to currencies of more 
developed markets, for example emerging markets` currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis 
happening in the future. 
In particular, policies or actions of any relevant governments of the jurisdictions of such emerging markets 
currencies to which the Securities may be linked (the "Currency Jurisdictions") could adversely affect the 
relevant exchange rate(s) (such as through market interventions of their central banks or equivalent bodies; 
governmental action which changes or interferes with currency valuations or currency fluctuations that would 
otherwise occur in response to economic forces; and restrictions on foreign investment and currency convertibility 
or movement across borders). Non-governmental action may also directly or indirectly adversely affect the 
relevant exchange rates (such as through weak overall growth and performance of each applicable Currency 
Jurisdiction's economy and stock exchanges; political, economic and social uncertainty, including risks of 
nationalisation and expropriation of assets and natural disasters; or wars which affect any Currency Jurisdiction 
directly or indirectly). 
Investors should note that the risk of occurrence and the severity of consequence of the matters described above 
may be greater with respect to any emerging market jurisdiction than they otherwise would be in relation to more 
developed countries. Economies in emerging markets are generally more heavily dependent upon international 
trade, and accordingly, may be affected adversely by trade barriers, foreign exchange controls (including taxes), 
managed adjustments in relative currency values and other protectionist measures imposed or negotiated with 
countries with which they trade. 
The occurrence of any of the above circumstances may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities and 
amounts due (if any), or the date for payment thereunder. 
There are specific risks relating to Securities linked to Emerging Markets 
The Issuer may issue Securities where the amount payable on redemption or the interest payable is linked to 
Reference Items which consist of (i) securities, funds, ETFs or indices comprising securities of issuers that are 
located in, or subject to regulation in, emerging or developing countries, or (ii) securities which are denominated 
in the currency of, or are traded in, emerging or developing countries or (iii) currencies of emerging or developing 
countries. Investors should note that additional risks may be associated with investment in such Securities, 
including risks associated with political and economic uncertainty, adverse governmental policies, restrictions on 
foreign investment and currency convertibility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, possible lower levels of 
disclosure and regulation, and uncertainties as to the status, interpretation and application of laws including, but 
not limited to, those relating to expropriation, nationalisation and confiscation. Securities traded in emerging or 
developing countries tend to be less liquid and the prices of such securities more volatile. In addition, settlement 
of trades in some such markets may be slower and more subject to failure than in markets in developed countries. 
The probability of the occurrence of a disruption event and consequently loss of investment or profit by an investor 
may be higher for certain developing or emerging markets. 
Securities may be denominated in one currency and settled in another currency 
If the Issue Terms specify that the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are applicable, then such Securities are 
denominated in one currency (the "SER Subject Currency") but all or certain amounts due thereunder, as the 
case may be, are (or may be, if certain conditions such as a relevant exchange rate is at above or below a certain 
level(s)) are settled in another currency (the "Settlement Currency"). As such, the applicable amounts are 
converted by converting such amounts by reference to the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if not so specified, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the terms 
and conditions of the Securities. 
If the Issue Terms specify that the SER Intermediate Currency Requirements are applicable, then such Securities 
are denominated in one currency but all or certain amounts due thereunder, as the case may be, if any, are 
converted into an intermediate currency (the "SER Intermediate Currency") and then settled in the Settlement 
Currency. As such, the applicable amounts are converted by converting such amounts by reference to the

--- Page 68 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
68 
 
 
applicable Second Settlement Exchange Rate and then the second Settlement Exchange Rate, each as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms or, if not so specified, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the Securities. 
Securities are not principal protected in the SER Intermediate Currency or Settlement Currency even if the 
Securities are principal protected in the SER Subject Currency. If the denomination currency depreciates against 
the Settlement Currency or the SER Intermediate Currency, this will reduce the Settlement Currency amounts 
received (if any) under the Securities and an investor may receive less than their initial investment in the Securities. 
Where a fixed Settlement Exchange Rate or Second Settlement Exchange Rate is not specified in the Issue Terms, 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor have control over the Settlement Exchange Rate or the Second Settlement 
Exchange Rate and will not make any adjustment or change in the terms of the Securities in the event that exchange 
rates should become fixed, or in the event of any devaluation or revaluation or imposition of exchange or other 
regulatory controls or taxes, or in the event of other developments affecting the settlement currency, the 
denomination currency or any foreign currency. Investors will bear those risks. In addition, if an Unscheduled 
Holiday or a Price Source Disruption occurs in respect of the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate, the applicable 
disruption fallbacks may provide that the scheduled settlement exchange rate valuation date for such rate will be 
postponed, then this may result in deferral of the corresponding payment date under the Securities. If a date for 
payment is so postponed, this could adversely affect an investor's investment schedule, timetable or plans as they 
will receive amounts in respect of the Securities later than the originally scheduled date for payment. No interest 
will accrue or other amount will be payable by the Issuer in the event of any such delay. 
In addition, investments in UVR Inflation-Adjusted Securities may be adversely impacted due to the fact that the 
payments in respect of the UVR Inflation-Adjusted Securities are adjusted by reference to the UVR rate in effect 
on the applicable payment date and so investors are exposed to fluctuations in that rate. Where there is a UVR 
Event (as defined in Annex 1 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts), the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the UVR Inflation-Adjusted Securities are redeemed early at the Early Redemption Amount and 
interest will cease to accrue and no further interest will be payable from the Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Issue Date) immediately preceding such UVR Event. 
Where Securities are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of 
the issue price could lose all of its investment 
The relevant Issuer may issue Securities where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure 
by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of its Securities will result in the 
Securities redeeming early and could result in such investor losing all of its investment. 
There are risks associated with Securities to which Variation of Settlement applies 
If Variation of Settlement applies, the Issuer has the right to elect to deliver Relevant Assets in lieu of the Final 
Redemption Amount. Securityholders should be aware that in this regard they are exposed to the credit risk and 
performance of the Relevant Assets as to the extent that the value of such Relevant Assets falls below the value 
of the Final Redemption Amount, the Issuer is financially incentivised to exercise its option to deliver the Relevant 
Assets to the Securityholders. If the Relevant Assets are bonds, Securityholders should also take note of the fact 
that if such bond redeems prior to the Maturity Date for any reason, and the Issuer elects to vary settlement, the 
Issuer may deliver the redemption proceeds of such bond, which might be substantially less than the nominal 
amount of the bond. 
There are risks associated with Securities where denominations involve integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Securities which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
(as set out in the applicable Issue Terms) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it 
is possible that such Securities may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a Securityholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant 
time (i) may not be able to transfer such Securities and (ii) may not receive a definitive Security in respect of such 
holding (should definitive Securities be printed) and in each case would need to purchase a nominal amount of 
Securities such that its holding amounts to an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination.

--- Page 69 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
69 
 
 
If definitive Securities are issued, Securityholders should be aware that definitive Securities which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade. 
There are risks associated with Securities that are 3(a)2 Notes 
6.4 
Risk Factors regarding the purchase, holding and selling of Securities generally 
The Notes bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Holders of Notes bear the credit risk of the Issuer and the Guarantor. That is the risk that the Issuer or the Guarantor 
is not able to meet its obligations under such Notes, irrespective of how any principal, interest or other payments 
and/or assets deliverable under such Notes are to be calculated. In such circumstances Secityholders may lose 
some or all of their investment. 
Investors may lose the original invested amount 
Investors may lose all or some of their investment in the Securities, as the case may be, as a result of the occurrence 
of any one or more of the following events: 
(i) 
pursuant to Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer and the Guarantor of the Securities are 
subject to insolvency proceedings or some other event impairing the ability of each to perform some or 
all if its payment obligations under the Securities (such as the early intervention measures or resolution 
as described in Risk Factor "Risks related to early intervention and resolution"); 
(ii) 
pursuant to Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions, the terms of the relevant Securities do not provide 
for full repayment of the initial purchase price upon final maturity and/or mandatory early redemption of 
such Securities and the relevant Reference Item(s) perform in such a manner that the final redemption 
amount and/or mandatory early redemption amount is less than the initial purchase price; 
(iii) 
the investor seeks to sell the relevant Securities prior to their scheduled maturity, and the sale price of 
the Securities in the secondary market is less than the investor's initial investment; and 
(iv) 
the Securities are subject to certain adjustments in accordance with the terms and conditions of such 
Securities that may result in the scheduled amount to be paid or asset(s) to be delivered upon redemption 
being reduced to or being valued at an amount less than an investor's initial investment. 
The relevant market value of the Securities at any time is dependent on other matters in addition to the credit 
risk of the Issuer and Guarantor and the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s) 
The market value of the Securities at any time will be affected by a number of factors independent of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) and the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s), 
including: 
(i) 
changes in market parameters such price level of the underlying(s), interest rates, volatility and credit 
spreads; 
(ii) 
the time remaining to any redemption date or the Maturity Date; 
(iii) 
where the Reference Item(s) is/are equity securities, the dividend rate on reference item(s) and the 
financial results and prospects of the issuer of each Reference Item. 
The amount payable and/or deliverable in respect of Securities at any time prior to redemption is typically 
expected to be less than the trading price of such Securities at that time. The difference between the trading price 
and such amount will reflect, among other things, a "time value" for the Securities. The "time value" of the 
Securities will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to final redemption and expectations 
concerning the value of the relevant Reference Item(s). Certain market circumstances may adversely affect the 
liquidity of the Securities and holders may not be able to sell their Securities easily or may have to sell them at a 
price that significantly affect the amount they receive.

--- Page 70 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
70 
 
 
A Security's purchase price may not reflect its inherent value 
Investors in the Securities should be aware that the purchase price of a Security does not necessarily reflect its 
inherent value. Any difference between a Security's purchase price and its inherent value may be due to a number 
of different factors including, without limitation, prevailing market conditions and fees, discounts or commissions 
paid or accorded to the various parties involved in structuring and/or distributing the Security. Any such difference 
in value could negatively affect the return an investor may receive. For further information investors should refer 
to the party from whom they are purchasing the Securities. Investors may also wish to seek an independent 
valuation of Securities prior to their purchase. 
Securities which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of Securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Securities) or premium 
from their nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. The Issuer 
Price or the Offer Price may be more than the market value and more than the price, if any, at thwich any other 
person is willing to purchase Securities in secondary market transactions. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Securities may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Securities 
Securities may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, so investors should 
be prepared to hold their Securities until maturity. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Securities easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Securities that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Securities generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Securities. 
Potential conflicts of interest relating to distributors or other entities involved in the offer or listing of the 
Securities 
Investors should be aware that potential conflicts of interest may arise in connection with the Securities, as any 
distributors or other entities involved in the offer and/or the listing of the Securities as indicated in the Issue Terms, 
may act pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and for the Dealer and can receive 
commissions and/or fees on the basis of the services performed in relation to such offer and/or listing. 
In addition, the Issuer or one of its affiliates may act market maker, liquidity provider or specialist or perform 
other similar roles in connection with the Securities, including inter alia acting as intermediary performing the 
investment service of execution of orders; in such cases, the Issuer or one of its affiliates can purchase the 
Securities issued by itself. In light of the above circumstances potential conflicts of interest may exist between the 
Issuer and/or its affiliates acting in such capacity of owners/holders of the Securities and/or market maker, 
liquidity provider or specialist or intermediary on the one hand and investors in the Securities on the other. 
The Securities are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 
The Securities are not deposits or savings accounts and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance 
Corporation or any other governmental agency of the United States or any other jurisdiction. In the event that the 
Issuer or the Guarantor is unable to pay or settle the Issuer's obligations under the Securities, investors risk losing 
their entire investment. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Securities may not reflect all the risks associated 
with an investment in those Securities 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Securities (including on an 
unsolicited basis). The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above and do not address the price, if any, at which the Securities may be resold prior

--- Page 71 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
71 
 
 
to maturity (which may be substantially less than the original offering prices of the Securities), and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Securities. However, real or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit ratings or 
the credit ratings of the Securities will generally affect the market value of the Securities. Such change may, 
among other factors, be due to a change in the methodology applied by a rating agency to rating securities with 
similar structures to the Securities, as opposed to any revaluation of the Issuer's or the Guarantor's financial 
strength or other factors such as conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. A credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. Should the credit ratings of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Securities be revised, suspended 
or withdrawn this could result in increased interest and other expenses on the Issuer's and the Guarantor's future 
borrowings and, therefore, have a material adverse effect on the Guarantor's business, results of operations, and 
financial condition. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
"CRA Regulation") from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EU unless such ratings are issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the UE and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has 
not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EU credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant 
third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of  
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered 
credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional 
relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre- 2021 ratings, provided the 
relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Securities changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in 
the UE or the UK, as applicable, and the Securities may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in 
relevant regulated investors selling the Securities which may impact the value of the Securities and any secondary 
market. 
Although the Issuer is not subject to the general Spanish Bail-in Power or analogous bail-in tool, its 
creditworthiness may be affected by actions taken in respect of the GuaranteePursuant to BRRD and Law 11/2015, 
the Issuer and/or the Securities are not be subject to the general Spanish Bail-in Power or analogous bail-in tool. 
The Securities constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will at 
all times rank pari passu and rateably among themselves and at least pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions 
of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Guarantee in respect of the Securities and the agreements entered into between 
the Guarantor and the Issuer upon which the Issuer depends to pay interest and repay the nominal of the Securities 
to the Securityholders (the "Hedging Agreements"), according to the BRRD and Law 11/2015 (as defined in 
"Risks related to early intervention and resolution"), are liabilities of BBVA that are potentially subject to the 
Spanish Bail-in Power.

--- Page 72 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
72 
 
 
Exchange rate risks in connection with the Securities 
If an investor holds Securities which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, that investor will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition 
of exchange controls in relation to any Securities could result in an investor not receiving payments on those 
Securities 
The Issuer will pay redemption amount and interest on the Securities and the Guarantor will make any payments 
under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an 
investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease 
(1) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Securities, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the 
redemption amount payable on the Securities and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the 
Securities. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or Guarantor to make payments in respect 
of the Securities. As a result, investors may receive less interest or redemption amount than expected, or no interest 
or redemption amount. 
The Securities may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make 
gross up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could significantly 
adversely affect their return on the Securities. 
Spanish Tax Rules may impose withholding tax in certain circumstances (subject to certain exceptions) and 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is obliged to pay additional amounts in such event. 
Securities originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside of Spain 
According to the literal wording of Article 44.5 of RD 1065/2007, income derived from securities originally 
registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain, and are recognised by Spanish 
law or by the law of another OECD country (such as the Depository Trust Company ("DTC"), Euroclear or 
Clearstream), will be paid free of Spanish withholding tax provided that the Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer 
submits a statement to the Issuer, the form of which is included in the Agency Agreement, with the following 
information: 
(i) 
identification of the securities; and 
(ii) 
total amount of the income corresponding to each clearing system located outside Spain. 
These obligations refer to the total amount paid to investors through each foreign clearing house. For these 
purposes, "income means interest and the difference, if any, between the aggregate amount payable on the 
redemption of the Securities and the issue price of the Securities". 
In accordance with Article 44 of RD 1065/2007 as amended by RD 1145/2011, the relevant Paying Agent should 
provide the relevant Issuer with the statement on the business day immediately prior to each interest payment date. 
The statement must reflect the situation at the close of business of that same day. In the event that on such date, 
the entity(ies) obliged to provide the declaration fail to do so, the Issuer or the Paying Agent on its behalf will 
make a withholding at the general rate (currently 19 per cent.) on the total amount of the return on the relevant 
Securities otherwise payable to such entity. 
As described in "Tax reporting related to Article 100.3 of the Spanish Personal Income Tax Law" in "Spanish 
Taxation", the redemption of Implicit Yield Securities held by a Spanish Individual (should such Securities be 
subject to Spanish withholding tax), are subject to the duly accreditation of the acquisition and acquisition price 
in order for the securities to be redeemed, otherwise a deposit for said amount will be made at the disposal of the 
judicial authority in lieu of payment to the holder

--- Page 73 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
73 
 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer has agreed that in the event withholding tax should be required by law, 
the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as would have been received had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except as provided in Condition 7 and as otherwise described in this Base Prospectus. 
Potential U.S. Withholding Tax under FATCA 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and any regulations 
thereunder or official guidance in connection therewith, an agreement entered into with the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service (the "IRS") pursuant to such sections of the Code, or an intergovernmental agreement (an "IGA") between 
the United States and another jurisdiction in furtherance of such sections of the Code, or any non-U.S. laws or 
rules implementing an IGA (collectively referred to as "FATCA") may impose a withholding tax of 30 per cent. 
on payments made on the Securities (including payments made by financial intermediaries), unless various U.S. 
information reporting and due diligence requirements have been satisfied. If withholding is so required, under 
FATCA, the relevant Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to the amounts so 
withheld. The rules described in the foregoing may therefore affect the amounts paid to an investor on the 
Securities. 
See also "Taxation—United States Federal Taxation". 
Potential U.S. Withholding Tax on U.S. Dividend Equivalent Amounts 
Section 871(m) of the Code and the regulations thereunder require withholding (up to 30 per cent. depending on 
whether an income tax treaty applies) on payments or deemed payments made to non-U.S. persons on certain 
financial instruments to the extent that such payments are treated, for U.S federal income tax purposes, as being 
U.S.-source dividend equivalent amounts, which may be the case for Securities linked to U.S. equities or indices 
that include U.S. equities. 
If withholding is so required Section 871(m), the relevant Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts 
with respect to the amounts so withheld. Either of the foregoing rules may affect the amounts paid to an investor 
on the Securities. 
See also "Taxation—United States Federal Taxation". 
The U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Securities are complex and may be uncertain 
The U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Securities are complex. Additionally, for certain 
Securities, there are no direct legal authorities as to the proper treatment of the Securities for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, and, therefore, significant aspects of the U.S. federal income tax treatment of such Securities are 
uncertain. Please read the discussion under "Taxation—United States Federal Taxation." 
Investors should consult their tax advisers on the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the 
Securities. 
The Issuer of the Securities may be substituted without the consent of the Securityholders 
The conditions of the Securities provide that the Issuer of the Securities may be replaced as obligor under such 
Securities with the Guarantor or any company from BBVA's group. Whilst the new issuer will provide an 
indemnity in favour of the Securityholders in relation to any additional tax or duties that become payable solely 
as a result of such substitution, Securityholders will not have the right to object to such substitution. See General 
Condition 16 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Securities". Any such substitution may have an adverse effect 
on the value of the Securities. 
The value of the Securities could be adversely affected by a change in English law, New York law or 
administrative practice 
The General Conditions (except for General Condition 18 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Securities") of the 
Securities are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The New York Law Guarantee 
and 3(a)(2) Notes in which New York law is specified as the governing law in the relevant Pricing Supplement, 
will be governed by New York law in effect at the time of issuance. No assurance can be given as to the impact 
of any possible judicial decision or change to English and New York law or administrative practice after the date

--- Page 74 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
74 
 
 
of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Securities affected 
by it. 
CREST Depository Interests 
Investors who hold interests in the Securities through Euroclear UK & International Limited ("CREST") through 
dematerialised depository interests ("CREST Depository Interests") will not be the legal owners of the Securities 
(the "Underlying Securities") to which such CREST Depository Interests relate. CREST Depository Interests are 
separate legal instruments from the Underlying Securities and represent indirect interests in the interests of the 
CREST Nominee in such Underlying Securities. The "CREST Manual" consists of a number of documents which 
set out the legal relationship of CREST with its users and participants. 
The Underlying Securities (as distinct from the CREST Depository Interests representing indirect interests in such 
Underlying Securities) will be held in an account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the Underlying 
Securities through the relevant Clearance System. The legal title to the Underlying Securities or to interests in the 
Underlying Securities will depend on the rules of the relevant Clearance System in or through which the 
Underlying Securities are held. 
CREST International Nominees Limited or another entity appointed to act as nominee (the "CREST Nominee") 
in accordance with the CREST Global Deed Poll (in the form from time to time contained in Chapter 8 of the 
CREST International Manual (which forms part of the CREST Manual) (the "CREST Deed Poll")) will hold the 
legal title to the Underlying Securities and the direct enforcement right in respect of the Underlying Securities. 
Rights in respect of the Underlying Securities cannot be enforced by holders of CREST Depository Interests 
except indirectly through CREST Depository Limited or any successor thereto (the "CREST Depository") and 
the CREST Nominee who in turn can enforce rights indirectly through the intermediary depositaries and 
custodians described above. The enforcement of rights in respect of the Underlying Securities will therefore be 
subject to the local law of the relevant intermediary. 
These arrangements could result in an elimination or reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been 
made in respect of the Underlying Securities in the event of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant 
intermediary, in particular where the Underlying Securities held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose 
accounts and are fungible with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the 
relevant intermediaries. 
Holders of CREST Depository Interests will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all 
provisions of or prescribed pursuant to the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules applicable to the 
CREST International Settlement Links Service (in each case as contained in the CREST Manual). Investors in 
CREST Depository Interests should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and the CREST Manual 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules) 
contain indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be given by holders of CREST Depository 
Interests and limitations on the liability of the CREST Depository as issuer of the CREST Depository Interests. 
Holders of CREST Depository Interests may incur liabilities pursuant to or resulting from a breach of any such 
indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them and the rights 
of and returns received by holders of CREST Depository Interests may differ from those of holders of Securities 
which are not represented by CREST Depository Interests. 
Investors in CREST Depository Interests should note that holders of CREST Depository Interests may be required 
to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service. 
6.5 
Risk Factors relating to termination and adjustment rights of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the 
Calculation Agent 
The Securities may be redeemed by the Issuer prior to maturity at the option of the Issuer 
The Issue Terms for a particular issue of Securities may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Securities. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, the market value of those Securities generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer 
may be expected to redeem Securities when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Securities

--- Page 75 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
75 
 
 
This means that in circumstances where the market interest rate decreased compared to the interest that is payable 
under the Securities, the risk that the Issuer will exercise its optional termination right increases. In such a 
situation, (i) the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of 
the Securities may be lower than the purchase price for the Securities paid by the Securityholder and (ii) an 
investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the 
interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Investors 
may be exposed to reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The Securities may be redeemed by the Issuer prior to maturity for taxation or illegality reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts in respect of any Securities due to any 
withholding as provided in General Condition 7 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" or the 
performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities or any arrangements made to hedge its obligations 
under the Securities has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part, the Issuer 
may or be required to redeem all of the Securities then outstanding in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
of the Securities. 
As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face 
amount of the Securities may be lower than the purchase price for the Securities paid by the Securityholder. As a 
consequence, the Securityholder may not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors 
that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities 
with a lower yield than the redeemed Securities. 
The Calculation Agent, which will be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, has broad discretionary 
powers which may not take into account the interests of the Securityholders 
As the Calculation Agent will be the Guarantor or an affiliate of the Guarantor, potential conflicts of interest may 
exist between the Calculation Agent and the Securityholders, including with respect to the exercise of the very 
broad discretionary powers of the Calculation Agent. For example, the Calculation Agent has the authority (i) to 
determine whether certain specified events and/or matters so specified in the conditions relating to a Tranche of 
Securities have occurred and (ii) to determine any resulting adjustments and calculations or substitutions as 
described in such conditions. Investors should be aware that any determination made by the Calculation Agent 
may have an impact on the value and financial return of the Securities or result in the occurrence of an early 
repayment at an amount less than an investor's initial investment. Any such discretion exercised by, or any 
calculation made by, the Calculation Agent (in the absence of manifest or proven error) shall be binding on the 
relevant Issuer and all Securityholders. 
If a Reference Item Linked Security includes Market Disruption Events or Failure to Open of an Exchange 
and the Calculation Agent determines such an event has occurred, any consequential postponement of the 
Scheduled Valuation Date may have an adverse effect on the Securities 
If an issue of Reference Item Linked Securities includes provisions dealing with the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange on a Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Market Disruption Event or failure to open of an exchange has occurred or exists on such date, 
any consequential postponement of the Valuation Date or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in any 
such Securities may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Securities. The timing of such dates 
(as scheduled or as so postponed or adjusted) may affect the value of the relevant Securities such that the 
Securityholder may receive a lower redemption amount and/or interest amount or other payment under the relevant 
Securities than otherwise would have been the case. The occurrence of such a Market Disruption Event or failure 
to open of an exchange in relation to any Reference Item comprising a basket may also have such an adverse 
effect on Securities related to such basket. In addition, any such consequential postponement may result in the 
postponement of the date of redemption of the Securities. 
Risks relating to payment disruption events 
Where the applicable Issue Terms states that Payment Disruption Event applies, if a disruption event occurs which 
prohibits or prevents the Issuer from making a payment in respect of the Securities, such payment will be 
postponed to the earlier of: (i) the date falling 2 business days after the date on which such disruption event is no 
longer occurring or (ii) a date falling 30 calendar days following the scheduled due date for payment of the relevant 
amount, which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue

--- Page 76 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
76 
 
 
and no event of default will result on account of such postponement. In the event the payment is postponed in 
accordance with (ii) above, the Issuer shall make payment of the relevant amount in U.S. Dollars, using an 
exchange rate to be determined by the Calculation Agent. As such, investors should note that they may be paid in 
a currency that is different from their investment and which may negatively impact the return on their investment. 
Risk in connection with the process of public offerings of Securities  
The applicable Issue Terms of Securities may provide that, the Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, have the right to withdraw or revoke the offer. Upon such withdrawal or revocation the 
offer the relevant Securities will not take place. Where the Issuer cancels a public offer or issuance of Securities 
and investors have already paid the issue price for such Securities, the issue price will be repaid to them. 
In such case, investors will not receive any interest or other compensation payment in respect of the time period 
between the date of cancellation of the public offer or issuance of the Securities and the date of repayment of the 
issue price and investors may only be able to re-invest the repaid issue price on less favourable terms. 
The applicable Issue Terms of Securities may also provide that the Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms have the right to terminate the offer early by (i) immediately suspending the acceptance 
of additional subscriptions or subscription requests and (ii) publishing a notice in accordance with the applicable 
Issue Terms. Any such termination may occur, even if the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that 
offer (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), has not been reached and, in such circumstances, the early 
termination of the offer may have an impact on the aggregate number of Securities issued and, therefore, an 
adverse effect on the liquidity of the Securities. Due to a lack of liquidity, the investors may not be able to sell the 
Securities at all or only while incurring losses of invested capital. 
In addition, under certain circumstances, the subscription period for a Security specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms may be extended, in which case the original Issue Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms may be 
postponed. With respect to such a scenario, potential investors should be aware that the postponement of the Issue 
Date would ultimately result in a later investment of the investment amount of an investor who already subscribed 
for the Security. In case of Securities that provide for interest payments, in such case, the Interest Commencement 
Date is also postponed, with the effect that the investment amount only accrues interest at a later date. 
Furthermore, investors should note that where Securities are offered by the Issuer to the public directly on the 
secondary market by way of a direct listing, the yield of the Securities may be reduced because the purchase price 
of the Securites on the secondary market may be higher than the Issue Price. 
The relevant Issue Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of the offer of Securities is conditional upon 
admission to listing or to trading on the relevant regulated market and/or multilateral trading facility indicated in 
the relevant Issue Terms, occurring by the Issue Date. In such case, in the event that admission to listing or trading 
of the Securities does not take place by the Issue Date for whatever reason, the Issuer may withdraw the offer, the 
offer will be deemed to be null and void and the relevant Securities will not be issued. As a consequence, the 
potential investor will not receive any Security, any subscription rights the potential investor has for the Securities 
will be cancelled and he/she will not be entitled to any compensation therefor. 
The issue price and/or offer price of the Securities may include subscription fees, placement fees, direction fees, 
structuring fees and/or other additional costs. Any such fees and/or costs may not be taken into account for the 
purposes of determining the price of such Securities on the secondary market and could result in a difference 
between the original issue price and/or offer price, the theoretical value of the Securities, and/or the actual bid/offer 
price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. Any such difference may have an adverse effect on the 
value of the Securities, particularly immediately following the offer and the issue date relating to such Securities, 
where any such fees and/or costs may be deducted from the price at which such Securities can be sold by the 
initial investor in the secondary market. 
Where Securities are offered to the public, as the relevant Dealer(s) and any distributors act pursuant to a mandate 
granted by the Issuer and they receive fees on the basis of the services performed and the outcome of the placement 
of such Securities, potential conflicts of interest could arise. 
In addition, in case of Securities to be listed on MOT, if it is indicated in the Issue Terms that the Issuer will adopt 
the distribution process on the MOT described in article 2.4.3, paragraph 7 of the rules of the markets organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana, the circumstance that, pursuant to this distribution process, potential investors can

--- Page 77 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
77 
 
 
monitor (via market operators) the progress of the proposed purchases of the Securities during the offer period, 
may have an impact on the progress and results of the offer. Investors should also note that, pursuant to distribution 
process on the MOT indicated above, the proposed acquisition of the Securities during the offer period does not 
constitute conclusion of the contract, which remains subject to confirmation of the correct execution of the order 
and the issuance of the Securities. 
6.6 
Risk Factor relating to Sustainable Securities 
The application of an amount equal to the net proceeds of Sustainable Securities as described in "Use of 
Proceeds" may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor's investment criteria. 
Investors in any Securities where the applicable Issue Terms are stated to be for "Green Projects", "Social Projects" 
or a combination of "Green Projects" and "Social Projects", as described in "Use of Proceeds" below ("Green 
Securities", "Social Securities" or "Sustainability Securities", respectively, and, together, "Sustainable 
Securities"), should have regard to the information in "Use of Proceeds" regarding the use of the net proceeds of 
those Sustainable Securities and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose 
of any investment in such Sustainable Securities together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers that the use of such 
proceeds for any Eligible Projects (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section below) will satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply (including, amongst others, the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy (as both terms are defined 
below), or, to the extent applicable to the Securities, the Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds 
and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds 
(the “European Green Bond Regulation”), or Regulation EU 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the 
UK by virtue of the EUWA, or any further regulations or standards that may be approved or created or by its own 
by-laws or governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related to, the Guarantor’s 
Sustainable Debt Financing Framework.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", 
"social" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project to be defined as "green", "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any 
assurance be given that such a clear consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus 
will not significantly change. 
A basis for the determination of such "green" project definition has been established in the EU with the publication 
in the Official Journal of the EU on June 22, 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of June 18, 2020 (the "Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy"). The EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the European Commission 
through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation (including for example, through Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2021/2139). 
In addition, the European Green Bond Regulation entered into force on 20 December 2023 and will apply from 
21 December 2024. This regulation includes a set of requirements that securities shall comply with in order to be 
labelled as “European Green Bonds” or “EUGB”, in particular the full allocation (before the maturity of any 
European Green Bond) of the proceeds of such bonds to economic activities aligned with the Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation in accordance with the categories set forth in Article 4 of the European Green Bond 
Regulation. Additionally, the European Green Bond Regulation establishes specific transparency requirements, 
with which issuers shall comply with prior and post an issuance of bonds labelled as “European Green Bonds” or 
“EUGB”. However, as of the date of this Base Prospectus further guidelines are to be developed by the European 
Commission in relation to the European Green Bond Regulation. 
Therefore, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time. Any Green Securities issued under 
the Programme will not be compliant with the European Green Bond Regulation and are only intended to comply 
with the requirements and processes in the Guarantor's Sustainable Debt Financing Framework. It is not clear if 
the establishment of the “EUGB” label could have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green bonds 
that do not comply with the requirements of the European Green Bond Regulation, such as the Green Securities

--- Page 78 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
78 
 
 
issued under this Programme. This could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect 
the market price of any Green Securities issued under this Programme that do not comply with the EU Green 
Bond Regulation.  
While the Guarantor's Sustainable Debt Financing Framework (November 2022) published on its website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/202212-BBVA-Sustainable-Debt-
Financing-Framework.pdf) (including as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise updated on such website 
from time to time where so specified, the "Sustainable Debt Financing Framework") is in alignment with the 
relevant objectives for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, until the technical screening criteria for such 
objectives have been developed it is not known whether the Sustainable Debt Financing Framework will satisfy 
those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once the technical screening 
criteria are established, is not certain and no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", 
"social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Projects. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, 
assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Guarantor) which may or 
may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Sustainable Securities and in particular with any 
Eligible Projects to fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria (including, without 
limitation, the requirements envisaged in the draft European Green Bond Regulation, if and to the extent finally 
approved). Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor should 
be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or 
hold any such Sustainable Securities. Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is only current as of 
the date it was issued. Investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such report, assessment, 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such report, assessment, 
opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Sustainable Securities. Currently, the providers 
of such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or 
other regime. 
In the event that any Sustainable Securities are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance 
given or made by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Sustainable Securities or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Sustainable Securities. 
While it is the intention of the Guarantor, to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Sustainable 
Securities and obtain and publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially 
in, the manner described in "Use of Proceeds", there can be no assurance that the Guarantor will be able to do 
this. Nor can there be any assurance that any Eligible Projects will be completed within any specified period or at 
all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated 
by the Guarantor. 
Additionally, their labelling as Sustainable Securities will not have any impact on the status of such Securities or 
the Guarantee as indicated in Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. 
Any such event or failure by the Guarantor to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Sustainable Securities for any 
Eligible Projects, or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, as well as 
the existence of any potential mismatch between the duration of the Eligible Projects and the term of any 
Sustainable Securities will not (i) constitute an event of default under the relevant Sustainable Securities, or (ii) 
give rise to any other claim or right (including any right to accelerate the Securities) of a holder of such Sustainable 
Securities against the Issuer, or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Securities or be a relevant

--- Page 79 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
79 
 
 
factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any 
Securities, as the case may be. 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Guarantor's Sustainable Debt 
Financing Framework and the relevant information contained in this Base Prospectus and seek advice from their 
independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of any Green, Social or 
Sustainability Securities before deciding to invest. The Guarantor's Sustainable Debt Financing Framework may 
be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from 
time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The 
Guarantor's Sustainable Debt Financing Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Sustainable Securities are issued subject to their applicable terms and conditions including, without limitation, 
in relation to their interest payments (if any), redemption and events of default as described in the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities" and the applicable Issue Terms, regardless of the issue of such Securities as 
Sustainable Securities. 
Further, the performance of the Sustainable Securities will in no circumstances be linked to the performance of 
any Eligible Projects that may be identified by the Guarantor and no segregation of assets and liabilities regarding 
any Sustainable Securities or Eligible Projects will occur at any time. Payments on any Sustainable Securities 
shall not depend on the performance of any Eligible Project nor will holders of any Sustainable Securities have 
any preferred right against the assets of any Eligible Project. 
The withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Guarantor is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying 
on, and/or any such Sustainable Securities no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Sustainable Securities 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. 
6.7 
Risks Relating to Renminbi Securities 
Securities settled in Renminbi, which may be settled in Renminbi or pay interest or coupon in Renminbi 
("Renminbi Securities") may be issued under the Programme.  Renminbi Securities contain particular risks for 
potential investors that are set out below. 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on remittance of Renminbi into 
and outside the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of Renminbi Securities. 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present.  The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar.  
However, there has been significant reduction over the years by the PRC government of control, particularly over 
trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign 
exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
Currently, participating banks in Hong Kong and a number other jurisdictions have been permitted to engage in 
the settlement of Renminbi current account trade transactions. However, remittance of Renminbi by foreign 
investors into and out of the PRC for the purposes of capital account items, such as capital contributions, is 
generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings 
with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in 
the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items are developing 
gradually. 
Although starting from 1 October 2016, Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights (the international 
reserve assets created by the International Monetary Fund to supplement its member countries' official reserves) 
basket created by the International Monetary Fund and policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to 
settle cross-border transactions in foreign currencies were implemented by the People's Bank of China, the central 
bank of the PRC (the "PBOC") in 2018, there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to gradually 
liberalise control over cross border remittance of Renminbi in the future or that new regulations in the PRC will

--- Page 80 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
80 
 
 
not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi 
into or outside the PRC.  Further, if any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have the effect 
of permitting or restricting (as the case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions 
categorised as capital account items, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific 
requirements or restrictions set out in such rules.  In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in 
Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to 
source Renminbi to finance its obligations under Renminbi Securities. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of Renminbi 
Securities and the Issuer's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service such Renminbi Securities. 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.  While the PBOC has entered into agreements on the clearing 
of Renminbi business with financial institutions (each a "RMB Clearing Bank"), including, but not limited to, 
Hong Kong and are in the process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in a number of 
other jurisdictions (the "Settlement Arrangements"), the current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets 
outside the PRC is limited.  
There are restrictions imposed by the PBOC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-border 
Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. Furthermore, Renminbi 
business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from the PBOC.  The relevant RMB 
Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC for the purpose of squaring open 
positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions.  The relevant RMB Clearing Bank is not obliged 
to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or 
conversion services and the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from outside the PRC to square such 
open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange.  There is no assurance 
that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will not be terminated or 
amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC.  The 
limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the Renminbi Securities.  To the 
extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service the Renminbi Securities, there is no 
assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all.  If Renminbi is not 
available in certain circumstances as described in the General Conditions applicable to Renminbi Securities, the 
Issuer can make payments in U.S. dollars or other specified currencies as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Investment in Renminbi Securities is subject to exchange rate risks. 
The value of Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors.  
In August 2015, the PBOC implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily midpoint against 
the U.S. dollar to take into account market maker quotes before announcing the daily midpoint. This change, 
among others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the Renminbi against other 
currencies.  All payments with respect to Renminbi Securities will be made in Renminbi unless otherwise 
specified.  As a result, the value of these Renminbi payments in other foreign currency terms may vary with the 
prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace.  If the value of Renminbi depreciates against other foreign 
currencies, the value of investment in other applicable foreign currency terms will decline. 
In the event that access to Renminbi becomes restricted to the extent that, by reason of Renminbi Inconvertibility, 
Renminbi Non Transferability or Renminbi Illiquidity (as defined in the General Conditions), it is impossible, 
impractical, illegal or impracticable for the Issuer (or, any of its Affiliate), to pay or deliver any amounts or assets 
due in Renminbi, the General Conditions allow the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, to delay such 
payment in Renminbi until ten Business Days after such time the relevant Renminbi Currency Event ceases to 
exist; to make payment in U.S. dollars or other specified foreign currency at the prevailing spot rate of exchange; 
and/or to redeem the Securities by payment of the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Calculation 
Amount, all as provided in more detail in the General Conditions.  As a result, the value of these Renminbi 
payments or deliveries may vary with the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace.  If the value of Renminbi 
depreciates against the U.S. dollar or other foreign currencies, the value of a holder's investment in U.S. dollar or 
other foreign currency terms will decline.

--- Page 81 ---
RISK FACTORS 
 
 
 
 
 
81 
 
 
Payments in respect of Renminbi Securities will only be made to investors in the manner specified in the terms 
and conditions of the relevant Securities. 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in the Renminbi Settlement Centre(s).  All Renminbi payments to 
investors in respect of the Renminbi Securities will be made solely (i) for so long as the Renminbi Securities are 
represented by a Global Security held in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any alternative clearing 
system, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) in accordance 
with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures, or (ii) for so long as Renminbi 
Securities are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in the Renminbi Settlement 
Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations.  Other than as described in the General Conditions, 
neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor can be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other 
currency or in bank notes or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
An investment in Renminbi Securities is subject to risk of change in the regulatory regime governing the 
issuance of Renminbi Securities. 
Renminbi Securities issuance is subject to laws and regulations of the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s). 
The PRC Government currently views Hong Kong as one of the key offshore Renminbi settled instrument centres 
and has established a cooperative relationship with Hong Kong's local government to develop the Renminbi settled 
instrument market. There can be no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to encourage issuance of 
Renminbi settled instruments outside of mainland China and any change in the Chinese government's policy or 
the regulatory regime governing the issuance of Renminbi settled instruments may adversely affect the Renminbi 
Securities. 
An investment in fixed rate Renminbi Securities is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised its regulation of interest rates in recent years.  Further liberalisation 
may increase interest rate volatility.  In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets outside the PRC may 
significantly deviate from the interest rate for Renminbi in the PRC as a result of foreign exchange controls 
imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
If a Renminbi Security carries a fixed interest rate, then the trading price of such Renminbi Securities will vary 
with the fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates.  If an investor in Renminbi Securities tries to sell such Renminbi 
Securities, then it may receive an offer that is less than the amount invested. 
There may be PRC tax consequences with respect to investment in the Renminbi Securities 
In considering whether to invest in the Renminbi Securities, investors should consult their individual tax advisers 
with regard to the application of PRC tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences arising 
under the laws of any other tax jurisdictions. The value of the Securityholder's investment in the Renminbi 
Securities may be materially and adversely affected if the Securityholder is required to pay PRC tax with respect 
to acquiring, holding or disposing of and receiving payments under those Renminbi Securities.

--- Page 82 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
 
 
 
82 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus 
and have been filed with the Central Bank, shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited annual financial statements of BBVA Global Markets B.V. for the financial years ended on December 
31, 
2023 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/BBVA-Global-Markets-
Memoria-2023.pdf) 
and 
December 
31, 
2022 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/BBVA-Global-Markets-Memoria-2022_PDF.pdf) prepared in accordance with EU-
IFRS and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code; 
(b) 
the audited annual financial statements of BBVA Global Securities B.V. for the financial years ended on 
December 31, 2023 (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/BBVA-Global-
Securities-Memoria-2023.pdf) and December 31, 2022 (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/Memoria-BBVA-Global-Securities_2022.pdf) prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS 
and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code 
(c) 
the unaudited consolidated interim report of the Guarantor corresponding to the three month period ended March 
31, 
2024 
available 
on 
the 
Guarantor's 
website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/Group-interim-financial-statements-and-Management-Report-March24.pdf) 
the 
English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as at, and for, the financial 
year ended December 31, 2022 (which includes for comparison purposes financial data for the years ended on 
December 31, 2021 and 2020) (the "2022 Consolidated Financial Statements"), and the audit report issued in 
respect thereof, prepared in compliance with EU-IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board 
(the "IFRS-IASB"), reflecting the Bank of Spain Circular 4/2017 of November 27 (as amended), and any other 
legislation governing financial reporting applicable to the Group in Spain and the audit report issued in respect 
thereof and the information on alternative performance measures on pages 193 to 207 (inclusive) of the 
"Consolidated Management Report – BBVA Group 2022" (the "2022 Consolidated Management Report") 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/5_2_2022_Consolidated_Annual_Accounts_and_Management_Report.pdf); and 
(d) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as at, and for, the financial 
year ended December 31, 2023 (which includes for comparison purposes financial data for the years ended on 
December 31, 2022 and 2021), and the audit report issued in respect thereof, prepared in compliance with the 
IFRS-IASB, the EU-IFRS, reflecting the Bank of Spain Circular 4/2017 of November 27 (as amended), and any 
other legislation governing financial reporting applicable to the Group in Spain and the audit report issued in 
respect thereof and the information on alternative performance measures on pages 295 to 308 (inclusive) of the 
Management Report 2023 (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/BBVA-
Group-Consolidated-financial-statements-and-Management-Report-2023.pdf); 
Additionally, the terms and conditions contained in the following Base Prospectus, which has previously been published 
and has been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (contained at pages 69 to 128), the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Payouts (contained at pages 129 to 173), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Securities 
(contained at pages 174 to 188), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked Securities (contained at 
pages 189 to 205), the Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Securities (contained at pages 206 to 
222), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities (contained at pages 223 to 233), the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Securities (contained at pages 234 to 239), the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities (contained at pages 240 to 250) the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities (contained at pages 251 to 327) and the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for EUA Contract Linked  Securities (contained at pages 328 to 336), in each case, of the 
Issuer's Base Prospectus dated June 23, 2023 which is available on the Guarantor's website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/BBVA-Structured-Medium-Term-
Securities-Programme-2023.pdf); 
(ii) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (contained at pages 61 to 120), the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Payouts (contained at pages 121 to 159), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Securities 
(contained at pages 160 to 174), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Equity Linked Securities (contained at

--- Page 83 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
 
 
 
83 
 
 
pages 175 to 191), the Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Securities (contained at pages 192 to 
209), the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Securities (contained at pages 210 to 220), the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Securities (contained at pages 221 to 226), the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities (contained at pages 227 to 238) the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities (contained at pages 239 to 312) and Additional 
Terms and Conditions for EUA Contract Linked Securities (contained at pages 313 to 320), in each case, of the 
Issuer's Base Prospectus dated June 24, 2022 which is available on the Guarantor's website 
((https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/2022-SMTN-Programme-June-
2022.pdf); 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and 
approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or 
in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the Issuer and the Guarantor 
at Calle Azul, 4, 28050, Madrid or on the Guarantor's website (www.bbva.com ). 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed 
not relevant for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Securities, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Securities. 
The Guarantor files periodic reports (including Annual Reports on Form 20-F (the "Form 20-F") and other information 
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), which are available on the SEC's website 
(http://www.sec.gov), and investors are referred to such reports and other information for current information with respect 
to the Guarantor. The Issuer is not subject to the information reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and the Issuer 
does not expect that it will be filing reports with the SEC. 
The New York Branch does not separately produce complete financial statements.

--- Page 84 ---
APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
 
 
84 
 
 
APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
Any information relating to the Securities which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order to 
complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Securites which are not Exempt Securities will be contained 
either in the applicable Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the applicable 
Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a significant new factor relating to the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with all of the other necessary information in relation to the 
relevant series of Securities, may be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Securities which are not Exempt Securities and are the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, 
for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Securities which is the subject of Final Terms 
are the General Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
For a Tranche of Securities which are Exempt Securities, any information which is not included in this Base Prospectus 
and which is required in order to complete the necessary information in relation to such Tranche of Securities will be 
contained in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Such Pricing Supplement will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, 
complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Securities which are Exempt Securities and are subject to a Pricing Supplement are 
the General Conditions, as supplemented, amended or replaced by the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Securities which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus 
will be the General Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Securities which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this 
Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant applicable Issue Terms (or Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or 
identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information relating to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor and the relevant Securities.

--- Page 85 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
85 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Securities (the "General Conditions", and each, a "General Condition") 
which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Security and endorsed upon each definitive Security. The Issue 
Terms (as defined below) (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Security 
and definitive Security and will specify whether the Securities are in the form of Notes ("Notes") or certificates 
("Certificates"). 
The additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 1 in respect of payouts (the "Payout Conditions"), Annex 2 in the 
case of Index Linked Securities (the "Index Linked Conditions"), Annex 3 in the case of Equity Linked Securities (the 
"Equity Linked Conditions"), Annex 4 in the case of ETF Linked Securities (the "ETF Linked Conditions"), Annex 5 in 
the case of Fund Linked Securities (the "Fund Linked Conditions"), Annex 6 in the case of Inflation Linked Securities (the 
"Inflation Linked Conditions"), Annex 7 in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities (the "Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Linked Conditions"), Annex 8 in the case of Credit Linked Securities (the "Credit Linked Conditions"), 
Annex 9 in the case of EUA Contract Linked Securities (the "EUA Contract Linked Conditions"), Annex 10 in the case of 
Bond Linked Securities (the "Bond Linked Conditions") and Annex 11 in the case of Custom Index Linked Securities (the 
"Custom Index Linked Conditions") will apply to the Securities if so specified in the Issue Terms (each as defined below, 
an "Annex", and together, the "Annexes"). 
In the case of Non-Exempt Securities (as defined below), reference should be made to the applicable Final Terms (as 
defined below) or Drawdown Prospectus (as defined below) for a description of the content of issue terms which will 
include the definitions of certain terms used in these General Conditions or specify which of such terms are to apply in 
relation to the relevant Securities. In the case of Exempt Securities (as defined below), reference should be made to the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (as defined below) for a description of the content of issue terms which will include the 
definitions of certain terms used in these General Conditions or specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the 
relevant Securities. 
Each Security is one of a Series (as defined below) of Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V. or BBVA Global 
Securities B.V. pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). As used herein, "Issuer" means BBVA Global 
Markets B.V. or BBVA Global Securities B.V., as the context requires. 
References herein to the "Securities" shall be references to the Securities of a Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Securities represented by a global Security (a "Global Security"), units of the lowest Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency (in the case of Notes) or each security unit represented by the Global 
Security (in the case of Certificates); 
(ii) 
any Global Security; 
(iii) 
any definitive Securities in bearer form ("Definitive Bearer Securities") issued in exchange for a Global Security 
in bearer form and in registered form ("Registered Securities") (whether or not issued in exchange for a Global 
Security in registered form); and 
The Securities, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency 
Agreement dated June 20, 2024 (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the "Agency Agreement") and made between BBVA Global Markets B.V., BBVA Global Securities B.V., Banco 
Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. as guarantor of Securities (other than 3(a)(2) Notes) and, unless otherwise specified in the 
Issue Terms, calculation agent and delivery agent (the "Calculation Agent" and the "Delivery Agent", which expressions 
shall include any successor calculation agent or successor delivery agent and any other calculation agent or delivery agent 
specified in the Issue Terms), Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., acting through its New York Branch, as guarantor 
of 3(a)(2) Notes, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the "Principal 
Paying Agent" and, together with any other paying agent specified in the Issue Terms, the "Paying Agents", which 
expressions shall include any successor principal paying agent or any successor or additional paying agent), The Bank of 
New York Mellon as U.S. Paying Agent, transfer agent and New York registrar in relation to Securities to be cleared and 
settled through DTC and as exchange agent ("U.S. Paying Agent", "Transfer Agent", "Exchange Agent" and "New York 
Registrar", which expressions shall include any successor U.S. paying agent, transfer agent, exchange agent or New York 
registrar), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A., unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, as transfer agent and registrar, 
for certain Securities to be cleared and settled through Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg ("Transfer Agent", and 
"Luxembourg Registrar", which expressions shall include any successor, transfer agent or registrar). The New York

--- Page 86 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
86 
 
 
Registrar and the Luxembourg Registrar together, the "Registrars" and each a "Registrar", as applicable. The Issuer may 
also appoint Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. as transfer agent and registrar, for certain Definitive Registered 
Securities not cleared or settled through Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg or DTC, in which case it shall have the 
conditions of Registrar and Transfer Agent hereunder. The Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents, the 
Calculation Agent, the Delivery Agent, the Exchange Agent, the Transfer Agents and the Registrar are referred to together 
as the "Agents". As used herein, "Guarantor" means (i) in the case of Securities (other than 3(a)(2) Notes), Banco Bilbao 
Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. or (ii) in the case of 3(a)(2) Notes, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., acting through its 
New York Branch. 
The issue terms for each Security (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms or the 
Drawdown Prospectus (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Securities and in the case of a further issue of Exempt 
Securities in bearer form, at the election of the Issuer, as set out in and amended by the Tranche specific terms in the 
fungible tranche Pricing Supplement) attached to or endorsed on the relevant Security which supplement, and will be read 
in conjunction with these General Conditions and, if the Security is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to 
be published under the Prospectus Regulation (an "Exempt Security"), may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these General Conditions or the additional terms and 
conditions set out in any Annex, replace or modify the General Conditions or the additional terms and conditions of such 
Annex, as the case may be, for the purposes of the Security. 
Any references to a "Non-Exempt Security" are to a Security that is not an Exempt Security. References to the "Issue 
Terms", "Final Terms" or "Pricing Supplement", as the case may be, are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final 
Terms or the Pricing Supplement (and in the case of a further issue of Exempt Securities in bearer form, at the election of 
the Issuer, as set out in and amended by the Tranche specific terms in the fungible tranche Pricing Supplement), as 
appropriate, (or the relevant provisions thereof) are references to "Final Terms" and/or "applicable Final Terms"; and/or 
"Pricing Supplement" and/or "applicable Pricing Supplement", as appropriate in respect of each Series of Securities. Where 
the Security is issued under a standalone prospectus (a "Drawdown Prospectus"), references to the applicable Issue Terms, 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be references to the Drawdown Prospectus, as 
the context requires.  
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded). 
The payment of all amounts in respect of each Security (other than 3(a)(2) Notes) have been guaranteed by the Guarantor 
pursuant to a guarantee governed by Spanish law (the "Spanish Law Guarantee"). The payment of all amounts in respect 
of each 3(a)(2) Note have been guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a guarantee governed by New York law (the "New 
York Law Guarantee"). The Spanish Law Guarantee and the New York Law Guarantee are included in a single document 
dated June 20, 2024 and executed by the Guarantor, the original of which will be held by the Principal Paying Agent on 
behalf of the Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders at its specified office. As used herein, 
"Guarantee" means (i) in the case of Securities (other than 3(a)(2) Notes), the Spanish Law Guarantee or (ii) in the case 
of 3(a)(2) Notes, the New York Law Guarantee. 
Any reference to "Securityholders" or "holders" in relation to any Securities shall, subject as provided in General 
Condition 1(a), mean (in the case of Bearer Securities) the holders of the Securities and (in the case of Registered Securities) 
the persons in whose name the Securities are registered and shall, in relation to any Securities represented by a Global 
Security, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to "Receiptholders" shall mean the holders of the Receipts 
and any reference herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons (each as defined below). 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Securities which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Securities together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Securities which are 
(a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions 
which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from 
which interest starts to accrue. 
The Securityholders of Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V., the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are 
entitled to the benefit of a deed of covenant (the "BGM Deed of Covenant") made by the Issuer. The Securityholders of 
Securities issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V., the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of 
a deed of covenant (the "BGS Deed of Covenant") made by the Issuer. The BGM Deed of Covenant and the BGS Deed 
of Covenant are included in a single document dated June 23, 2023, the original of which will be held by the Principal 
Paying Agent. As used herein, "Deed of Covenant" means (i) in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets

--- Page 87 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
87 
 
 
B.V., the BGM Deed of Covenant or (ii) in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V., the BGS Deed 
of Covenant. 
Copies of the Guarantee, a deed poll dated June 20, 2024 and made by BBVA Global Markets B.V. and the Guarantor and 
a deed poll dated June 20, 2024 and made by BBVA Global Securities B.V. and the Guarantor (the deed poll applicable to 
a Tranche of Securities, the "Deed Poll"), the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar. Copies of the 
Issue Terms may be obtained from the Principal Paying Agent at its specified office during normal business hours. If the 
Security is an Exempt Security, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a holder holding one or more 
Securities and such Securityholders must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as to 
its holding of such Securities and identity. The Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to 
have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed Poll, 
the Deed of Covenant and the Issue Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the General Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
The applicable Issue Terms may provide that certain terms used in the terms and conditions (including where contained in 
defined terms) may be changed in the applicable Issue Terms. Any changed term shall be read as a reference to another 
term and/or definition definitions as used in the terms and conditions. Details of such terms and/or definitions will be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In particular, in case of Certificates intended to be offered in Italy and/or to be traded on SeDeX and/or EuroTLX, references 
in these terms and conditions to (i) "redemption", "redeem" and "redeemed", respectively, shall be construed to be to 
"termination" and "terminate" and "terminated", (ii) "nominal" and "nominal amount", respectively, shall be construed to 
be to "invested amount", (iii) "settlement" and "settle" and "settled", respectively, shall be construed to be to "termination" 
and "terminate" and "terminated", (iv) "interest" shall be construed to be to "coupon", and (v) "maturity date" shall be 
construed to be to "final termination date", and all related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the Issue Terms shall have the same meanings where 
used in the General Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the 
event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form and Denomination 
The Securities are in bearer form ("Bearer Securities") or registered form ("Registered Securities") in the 
currency (the "Specified Currency") and the denomination(s) (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in 
the Issue Terms and definitive Securities will be serially numbered. The 3(a)(2) Notes (as defined below) will be 
issued only as Registered Securities. 
If a Security is a definitive Bearer Security (a "Definitive Bearer Security"), it is issued with coupons for the 
payment of interest ("Coupons") attached and, if applicable, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached 
unless it is a Zero Coupon Security (as defined below) in which case references to interest (other than in the case 
of late payment) and Coupons in these General Conditions are not applicable. If it is a Definitive Bearer Security 
that is an Instalment Security (as defined below) it is issued with receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of 
instalments of principal prior to stated maturity attached. Any reference in these General Conditions to Coupon(s) 
or Couponholder(s) shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talon(s) or 
Talon holder(s). 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 3(a)(2) Notes will be issued in minimum denominations 
of $1,000 (or the Specified Currency equivalent). 
(b) 
Type of Securities 
A Security is, to the extent specified in the Issue Terms, (i) a Security bearing interest on a fixed-rate basis (a 
"Fixed Rate Security"), (ii) a Security bearing interest on a floating-rate basis (a "Floating Rate Security"), (iii) 
a Security bearing interest on the basis of specified interest amounts (a "Specified Interest Amount Security"), 
(iv) a Security issued on a non-interest bearing basis and offered and sold at a discount (other than a de minimis 
discount) to its nominal amount or at par and to which the Zero Coupon Securities provisions are expressed to be 
applicable (a "Zero Coupon Security"), and/or (iv) a Reference Item Linked Security (as defined below).

--- Page 88 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
88 
 
 
A Security may, to the extent specified in the Issue Terms, also be (i) a Security which is redeemable in instalments 
(an "Instalment Security"), (ii) a Security upon which its denomination and payment of principal and/or interest 
may be in more than one currency (a "Dual Currency Security"), (iii) a Security issued on a partly paid basis (a 
"Partly Paid Security") with the issue price payable in such number of instalments (each such instalment, a "Part 
Payment Amount") in such amounts, on such dates and in such manner as may be specified in the Issue Terms 
or a (iv) a Reference Item Linked Security. 
"Reference Item Linked Security" means a Security whose return (whether in respect of any interest payable 
(such security a "Reference Item Linked Interest Security" as defined in Annex 1 – Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Payouts) on such Security and/or its redemption amount) is linked to one or more Reference Items, 
including indices (an "Index Linked Security") or shares or depositary receipts (an "Equity Linked Security") 
or inflation indices (an "Inflation Linked Security") or reference item rate(s) (a "Reference Item Rate Linked 
Security"), or exchange traded fund shares (an "ETF Linked Security") or fund shares or units (a "Fund Linked 
Security") or the credit of a specified entity or entities (a "Credit Linked Security") or foreign exchange rates (a 
"Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security"), bonds (a "Bond Linked Security") or custom indices (a 
"Custom Index Linked Security") or any combination thereof (a "Combination Security") as specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Reference Item" means one or more underlying reference assets, entities or bases, as may be specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
"Underlying" means one or more underlying reference assets, entities or bases, as may be specified in the Issue 
Terms. If the term Underlying is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each reference in the Conditions to 
Reference Item shall be read as reference to Underlying. 
A Security may, as provided in the Issue Terms, provide that settlement will be by way of cash settlement ("Cash 
Settled Securities"); by way of physical delivery ("Physically Settled Securities"); or where Condition 5(b)(ii) 
(Variation of Settlement) is specified in the Issue Terms to apply, the method of settlement may be changed from 
Cash Settlement to Physical Delivery (or vice versa) at the option of the Issuer. BBVA Global Securities B.V. 
will not issue Physically Settled Securities. 
Certain Notes issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V. and the guarantee thereof will be offered pursuant to an 
exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), provided 
by Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act ("3(a)(2) Notes"). 
(c) 
Title 
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Securities, Coupons and Receipts will pass by delivery, and title to 
Registered Securities will pass upon registration of transfers, in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement. The holder of each Coupon or Receipt, whether or not such Coupon or Receipt is attached to a Bearer 
Security, in his capacity as such, shall be subject to and bound by all the provisions contained in the relevant 
Security. The Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent, to the extent permitted by applicable law, may deem 
and treat the bearer of any Bearer Security, Coupon or Receipt as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not such 
Bearer Security, Coupon or Receipt shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or writing 
thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Bearer Global 
Security, without prejudice to the provisions set out below. 
The Issuer has appointed the entity specified in the Issue Terms at its office specified below to act as registrar of 
the Registered Securities (the "Registrar"). The Issuer shall cause to be kept a register at the specified office of 
the New York Registrar for the time being at 60 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005, United States or at the 
specified office of the Luxembourg Registrar for the time being at 2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, Luxembourg, 
L-1115 Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, a register (the "Register") on which shall be entered, inter alia, the name 
and address of the holder of the Registered Securities and particulars of all transfers of title to the Registered 
Securities. 
(d) 
Securities in Global Form 
For as long as any of the Securities are represented by a Global Security held by or on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or The 
Depositary Trust Company ("DTC") or its nominee, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream,

--- Page 89 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
89 
 
 
Luxembourg or DTC) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
or of DTC as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Securities (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as to the nominal amount of such Securities 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest 
error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Securities for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount 
of such Securities and, in the case of DTC or its nominee, voting, giving consents and making requests, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Security or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global 
Security shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Security and the expressions 
"Securityholder" and "holder of Securities" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Securities which are represented by a Global Security will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Except in relation to Securities indicated in the Issue Terms as being in New Global Security form, references to 
DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the Issue Terms or, in the case of Exempt 
Securities only, as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer and Principal Paying Agent. If Registered Securities 
are represented by a Registered Global Security, such Registered Global Security will be registered in the name 
of a nominee for a common safekeeper (if the Registered Global Security is issued under the new safekeeping 
structure ("NSS")) or a common depositary (if the Registered Global Security is not issued under the NSS) on 
behalf of, in either case, Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee for an alternative 
clearing system or in the name of such other person as the Issue Terms shall provide. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Securities 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Securities 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Securities will be effected by DTC, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect 
participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A 
beneficial interest in a Registered Global Security will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and 
regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Securities in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another 
Registered Global Security only in the Specified Denominations set out in the Issue Terms and only in accordance 
with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. Transfers of a 
Registered Global Security registered in the name of DTC or a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of 
such Registered Global Security, in whole but not in part, to a nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or such 
successor's nominee. 
(b) 
Transfers of Registered Securities in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs (e), (f) and (g) below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
the Agency Agreement, a Registered Security in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the 
Specified Denominations set out in the Issue Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder or holders 
must (A) surrender the Registered Security for registration of the transfer of the Registered Security (or the 
relevant part of the Registered Security) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer 
thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in 
writing and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent 
and (ii) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title 
and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations 
as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days 
(being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery 
of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail to such address 
as the transferee may request, a new Registered Security in definitive form of a like Aggregate Nominal Amount 
or Nominal Amount (as the case may be) to the Registered Security (or the relevant part of the Registered Security)

--- Page 90 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
90 
 
 
transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Security in definitive form, a new Registered 
Security in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Security not transferred will be so 
authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Securities under General Condition 6, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Security, or part of a Registered Security, called for partial redemption. 
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Securityholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer as 
provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that 
the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge 
that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
(e) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Securities 
Prior to expiry of the applicable Distribution Compliance Period (as defined below), transfers by the holder of, or 
of a beneficial interest in, a Regulation S Global Security to a transferee in the United States or who is a U.S. 
person will only be made: 
(A) 
in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V., upon receipt by the Registrar of a written 
certification substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate (a 
"Transfer Certificate"), copies of which are available from the specified office of any Transfer Agent, 
from the transferor of the Security or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being 
made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB who is also a QP (as defined below) 
in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, and upon receipt by the Registrar of a 
representation letter substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement, amended as appropriate 
(an "Investment Letter"), from the transferee of the Security or beneficial interest therein to the effect 
that such transfer is being made to a person who certifies as to its status as a QIB who is also a QP; or 
(B) 
in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V., upon receipt by the Registrar of a 
Transfer Certificate, copies of which are available from the specified office of any Transfer Agent, from 
the transferor of the Security or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made 
to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements 
of Rule 144A, and upon receipt by the Registrar of an Investment Letter from the transferee of the 
Security or beneficial interest therein to the effect that such transfer is being made to a person who 
certifies as to its status as a QIB; or 
(C) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act (as defined below) or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt 
by the Issuer of such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an 
opinion of U.S. counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any 
State of the United States, and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any 
State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
In the case of paragraph (A) or (B) above, such transferee may take delivery through a Legended Security (as 
defined below) in global or definitive form and, in the case of paragraph (C) above, such transferee may take 
delivery only through a Legended Security in definitive form. After expiry of the applicable Distribution 
Compliance Period (i) beneficial interests in Regulation S Global Securities registered in the name of a nominee 
for DTC may be held through DTC directly, by a participant in DTC, or indirectly through a participant in DTC 
and (ii) such certification requirements will no longer apply to such transfers. 
(f) 
Transfers of interests in Legended Securities 
Transfers of Legended Securities or beneficial interests therein may be made: 
(A) 
to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Security, upon receipt 
by the Registrar of a duly completed Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such 
transfer is being made in accordance with Regulation S and that, in the case of a Regulation S Global

--- Page 91 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
91 
 
 
Security registered in the name of a nominee for DTC if such transfer is being made prior to expiry of 
the applicable Distribution Compliance Period, the interests in the Securities being transferred will be 
held immediately thereafter through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; or 
(B) 
in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V., to a transferee who takes delivery of 
such interest through a Legended Security: 
A. 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB and a QP in 
a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, or where the transferee is an Institutional 
Accredited Investor (as defined below) who is also a QP, subject to delivery to the Registrar of 
a Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made to a QIB 
who is also a QP or to an Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP (as applicable), 
together with a duly executed investment letter from the relevant transferee in the form set out 
in the Agency Agreement (an "Investment Letter"); or 
B. 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor (as defined below) who is also a QP, 
subject to delivery to the Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that 
such transfer is being made to an Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP, together 
with a duly executed Investment Letter; or 
(C) 
in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V., to a transferee who takes delivery of 
such interest through a Legended Security: 
A. 
where the transferee is a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, or where the transferee is an Institutional 
Accredited Investor (as defined below), subject to delivery to the Registrar of a Transfer 
Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such transfer is being made to a QIB or to an 
Institutional Accredited Investor (as applicable), together with a duly executed Investment 
Letter; or 
B. 
where the transferee is an Institutional Accredited Investor (as defined below), subject to 
delivery to the Registrar of a Transfer Certificate from the transferor to the effect that such 
transfer is being made to an Institutional Accredited Investor, together with a duly executed 
Investment Letter; or 
(D) 
otherwise pursuant to the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom, subject to receipt by the Issuer of 
such satisfactory evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require, which may include an opinion of U.S. 
counsel, that such transfer is in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States, and, in each case, in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. 
Securities transferred by Institutional Accredited Investors who are also QPs to QIBs who are also QPs, in the 
case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V., and Securities transferred by Institutional Accredited 
Investors to QIBs, in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V., in each case, pursuant to Rule 
144A or outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S will be eligible to be held by such QIBs who are also 
QPs or such QIBs, as applicable, or non-U.S. investors through DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
appropriate, and the Registrar will arrange for any Securities which are the subject of such a transfer to be 
represented by the appropriate Registered Global Security, where applicable. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of Legended Securities, or upon specific request for removal of the 
Legend, the Registrar shall deliver only Legended Securities or refuse to remove the Legend, as the case may be, 
unless there is delivered to the Issuer such satisfactory evidence as may reasonably be required by the Issuer, 
which may include an opinion of U.S. counsel, that neither the Legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth 
therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
In the case of an Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP, or a QIB who is also a QP (for Securities 
issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V.), or in the case of an Institutional Accredited Investor or a QIB (for 
Securities issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V.), if at any time the Issuer determines or is notified by the dealer 
in respect of the Securities specified in the Issue Terms (the "Dealer") acting on behalf of the Issuer that such 
holder or transferee was in breach, at the time given or deemed to be given, of any of the representations or

--- Page 92 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
92 
 
 
agreements set out in the Investment Letter or otherwise determines that any transfer or other disposition of any 
Securities would, in the sole determination of the Issuer or the Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer, require the 
Issuer to register as an "investment company" under the provisions of the 1940 Act, such purchase or other transfer 
will be void ab initio and will not be honoured by the Registrar. Accordingly, any such purported transferee or 
other holder will not be entitled to any rights as a Securityholder and the Issuer shall have the right, in accordance 
with the conditions of the Securities, to force the transfer of, transfer on behalf of the Securityholder or redeem, 
any such Securities. 
(g) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Securities generally 
Holders of Registered Securities in definitive form, other than Institutional Accredited Investors, may exchange 
such Securities for interests in a Registered Global Security of the same type at any time. 
(h) 
Minimum Tradeable Amount 
Where a "Minimum Tradable Amount" is specified in the Issue Terms, Securities will be transferable only in a 
minimum aggregate amount of Specified Denominations equal to the Minimum Tradable Amount specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
In case of Securities to be listed on MOT or admitted to trading on SeDeX and EuroTLX, the Securities shall be 
transferred in lots at least equal to the Minimum Tradable Amount, as defined by the listing rules of the market 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., or multiples thereof, as determined by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and held through the relevant clearing system. Transfers may be effected 
only upon registration of the transfer in the books of the relevant clearing system. 
(i) 
Definitions 
In this General Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"3(a)(2) Global Security" means a Registered Global Security representing Securities sold in reliance on Section 
3(a)(2) of the Securities Act; 
"Bearer Global Security" means a global security (temporary or permanent) in bearer form; 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period that ends 40 days after the completion of the distribution 
of each Tranche of Securities, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated 
issue) or the relevant Lead Manager (in the case of a syndicated issue); 
"Eligible Investors" are defined: (A) in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V., as persons 
who are QIBs who are also QPs acting for their own account or for the account of other QIBs who are also QPs, 
or persons who are Institutional Accredited Investors who are also QPs, but excluding therefrom: (i) QIBs that 
are broker dealers that own and invest on a discretionary basis less than US$25 million in "securities" of 
unaffiliated issuers (ii) a partnership, common trust fund, special trust, pension fund, retirement plan or other 
entity in which the partners, beneficiaries or participants, as the case may be, may designate the particular 
investments to be made or the allocation thereof, (iii) an entity that was formed, reformed or recapitalised for the 
specific purpose of investing in the Securities, (unless each beneficial owner of such entity is a QP), (iv) any 
investment company excepted from the 1940 Act solely pursuant to Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) thereof and 
formed prior to April 30, 1996, that has not received the consent of its beneficial owners with respect to the 
treatment of such entity as a qualified purchaser in the manner required by Section 2(a)(51)(C) of the 1940 Act 
and rules thereunder, and (v) any entity that will have invested more than 40 per cent. of its assets in securities of 
the Issuer subsequent to any purchase of the Securities; and (B) in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global 
Securities B.V., as persons who are QIBs acting for their own account or for the account of other QIBs, or persons 
who are Institutional Accredited Investors. 
"Institutional Accredited Investor" means "accredited investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), 
(9) or (12) under the Securities Act) that are institutions; 
"Legended Security" means: (A) in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V., Registered 
Securities in definitive form that are issued to Institutional Accredited Investors who are also QPs and Registered 
Securities (whether in definitive form or represented by a Registered Global Security) sold in private transactions

--- Page 93 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
93 
 
 
to QIBs who are also QPs in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A which bear a legend specifying 
certain restrictions on transfer (a "Legend"); and (B) in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Securities 
B.V., Registered Securities in definitive form that are issued to Institutional Accredited Investors and Registered 
Securities (whether in definitive form or represented by a Registered Global Security) sold in private transactions 
to QIBs in accordance with the requirements of Rule 144A which bear a Legend; 
"QIB" means a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A; 
"QP" means a "qualified purchaser" within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act") and the rules and regulations thereunder; 
"Registered Global Security" means a global security in registered form (which term shall include a 3(a)(2) 
Global Security); 
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
"Regulation S Global Security" means a Registered Global Security representing Securities sold outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S; 
"Rule 144A" means Rule 144A under the Securities Act; 
"Rule 144A Global Security" means a Registered Global Security representing Securities sold in the United 
States or to QIBs (who are, in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V., also QPs) in reliance 
on Rule 144A; and 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
3. 
Status of the Securities and the Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Securities 
The Securities and any related Coupons and Receipts constitute direct, unconditional and unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu, without any preference or priority among themselves 
and with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer present and future, but, in 
the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by applicable laws relating to creditor's right. 
In the event of insolvency of the Issuer, the court having jurisdiction to open an insolvency proceeding and the 
law applicable to those proceedings and their effects will be determined in accordance with the provisions of 
Regulation (EU) No 2015/848, of May 20, 2015, on insolvency proceedings ("Regulation 2015/848"), Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2020, of May 5, approving the reinstated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law 22/2003 of July 
9, 2003, as amended (the "Spanish Insolvency Law") and the Dutch Insolvency Law (faillissementswet) of 
September 30, 1893, as amended (the "Dutch Insolvency Law"). Pursuant to these provisions, the courts of the 
place where the Issuer has its centre of main interests shall have jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings 
against it and the law applicable to the insolvency proceedings and their effects will be the law of the place where 
such proceedings are opened. 
Under Regulation 2015/848 the centre of main interests should correspond to the place where the debtor conducts 
the administration of its interests on a regular basis and is therefore ascertainable by third parties. In the case of a 
company or legal person, Regulation 2015/848 presumes, in the absence of proof to the contrary, that the place of 
its registered office is the centre of main interests. Based on this presumption a Dutch court may consider that it 
has jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against the Issuer. Notwithstanding this presumption, it is arguable 
that the centre of main interests of the Issuer should be considered to be located in Spain and that the Spanish 
courts should be the courts with jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings against it. In addition, even if the 
centre of main interests of the Issuer were not in Spain, the Spanish court could still open insolvency proceedings 
(named territorial insolvency proceedings) if they consider that the Issuer has an establishment within the territory 
of Spain, the effects of which would be limited to the assets of the Issuer situated in Spain. 
In the event of insolvency (faillissement) of the Issuer declared by a Dutch court (either principal or territorial 
proceedings), claims relating to Securities will be pari passu claims (concurrente vorderingen) as defined in the 
Dutch Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (boedelschuld) and

--- Page 94 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
94 
 
 
credits with a privilege (voorrecht). Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of 
shareholders. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer declared by a Spanish court (either principal or territorial 
insolvency proceedings) claims relating to Securities (which are not subordinated pursuant to article 309 of the 
Spanish Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
Ordinary credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and privileged credits 
(créditos privilegiados) which shall be paid in full before ordinary credits. The claims of all creditors against the 
Issuer considered as "ordinary credits": will be satisfied pro rata in insolvency. Ordinary credits rank above 
subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
Pursuant to article 59 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, the further accrual of interest shall be suspended from the 
date of declaration of the insolvency of any Issuer. Claims in respect of interest on the Securities accrued but 
unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated 
claims against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of article 309 of the Spanish Insolvency Law 
(including, without limitation, after claims on account of principal in respect of contractually subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer). 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee 
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Securities and any related Coupons and Receipts and all 
amounts due under the Deed of Covenant in respect of the Securities and any related Coupons and Receipts has 
been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent 
permitted by applicable laws relating to creditors' rights. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Guarantor, under the Spanish Insolvency Law, claims of 
Securityholders (which are not subordinated pursuant to article 309 of the Insolvency law) will be ordinary credits 
(créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank below credits against the 
insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and privileged credits (créditos privilegiados) (including, without 
limitation, any deposits for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015) which shall be paid in full 
before ordinary credits. The claims of all creditors against the Guarantor considered as "ordinary credits" will be 
satisfied pro rata in insolvency. Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
Pursuant to article 59 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, the further accrual of interest shall be suspended from the 
date of declaration of the insolvency of the Guarantor. Claims of Securityholders in respect of interest accrued but 
unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Guarantor shall constitute 
subordinated claims against the Guarantor ranking in accordance with the provisions of article 309 of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law (including, without limitation, after claims on account of principal in respect of contractually 
subordinated obligations of the Guarantor). 
The Guarantee provided by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., acting through its New York Branch, in 
respect of the 3(a)(2) Notes is governed by New York law. Under New York law, (a) the Guarantor, as a New 
York state-licensed branch of BBVA, a Spanish bank, is required to maintain certain liquid assets, (b) the 
Superintendent may take possession of such assets and the rest of the property and business of the Guarantor 
located in New York for the benefit of the Guarantor's creditors, including the beneficiaries of the Guarantee, if, 
among other things, BBVA is in liquidation in Spain or elsewhere, or if there is reason to doubt BBVA's ability 
to pay its creditors in full and (c) the Superintendent is authorised to turn over any such assets or other property 
of the Guarantor to the principal office of BBVA or any Spanish liquidator or receiver only after all of the claims 
of the creditors of the Guarantor, including the beneficiaries of the Guarantee, have been satisfied and discharged 
and, to the extent requested by a liquidator of any other BBVA office in the United States, the claims of the 
creditors of that office accepted by the liquidator and the expenses incurred by that liquidator in liquidating the 
other office, have been satisfied and discharged. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee and the obligations of BBVA under the Hedging 
Agreements entered into between BBVA and the Issuer in respect of any Securities are also subject to the

--- Page 95 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
95 
 
 
application of the general bail-in tool by the Fondo de Reestructuración Ordenada Bancaria (the "FROB") or 
any other Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority pursuant to Law 11/2015. 
By its acquisition of any Securities, each holder acknowledges and accepts that he may be adversely affected 
by the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority and the effects 
thereof, as further described in the Risk Factors, which may be imposed with or without any prior notice with 
respect to the Guarantee and/or the Hedging Agreements, in relation to Securities of any series. 
"Relevant Spanish Resolution Authority" means any of the Spanish Fund for the Orderly Restructuring of Banks 
(Fondo de Restructuración Ordenada Bancaria), the European Single Resolution Mechanism, the Bank of Spain 
and the Spanish Securities Market Commission ("CNMV") or any other entity with the authority to exercise the 
Spanish Bail-in Power from time to time, according to Law 11/2015, of June 18, as amended from time to time, 
including amongst others, as amended by Royal Decree-Law 7/2021 ("Law 11/2015"), RD 1012/2015 and the 
SRM Regulation. 
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Securities 
Each Fixed Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date (which, if not 
specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms, will be the Issue Date) at the rate(s) per annum equal to the 
Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will accrue in respect of each period from (and including) an Interest Period End Date 
(or if none the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date (each 
an "Interest Period" and each such latter date the "Interest Period End Final Date")). Interest will be payable 
in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) up to (and including) the Maturity Date. If an Interest Payment Date 
falls after the Interest Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest or 
other amount shall be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such later date. If a Business Day 
Convention (as defined in General Condition 4(k) below is specified in the Issue Terms as applying to an Interest 
Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (i) if there is no numerically corresponding day on the calendar 
month in which an Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (ii) if 
any Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day (as defined in General Condition 4(k)), then, the relevant Business Day Convention shall 
apply. For the purposes of this General Condition 4(a), "Interest Period End Date" shall mean each date so 
specified in the Issue Terms. If no such date(s) is so specified, then the Interest Period End Date for an Interest 
Period shall be the corresponding Interest Payment Date (unadjusted for any Business Day Convention unless a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the Issue Terms as applying to an Interest Period End Date). If no 
Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as applying to an Interest Payment Date, then 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention shall apply. 
If no Business Day Convention is specified as applicable to an Interest Period End Final Date in the Issue Terms, 
and 
(i) 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the Issue Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date so specified shall be the Fixed Coupon Amount per Calculation Amount so specified; and 
(ii) 
If a Broken Amount is specified in the Issue Terms, the amount of interest payable in respect of the 
Interest Payment Date so specified shall be the Broken Amount per Calculation Amount so specified. 
Subject to the Payout Conditions, Interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(x) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Security, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Securities represented by such Global Security (or, if they are Partly 
Paid Securities, the aggregate amount paid up (subject to General Condition 4(g))); or 
(y) 
in the case of each Fixed Rate Security in definitive form, the Calculation Amount (subject to General 
Condition 4(g)), 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by (i) the applicable Day Count Fraction (as defined in General 
Condition 4(k) below) specified in the Issue Terms and (ii) where an Interest Leverage Multiplier is specified as 
"Applicable" in the Issue Terms, the Interest Leverage Multiplier specified in the Issue Terms, and rounding the

--- Page 96 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
96 
 
 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit (as defined 
below) being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Security in definitive form comprises more than one 
Calculation Amount, the amount of Interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Security shall be the aggregate 
of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount (subject to General 
Condition 4(g)) comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Securities and Reference Item Linked Interest Securities 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Security and, subject to the provisions of General Condition 4(f) below and unless 
otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, each Reference Item Linked Interest Security bears interest on 
its outstanding nominal amount (or, if it is a Partly Paid Security, in accordance with General 
Condition 4(g)) in respect of each Interest Period (as defined in General Condition 4(a)). For the purposes 
of this General Condition 4(b), "Interest Period End Date" shall mean either: 
(A) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) specified in the Issue Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the Issue Terms, (x) in the case of Floating 
Rate Securities, each date which falls on the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the Issue Terms after the preceding Interest Period End Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Period End Date, after the Interest Commencement Date and (y) in the case 
of Reference Item Linked Interest Securities, the corresponding Interest Payment Date 
(unadjusted for any Business Day Convention). 
Interest will be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date. If an Interest Payment Date falls after an Interest Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period, no additional interest or other amount shall be payable as a result of such interest being 
payable on such later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the Issue Terms as applying to an Interest Period End Date 
or an Interest Payment Date and (i) if there is no numerically corresponding day on the calendar month 
in which an Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (ii) 
if any Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a 
day which is not a Business Day (as defined in General Condition 4(k) below), then the relevant Business 
Day Convention (as defined in General Condition 4(k) below) shall apply. Provided that, in any case, 
where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with General Conditions 4(b)(i)(A) and (B) above, 
the Floating Rate Convention shall apply. If no Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as applying to an Interest Payment Date, then the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention shall apply. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Securities and Reference Item 
Linked Interest Securities will be determined in the manner specified in the Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Issue Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this paragraph (iii), 
"ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which:

--- Page 97 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
97 
 
 
if the Issue Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA definitions" as the applicable 
ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the Issue Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the Issue 
Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the Issue Terms; 
and 
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and: 
(1) 
OIS Compounding is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, OIS Compounding is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions); 
(2) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Compounding Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (a) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) and (b) Lookback is the 
number of Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms; 
(3) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Compounding Method 
in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or 
(4) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Compounding Method in the applicable 
Issue Terms, (a) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business Days are the days specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and:

--- Page 98 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
98 
 
 
(1) 
Overnight Averaging is specified as the Averaging Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, Overnight Averaging is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions); 
(2) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in applicable Issue 
Terms; 
(3) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Averaging Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (a) Averaging with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation 
Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms; or 
(4) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging Method in the applicable Issue 
Terms, (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) 
Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (c) Lockout Period Business 
Days are the days specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
one of the following Index Method shall be specified in the Issue Terms: 
(1) 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift and (a) Observation Period 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the 
days specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(2) 
Standard Index Method; or 
(3) 
Compounded Index Method. 
References in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the applicable Issue Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Delayed Payment" shall be references to Payment Delay; 
(D) 
"Payment Date " shall be references to each Interest Payment Date or Effective Interest Payment 
Date, as applicable; 
(E) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(F) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; 
In the event of any ambiguity or other uncertainty in the application of the ISDA Definitions to the 
determination of the Floating Rate, such ambiguity or other uncertainty shall be resolved by the Issuer 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions:

--- Page 99 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
99 
 
 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be 
disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate Option is 
specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication– Alternative Rate" shall be 
replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
If OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging is specified as the Compounding Method or Averaging 
Method, as applicable and "Payment Delay" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, all 
references in these Conditions to interest on the Securities being payable on an Interest Payment Date 
shall be read as reference to interest on the Securities being payable on each date specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (each an "Effective Interest Payment Date") instead; provided that, for the 
purposes of determining the ISDA Rate in respect of the final Interest Period ending on the Maturity 
Date, the Underlying Benchmark Level (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) in respect of the period 
from and including the date falling two Business Days prior to the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date shall be equal to the Underlying Benchmark Level as of the date falling two Business 
Days prior to the Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(1) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities not referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
Where Screen Rate Determination (not referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR) is specified in the Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or any successor to such page or service) as at the Specified Time indicated in the Issue Terms 
(which will be 11.00 a.m. Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination 
Date (as defined below) in question plus or minus (as indicated in the Issue Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal 
Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded, as provided above) 
of such offered quotations; or 
(C) 
in the case of a CMS Rate, the rate for swap transactions in the currency to which the CMS Rate 
relates with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or any successor to such page or service) as of the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the Issue Terms) the 
Margin (if any) all as determined by the Calculation Agent or, in the event that the Principal 
Paying Agent determines it is not reasonably practicable to determine the Rate of Interest in 
such manner, the Rate of Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent as such rate that 
it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticality by reference to such source(s) as 
it may select; or. 
(D) 
in the case of a rate that is based on the yield of a government bond (a "Government Bond 
Yield Rate"), the rate for a generic government bond, expressed as a percentage per annum, 
with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or any 
successor to such page or service) as of the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the Issue Terms) the Margin (if any) (all as 
specified in the Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent; or

--- Page 100 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
100 
 
 
(E) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that it is not reasonably practicable to obtain the rate in such 
manner, the rate will be determined as such rate that the Calculation Agent determines would 
have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it may select. 
In case the rate specified in the Issue Terms is a TEC Rate (Taux de l'Echéance Constante), the offered 
quotation, expressed as a percentage rate per annum, with a maturity of the Designated Maturity 
calculated by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire (or successor thereto), which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or any successor to such page or service) as of the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the Issue Terms) the Margin (if any) (all as 
specified in the Issue Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If the Calculation Agent determines it is not reasonably practicable to determine the rate in such manner, 
the rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the linear interpolation of the mid-
market prices for each of the two reference French treasury bonds (Obligation Assimilable du Trésor), 
which would have been used by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire (or successor thereto) for the 
calculation of the relevant rate. 
In order to determine such mid-market prices, the Calculation Agent shall request five active dealers each 
to provide a quotation of its price at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question and shall determine the mid-market prices as the arithmetic mean of such quotations 
after discarding the highest and lowest of such quotations. 
In the case of paragraphs (A) and (B), the Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the 
Rate of Interest in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph 
(A) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (B) above, fewer than three 
such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time indicated above or in the Issue 
Terms. The Issue Terms may, if agreed by the relevant Dealer, set out such provisions in full. 
(2) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Securities referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
(A) 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as being "SONIA", "SOFR" or "€STR", the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Securities for each Interest Period will be sum of the Margin and the Relevant Rate, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date for such Interest 
Period. 
(B) 
If the Securities become due and payable in accordance with General Condition 9, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, be deemed to be the date on which the Securities became due and 
payable and the Rate of Interest applicable to the Securities shall, for so long as any such 
Security remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the purpose 
of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(C) 
If "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms, all 
references in these Conditions to interest on the Securities being payable on an Interest Payment 
Date shall be read as reference to interest on the Securities being payable on an Effective Interest 
Payment Date instead. 
(D) 
Definitions 
"Applicable Period" means, 
(a) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms, 
in relation to any Interest Period, the Observation Period relating to such Interest Period; and 
(b) 
where "Lag", "Lock-Out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Interest Period. 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the Applicable Period.

--- Page 101 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
101 
 
 
"𝐝𝐜" means the number of calendar days from (and including) IndexStart to (but excluding) IndexEnd. 
"d0" means the number of Reference Rate Business Days in the Applicable Period. 
"ECB Website" means the website of the European Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, 
or any successor website officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Reference Rate 
Business Day in the Applicable Period in chronological order from (and including) the first Reference 
Rate Business Day in the Applicable Period (each a "Reference Rate Business Day(i)"). 
"IndexEnd" means in relation to any Interest Period, the Index Value on the day which is "p" Reference 
Rate Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. 
"IndexStart" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the Index Value on the day which is "p" Reference 
Rate Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period. 
"Index Value" means, in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day: 
(a) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate and RFR Index Determination is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the value of the SONIA Compounded Index for 
such Reference Rate Business Day as published by authorised redistributors on such Reference 
Rate Business Day or, if the value of the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be obtained from 
such authorised redistributors, as published on the Bank of England's Website at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database (or on such other page or website as may replace 
such page for the purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded Index) at or around 9.00 a.m. 
(London Time) on the next following Reference Rate Business Day; provided, however, that 
in the event that the value originally so published is corrected on such Reference Rate Business 
Day, then such corrected value, instead of the value that was originally published, shall be 
deemed the Index Value in relation to such Reference Rate Business Day; 
(b) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate and RFR Index Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the value of the SOFR Index published by Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Federal Reserve's Website at 
https://apps.newyorkfed.org/markets/autorates/sofr-avg-ind (or on such other page or website 
as may replace such page for the purposes of publishing the SOFR Index) at or about 3:00 p.m. 
(New York City time) on such Reference Rate Business Day (the "SOFR Screen Page"); 
provided, however, that in the event that the value originally so published is subsequently 
corrected and such corrected value is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
the administrator of such rate on the original date of publication, then such corrected value, 
instead of the value that was originally published, shall be deemed the Index Value in relation 
to such Reference Rate Business Day; and 
(c) 
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate and RFR Index Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the value of the €STR Compounded Index for such 
Reference Rate Business Day as published at or around 8.00 a.m. (Central European Time) by 
the European Central Bank on the next following Reference Rate Business Day; provided, 
however, that in the event that the value originally so published is corrected on such Reference 
Rate Business Day, then such corrected value, instead of the value that was originally published, 
shall be deemed the Index Value in relation to such Reference Rate Business Day. 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website. 
"ni" means, in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day(i), the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such Reference Rate Business Day(i) up to (but excluding) the next following Reference Rate 
Business Day.

--- Page 102 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
102 
 
 
"Non-Reset Date" means each Reference Rate Business Day(i) in an Applicable Period, the Reference 
Rate Determination Date in relation to which falls on or after the Rate Cut-Off Date (if any). 
"Observation Period" means, in relation to an Interest Period: 
(a) 
where "Standard Shift" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the period from 
(and including) the date which is "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period (and in respect of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and 
ending on (but excluding) the date which is "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Reference Rate Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Securities become due and payable); and 
(b) 
where "IDD Shift" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the period from (and 
including) the Reference Rate Business Day falling prior to the Interest Determination Date for 
the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the last Reference Rate 
Business Day falling prior to the Interest Determination Date for such Interest Period, provided 
that the first Observation Period shall commence on (and include) the last Reference Rate 
Business Day falling prior to the date falling two Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
"p" means the whole number specified as such in the Issue Terms representing a number of Reference 
Rate Business Days or, if no such number is specified, five Reference Rate Business Days. 
"Rate Cut-Off Date" means the following or as otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
where "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms and 
"SONIA" is specified as the relevant Reference Rate, in relation to any Interest Period, the 
Reference Rate Business Day immediately prior to the Interest Determination Date; 
(b) 
where "Lock-Out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Reference Rate other than SONIA is specified as the relevant Reference Rate, in relation to any 
Interest Period, the second Reference Rate Business Day falling prior to the Interest 
Determination Date; 
(c) 
where "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms 
in respect of the final Interest Period only, the second Reference Rate Business Day falling prior 
to the Interest Determination Date; and 
(d) 
in any other circumstances, no Rate Cut-Off Date shall apply. 
"Reference Rate" means in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day: 
(a) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such Reference 
Rate Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA (or any successor administrator) 
to authorised distributors and as then published at or around 9.00 a.m. (London Time) on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors) on the Reference Rate Business Day immediately following such 
Reference Rate Business Day; 
(b) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) 
published at or around 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) ("SOFR Determination Time") on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors) on the next succeeding Reference Rate Business Day for trades 
made on such Reference Rate Business Day; 
(c) 
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate for such Reference Rate Business Day as published at or

--- Page 103 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
103 
 
 
around 8.00 a.m. (Central European Time) by the European Central Bank, as administrator of 
such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on 
the Reference Rate Business Day immediately following such Reference Rate Business Day; or 
(d) 
where "USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a reference rate equal to the USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate as provided by the ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited published at or about 11:00 a.m., New York City time (the 
"USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate Determination Time") on the website of the Administrator or on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published 
by such authorised distributors) on the second Reference Rate Business Dayprior to the related 
Reference Rate Business Day. 
"Reference Rate(i)" or "REFi" means in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day(i), the Reference 
Rate for the Reference Rate Determination Date in relation to such Reference Rate Business Day(i), 
provided that where either "Lock Out" or "Payment Delay" are specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Issue Terms, Reference Rate(i) (or REFi) in respect of each Non-Reset Date (if any) in an 
Applicable Period shall be Reference Rate(i) (or REFi) as determined in relation to the Rate Cut-Off 
Date. 
"Reference Rate Business Day" means: 
(a) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, any day on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
(b) 
where "SOFR" or "USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which The 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association ("SIFMA") recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities; or 
(c) 
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, a day on which 
the T2 is open for settlement of payments in euro. 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means, in relation to any Reference Rate Business Day(i): 
(a) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Reference Rate Business Day falling "p" Reference Rate Business Days prior to such Reference 
Rate Business Day(i); and 
(b) 
otherwise, such Reference Rate Business Day(i). 
"Relevant Rate" means with respect to an Interest Period: 
(a) 
if RFR Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
(or is deemed to be not applicable as set out in the proviso to paragraph (B) below): 
(I) 
where "Compounded Daily Rate" is specified as the Determination Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with 
the applicable Reference Rate specified in the Issue Terms as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) calculated as follows, with the resulting percentage rounded, if 
necessary, (i) in the case of SONIA and €STR to the nearest one ten- thousandth of a 
percentage point (0.0001 per cent.), with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards and 
(ii) in the case of SOFR to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(0.00001 per cent.), with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards:

--- Page 104 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
104 
 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑅𝐸𝐹𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
𝑌
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 𝑌
𝑑 
(II) 
where "Weighted Average Rate" is specified as the Determination Method in the 
applicable Issue Terms the arithmetic mean of Reference Rate(i) for each Reference 
Rate Business Day during such Applicable Period (each "Reference Rate Business 
Day(i)"), calculated by multiplying the relevant Reference Rate(i) for any Reference 
Rate Business Day(i) by the number of days such Reference Rate(i) is in effect (being 
the number of calendar days from (and including) such Reference Rate Business Day(i) 
up to (but excluding) the next following Reference Rate Business Day), determining 
the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Applicable Period; or 
(b) 
if RFR Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
rate calculated as follows, with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, (i) in the case of 
SONIA and €STR to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point (0.0001 per cent.), 
with 0.00005 per cent. being rounded upwards and (ii) in the case of SOFR to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (0.00001 per cent.), with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards: 
( 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × 𝑌
𝑑𝑐
 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable for any reason to determine IndexEnd or 
IndexStart in relation to any Interest Period, the Relevant Rate shall be calculated for such Interest Period 
as if RFR Index Determination had been specified as being not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
(and accordingly paragraph (a)(I) of this definition and "Observation Shift" and "Standard Shift" will 
apply). 
"SOFR Index" means the index known as the SOFR Index administered by the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York (or any successor administrator thereof). 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the index known as the SONIA Compounded Index administered 
by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator thereof). 
"Y" is the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or if no number is so specified, a 
number reflecting the denominator for day count fractions customarily used to calculate floating rate 
interest amounts on instruments denominated in the Specified Currency and with an original maturity 
equal to that of the Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"€STR Compounded Index" means the level of the index measuring the change in the returns from a 
rolling unit of investment earning compound interest each day at €STR, administered by the European 
Central Bank (or a successor administrator). 
(3) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Issue Terms: 
(x) If "Lag", "Lock-Out", "Observation Shift" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Issue Terms 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page (and has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors), such Reference Rate 
shall be: 
I. 
(a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at the close of business on 
the relevant London Business Day; plus (b) the arithmetic mean of the spread of SONIA to the 
Bank Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA has been published, excluding the

--- Page 105 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
105 
 
 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
II. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the immediately preceding 
London Business Day on which the Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors), and 
such rate shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate for such London Business Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to (i) how 
the Reference Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the Reference Rate, the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall follow such guidance to determine the 
Reference Rate for so long as the Reference Rate is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) determined as at the immediately preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Interest Rate 
and/or Minimum Interest Rate is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the immediately preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Interest Rate and/or Minimum Interest 
Rate relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Interest Rate and/or 
Minimum Interest Rate relation to the immediately preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have applicable to such 
Series of Securities for the first Interest Period had the Securities been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (subject to the application of the relevant Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest 
Rate in respect of such Interest Period). 
(y) If "RFR Index Determination" is specified as applicable and "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Issue Terms 
If the relevant Index Value is not published or displayed by the administrator of the SONIA reference 
rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour 
after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing 
operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other information 
service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the SONIA Compounded Index 
for the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available shall be the 
"Compounded Daily Rate" determined in accordance with General Condition 4(b)(iv)(2) where the 
"Observation Method" will be deemed to be "Observation Shift (Standard Shift)". 
(4) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
If the Calculation Agent, failing which the Issuer, determines at any time prior to the SOFR 
Determination Time on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that a SOFR Transition Event and 
the related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, the Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the 
"Replacement Rate Determination Agent") which will determine the SOFR Replacement. The 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Calculation Agent, (y) the 
Issuer, (z) an affiliate of the Issuer, or the Calculation Agent or (zz) such other entity that the Calculation 
Agent determines to be competent to carry out such role. 
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent will determine appropriate SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent or Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent (as the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Securityholders.

--- Page 106 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
106 
 
 
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement  the Calculation Agent, may subsequently determine 
that a SOFR Transition Event and a related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred in respect of such 
SOFR Replacement, provided that the SOFR Benchmark has already been substituted by the SOFR 
Replacement and any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with such substitution 
have been applied. In such circumstances, the SOFR Replacement shall be deemed to be the SOFR 
Benchmark and all relevant definitions shall be construed accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, the following definitions shall apply: 
"ISDA Definitions" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions published by the international Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") or any 
successor thereto as amended or supplemented from time to time up to the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of such Securities (the "2006 ISDA Definitions"); provided that if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, ISDA Definitions means the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA 
or any successor thereto as amended or supplemented from time to time up to the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of such Securities (the "2021 ISDA Definitions"); 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event with respect to SOFR for 
the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or 
the NY Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor thereto; 
"SOFR Benchmark" means (a) SOFR or (b) the Index Value, as applicable; 
"SOFR Replacement" means any one (or more) of the SOFR Replacement Alternatives to be 
determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR Replacement Date if the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, failing which the Issuer, determines that 
a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred on or prior to the SOFR 
Determination Time in respect of any determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in accordance with: 
(a) 
the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement Alternatives Priority in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or 
(b) 
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance with the priority set forth below: 
(i) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(ii) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(iii) 
Industry Replacement, 
Provided, in each case, that, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent is unable to determine the 
SOFR Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement Alternative listed, it shall attempt 
to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance with the each subsequent SOFR Replacement 
Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period and each subsequent Interest Period, subject to the occurrence of a subsequent 
SOFR Transition Event and related SOFR Replacement Date;

--- Page 107 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
107 
 
 
"SOFR Replacement Alternatives" means: 
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the relevant 
Interest Period and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the "Relevant Governmental 
Body Replacement"); 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the "ISDA 
Fallback Replacement"); or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected by the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time and (ii) the 
SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the "Industry Replacement"); 
"SOFR Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the applicable SOFR Replacement Date: 
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement; 
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the 
ISDA Spread Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) determined by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent giving due consideration to any industry-accepted 
spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR 
Replacement for U.S. dollar- denominated floating rate securities at such time; 
"SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any SOFR Replacement, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes (including, but not limited to, changes to timing and 
frequency of determining rates with respect to each interest period and making payments of interest, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business day convention and other administrative 
matters) that the Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no 
market practice for use of the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is reasonably necessary, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); 
"SOFR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
in the case of paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "SOFR Transition Event" the later of (i) 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date 
on which the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or 
(b) 
in the case of paragraph (c) of the definition of "SOFR Transition Event" the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein; or 
(c) 
in the case of paragraph (d), the last such consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
on which the SOFR Benchmark has not been published, 
provided that, in the event of any public statements or publications of information as referenced in 
paragraph (a) or (b) above, should such event or circumstance referred to in such a public statement or

--- Page 108 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
108 
 
 
publication occur on a date falling later than three months after the relevant public statement or 
publication, the SOFR Transition Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three months prior 
to such specified date (and not the date of the relevant public statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR Replacement Date occurs on the same 
day as, but earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the SOFR Determination Time for such 
determination. 
"SOFR Transition Event" means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events with respect 
to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing that such administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant); 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central bank for the 
currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for SOFR (or such component, if 
relevant) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), which states that the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease 
to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing that the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) is no longer, or as of a specified future date 
will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such 
benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored, the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has been or will be prohibited from being used or 
that its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally 
or in respect of the Securities; or 
(d) 
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a successor administrator) for six 
consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business Days; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the SOFR Replacement prior to the application of any 
SOFR Replacement Adjustment. 
(5) 
Additional Provisions applicable where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
Effect of €STR Transition Event on Securities 
If the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, failing which the Issuer, determines 
at any time prior to the €STR Reference Time on any TARGET Business Day that a €STR Transition 
Event and the related €STR Replacement Date have occurred, then the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, will appoint an agent (the "Replacement Rate Determination Agent") 
which will determine the €STR Replacement. The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a 
leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency as appointed by the Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer, (z) an affiliate of the Issuer or the

--- Page 109 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
109 
 
 
Calculation Agent or (aa) such other entity that the Calculation Agent determines to be competent to 
carry out such role. In connection with the determination of the €STR Replacement: 
(a) 
the €STR Replacement will replace the then-current €STR Benchmark for all purposes relating 
to the relevant Securities in respect of such determination on such date and all determinations 
on all subsequent dates; 
(b) 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make €STR Replacement Conforming 
Changes with respect to the relevant Securities from time to time; 
(c) 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent pursuant to this General Condition 4(b)(iv)(4), including any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non- occurrence 
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or 
any selection, in each case, solely with respect to the relevant Securities, will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error, will be made by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner; 
(d) 
to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this Condition and any other General 
Condition, this General Condition 4(b)(iv)(5) shall prevail with respect to any Securities for 
which the Rate of Interest is calculated in accordance with this General Condition 4(b)(iv)(5); 
(e) 
the Calculation Agent may determine that it is appropriate for a €STR Replacement to replace 
the then-current €STR Benchmark and apply any €STR Replacement Conforming Changes in 
respect of any subsequent €STR Transition Event; and 
(f) 
where a €STR Transition Event or details of it are announced prior to the relevant €STR 
Replacement Date then the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may on or after such earlier 
announcement date give notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 of 
the relevant changes which will be made to the Securities provided that such changes will only 
take effect as of the €STR Replacement Date. 
No €STR Transition Event has occurred and the €STR Benchmark is unavailable 
If, by the relevant €STR Reference Time on a relevant determination date, the €STR Benchmark is 
unavailable in respect of such determination date and a €STR Transition Event has not occurred, then 
the rate for such determination date will be the €STR Benchmark, where applicable, of the Corresponding 
Tenor, as provided by the administrator of the €STR Benchmark and published by an alternative 
authorised distributor or by or on behalf of the administrator of the €STR Benchmark itself. If no such 
rate has been published by 5.00 p.m. (Frankfurt time), then the rate for such determination date will be 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent to be a commercially reasonable alternative for the €STR 
Benchmark by applying one of the following rates: 
(1) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the €STR Benchmark; or 
(2) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body or any other 
supervisor which is responsible for supervising the €STR Benchmark or the administrator of 
the €STR Benchmark, 
in each case, during the period of non-publication of the €STR Benchmark and for so long as a €STR 
Transition Event has not occurred. If a rate described in paragraph (1) is available, the Calculation Agent 
shall apply that rate. If no such rate is available but a rate described in paragraph (2) is available, the 
Calculation Agent shall apply that rate. If neither a rate described in paragraph (1) nor a rate described 
in paragraph (2) is available, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a commercially reasonable 
alternative for the €STR Benchmark taking into account where available any rate implemented by central 
counterparties and/or futures exchanges, in each case with trading volumes in derivatives or futures 
referencing the €STR Benchmark that the Calculation Agent considers sufficient for that rate to be a 
representative alternative rate.

--- Page 110 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
110 
 
 
Notwithstanding any other definitions to the contrary in these General Conditions, the following 
definitions shall apply with respect to this General Condition 4(b)(iv)(5): 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a €STR Replacement means a tenor (including overnight) 
having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for 
the then-current €STR Benchmark. 
"€STR Benchmark" means, initially, the Relevant Rate (as defined in General Condition 4(b)(iv)(2)(D) 
above) of the appropriate tenor (if applicable); provided that if a €STR Transition Event and its related 
€STR Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded Daily €STR, or the then-current 
€STR Benchmark, then "€STR Benchmark" means the applicable €STR Replacement. 
"€STR Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the €STR Benchmark means 11:00 am 
(Brussels time) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following the date of such determination. 
"€STR Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the €STR Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the ISDA Fallback Rate; 
(2) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current €STR Benchmark, where applicable 
for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; or 
(3) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected by the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent as the replacement for the then-current €STR Benchmark, where applicable for the 
applicable Corresponding Tenor, giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of 
interest as a replacement for the then-current €STR Benchmark for floating rate Securities 
denominated in the currency of the €STR Benchmark (the "Relevant Benchmark Currency") 
calculated at such time. 
"€STR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any €STR Replacement, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes (including, but not limited to, timing and frequency of 
determining rates with respect to each interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business day convention, amendments to any other Condition 
and other administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such €STR Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent determines that no market practice for use of the €STR Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines 
is reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). 
"€STR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-
current €STR Benchmark: 
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of "€STR Transition Event", the later of (a) 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date 
on which the administrator of the €STR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide such €STR Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (3) of the definition of "€STR Transition Event", the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced therein, 
for the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the €STR Replacement Date occurs on the same 
day as, but earlier than, the €STR Reference Time in respect of any determination, the €STR Replacement 
Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the €STR Reference Time for such determination. 
"€STR Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to 
the then-current €STR Benchmark:

--- Page 111 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
111 
 
 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark announcing that the administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the €STR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the €STR 
Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the €STR Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the €STR 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the €STR 
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the €STR 
Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the €STR Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the €STR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the €STR Benchmark; or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the €STR Benchmark announcing that the €STR Benchmark is no longer, or as 
of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and 
economic reality that such benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will 
not be restored, the €STR Benchmark has been or will be prohibited from being used or that its 
use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or in 
respect of the Securities. 
"ISDA Definitions" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions published by the international Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") or any 
successor thereto as amended or supplemented from time to time up to the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of such Securities (the "2006 ISDA Definitions"); provided that if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, ISDA Definitions means the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by ISDA 
or any successor thereto as amended or supplemented from time to time up to the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of such Securities (the "2021 ISDA Definitions"); 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of a €STR Transition Event with respect to the €STR Benchmark for the applicable 
tenor. 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a €STR Transition Event with respect to the €STR 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the European Central Bank (including any board thereof) or 
any committee officially endorsed and/or convened thereby. 
(v) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined (the "Interest Determination Date"), determine the Rate of Interest (subject to any 
Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the Issue Terms) for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
Subject to the Payout Conditions, the Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the 
"Interest Amount") payable on the Securities for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities and Reference Item Linked Interest Securities which are 
represented by a Global Security, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities 
represented by such Global Security (or, if they are Partly Paid Securities, the aggregate amount 
paid up); or

--- Page 112 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
112 
 
 
(B) 
in the case of each Floating Rate Security, Reference Item Linked Interest Security and 
Combination Interest Security in definitive form, the Calculation Amount (subject to General 
Condition 4(g)), 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by (i) the Day Count Fraction (as defined in General 
Condition 4(k) below) specified in the Issue Terms and (ii) where an Interest Leverage Multiplier is 
specified as "Applicable" in the Issue Terms, the Interest Leverage Multiplier specified in the Issue 
Terms, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined above) of the relevant Specified 
Currency, one half of such a sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Security and Reference Item Linked Interest 
Security in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable 
in respect of such Security shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided 
above) for each Calculation Amount (subject to General Condition 4(g)) comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
(vi) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the Issue Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then in the event that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above or (d) below (as appropriate) is less than such Minimum Interest 
Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. If the Issue Terms 
do not specify a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall not be less than zero. 
If the Issue Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then in the event that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above or (d) below (as appropriate) is greater than such Maximum Interest 
Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. 
(vii) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation and Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in respect of an 
Interest Period in the applicable Issue Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Principal Paying Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, one of which shall be determined as 
if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as 
the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent shall determine such rate at such time and 
by reference to such sources as the Issuer determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(viii) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), 
and, if applicable, to the stock exchange on which the relevant Securities are for the time being listed. In 
addition, the Principal Paying Agent shall publish or cause to be published such Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date in accordance with General Condition 13 as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Securities are for the time being listed and to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13.

--- Page 113 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
113 
 
 
For Notes listed on the regulated market of Borsa Italiana MOT, the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on 
its behalf) will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to Borsa Italiana no later than (i) two Milan Business Days 
prior to the first day of each Interest Period in the case of Securities to be traded on an ex coupon basis 
(corso secco); or (ii) three Milan Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Period End Date in the case 
of Securities to be traded on a cum-coupon basis (tel quel). Notice of the foregoing will be published in 
accordance with General Condition 13 as soon as possible after the determination and in no event later 
than four Milan Business Days thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to Borsa Italiana. The Issuer will cause the early redemption of the 
Securities to be notified to Borsa Italiana three Milan Business Days in advance at the latest.  
For the purposes of this Condition, the expression ("Milan Business Day") means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in 
Milan. 
(ix) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, determinations, calculations and decisions made for the purposes of 
the provisions of this paragraph (b), by the Principal Paying Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, 
bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Principal Paying 
Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Securityholders, and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to 
the Securityholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent, in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(c) 
Interest on Specified Interest Amount Securities 
Each Specified Interest Amount Security shall bear interest at an amount per Calculation Amount equal to the 
Specified Interest Amount as so specified in the Specified Interest Amount provisions of the Issue Terms which 
shall be payable on the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date(s) also specified thereon, adjusted, where 
applicable for any Business Day Convention. For the avoidance of doubt, different Specified Interest Amounts 
may be payable in respect of Specified Interest Payment Dates. In respect of Credit Linked Securities only, the 
Specified Interest shall be multiplied by the Specified Interest Amount Multiplier as so specified in the Specified 
Interest Amount provisions of the Issue Terms. If no Specified Interest Amount Multiplieris specified or the 
Specified Interest Amount Multiplier is specified in the Issue Terms as "Not applicable", the Specified Interest 
Amount Multiplier shall be deemed to be equal to 1. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Securities 
Where a Zero Coupon Security becomes due and repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, 
the amount due and repayable shall be the amount determined in accordance with General Condition 6(f)(i) as its 
Early Redemption Amount. As from the Maturity Date, any overdue principal of such Security shall bear interest 
at a rate per annum equal to the Accrual Yield specified in the Issue Terms. Such interest shall continue to accrue 
(as well after as before any judgment) until the day on which all sums due in respect of such Security up to that 
day are received by or on behalf of the holder of such Security. Such interest will be calculated on the basis of a 
360 day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each and in the case of an incomplete month the actual number 
of days elapsed in such incomplete month or on such other basis as may be specified in the Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Switchable Securities 
In the case of Switchable Securities, the Issuer may switch the Interest Basis on the date(s) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms (the "Optional Switch Date(s)") from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate (the "Issuer Switch Option"). The switch of the interest basis is effective after a notice (the 
"Switch Notice") has been delivered within the minimum notice period required for such notice as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms (the "Minimum Notice Period") before the relevant Optional Switch Date to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 specifying that the Interest Basis will be switched and 
with respect of which Optional Switch Date. 
(f) 
Interest on Reference Item Linked Interest Securities

--- Page 114 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
114 
 
 
In the case of Reference Item Linked Interest Securities, where the Rate of Interest and/or the Interest Amount 
(whether on any Interest Payment Date, early redemption, maturity or otherwise) is to be determined by reference 
to one or more Reference Items, the Rate of Interest and/or the Interest Amount shall be determined where 
applicable as provided in the Payout Annex. 
(g) 
Interest on Partly Paid Securities 
In the case of Partly Paid Securities (other than Partly Paid Securities which are Zero Coupon Securities) interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Securities. 
(h) 
Interest Payments and Accrual of Interest 
Interest will be paid subject to and in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 4. Interest will cease 
to accrue on each Security (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Security, that part only of such 
Security) on the due date for redemption thereof unless otherwise provided in these General Conditions or any 
Annex and otherwise unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal or the payment, and/or delivery 
of the Entitlement as set out in the Issue Terms (if applicable), is improperly withheld or refused, in which event 
interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) at the Fixed Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Rate of Interest at such day count fraction as the Principal Paying Agent determines appropriate or as otherwise 
provided in the Issue Terms until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due and/or assets 
comprised in the Entitlement in respect of such Security up to that day are received by or on behalf of the holder 
of such Security and (ii) the day on which the Principal Paying Agent or any agent appointed by the Issuer to 
deliver such assets to Securityholders has notified the holder thereof (either in accordance with General 
Condition 13 or individually) of receipt of all sums due and/or assets comprised in the Entitlement in respect 
thereof up to that date (subject, in the case of Credit Linked Securities to which Credit Linked Interest is 
applicable, to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 5). 
(i) 
Calculation Agent 
(i) 
Any determination specified in General Conditions  4(a) to (h) (inclusive) is to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms). 
(ii) 
A Calculation Agent must be appointed for the determination of the Rate of Interest without the 
imposition of any additional duties on the Principal Paying Agent. 
(j) 
Benchmark 
Where an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as defined in General Condition 6(l)) occurs in respect of a 
Benchmark which is used in whole or in part to calculate interest under General Condition 4, the Calculation 
Agent shall elect to take one of the actions described in General Condition 6(l). 
(k) 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meaning set out below: 
"Business Day" means a day which is: 
(A) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System (T2) or any successor thereto (the "T2 System" or "T2") is open (a 
"TARGET Settlement Day"); 
(B) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
currency (and which, (i) if the currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively, or (ii) if the currency is Renminbi shall be the relevant Renminbi Settlement 
Centre(s));

--- Page 115 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
115 
 
 
(C) 
in relation to any sum payable in relation to Securities that are held by or on behalf of DTC, any day on 
which DTC is open for business; and 
(D) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional 
Business Centre specified in the Issue Terms; 
"Business Day Convention": If any date referred to in the Conditions would otherwise fall on a day which is not 
a Business Day, then, it shall (except where it is provided otherwise in the Conditions) be subject to adjustment 
in accordance with a business day convention as follows:: 
(A) 
if the applicable Issue Terms provide that "Floating Rate Convention" is applicable, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (ii) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
(B) 
if the applicable Issue Terms provide that "Following Business Day Convention" is applicable, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; 
(C) 
if the applicable Issue Terms provide that "Modified Following Business Day Convention" is 
applicable, such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day;  
(D) 
if the applicable Issue Terms provide that "Preceding Business Day Convention" is applicable, such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(E) 
if no Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention shall apply. 
"Calculation Amount" means, in relation to any Securities, (i) where the Securities have only one Specified 
Denomination, such Specified Denomination, and (ii) where the Securities have more than one Specified 
Denomination, the lowest common factor of those Specified Denominations and (iii) where the Calculation 
Amount is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Amount specified. If no Calculation Amount 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, each reference in the Conditions to Calculation Amount shall be read 
as reference to the Specified Denomination. 
"Daily Capped Rate" has the meaning specified in the ISDA Definitions; 
"Daily Floored Rate" has the meaning specified in the ISDA Definitions; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period: 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the Issue Terms: 
(1) 
in the case of Securities where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Period End Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the Issue Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; or 
(2) 
in the case of Securities where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(3) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (a) the number of days in such Determination

--- Page 116 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
116 
 
 
Period and (b) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the Issue Terms) that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(4) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by 
the product of (a) the number of days in such Determination Period and (b) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
where: 
"Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the Issue Terms; 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the Interest Period End Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); 
(B) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the Issue Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (1) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (2) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365; 
(D) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(E) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the Issue Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided 
by 360; 
(F) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the Issue Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number is 31 
in which case D1, will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day expressed as a number immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1, is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 117 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
117 
 
 
(G) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the Issue Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"Ml" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31 in which case Dl, will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(H) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the Issue Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"Dl" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number 
would be 31 in which case D2 will be 30. 
(I) 
if "1/1" or "1" is specified, one. 
(J) 
if "Not applicable" or no Day Count Fraction is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Day 
Count Fraction will not be taken into account in any calculation of interest. 
5. 
Payments, Physical Delivery and Exchange of Talons 
For the purposes of this General Condition 5, references to payment or repayment (as the case may be) of principal 
and/or interest and other similar expressions shall, where the context so admits, be deemed also to refer to delivery 
of any Entitlement(s).

--- Page 118 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
118 
 
 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
(i) 
Registered Securities 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of each 
Registered Security (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Security at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the 
Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Security appearing in the Register (i) where in a global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at 
the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date 
(the "Record Date"). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated 
Account or (ii) the nominal amount of the Securities held by a holder is less than US$250,000 (or integral 
multiples of US$1,000 in excess thereof) (or its approximate equivalent in any other currency), payment 
will instead be made by a cheque in the relevant currency of payment drawn on a Designated Bank (as 
defined below). For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account (which, in the case of a 
payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account and if the currency 
is Renminbi, an account denominated in Renminbi and maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and 
guidelines issued from time to time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to 
settlement in Renminbi in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s)) maintained by a holder with a 
Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case of 
payment in a currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency (which, if such currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in 
euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect 
of each Registered Security (whether or not in global form) will be made by a cheque in the currency of 
payment drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on the business day in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding the relevant due date to the holder 
(or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Security appearing in the Register (A) other than 
in the case of payments denominated in Renminbi (i) where in a global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant Clearing System are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive 
form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) 
before the Record Date or (B) in the case of payments denominated in Renminbi, at the close of business 
on the fifth day (whether or not such fifth day is a business day), at his address shown in the Register on 
the Record Date and at his risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not 
less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the 
due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Security, the payment may be made by 
transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for 
transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) 
and instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of the Registered Securities which 
become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the Registrar is 
notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect of each 
Registered Security on redemption and the final instalment of principal will be made in the same manner 
as payment of the nominal amount of such Registered Security. 
Holders of Registered Securities will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Security as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this General Condition 5 arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Securities. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered

--- Page 119 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
119 
 
 
Global Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Registered Global Security in respect 
of Securities denominated in a currency other than US dollars shall be paid by transfer by the Registrar 
to an account in the relevant currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for 
conversion into and payment in US dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
(ii) 
Bearer Securities 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Definitive Bearer Securities will (subject as 
provided below) be made against presentation or surrender of such Bearer Securities or Coupons, as the 
case may be, at any specified office of any Paying Agent. Payments of principal in respect of instalments 
(if any), other than the last instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made against surrender of the 
relevant Receipt. Payment of the last instalment will be made against surrender of the relevant Bearer 
Security. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of such instalment together with the relevant 
Definitive Bearer Security against which the amount will be payable in respect of that instalment. If any 
Definitive Bearer Securities are redeemed or become repayable prior to the Maturity Date in respect 
thereof, principal will be payable on surrender of each such Security together with all unmatured Receipts 
appertaining thereto. Unmatured Receipts and Receipts presented without the Definitive Bearer 
Securities to which they appertain do not constitute obligations of the Issuer. All payments of interest 
and principal with respect to Bearer Securities will be made only against presentation and surrender of 
the relevant Bearer Securities, Coupons or Receipts outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America and except as otherwise provided in the third succeeding 
paragraph. No payment with respect to the Bearer Securities will be made by mail to an address in the 
United States or by transfer to an account maintained by the holder in the United States. 
Subject as provided below and subject also as provided in the Issue Terms, payments in respect of 
definitive Securities (other than Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities) denominated in a 
currency (other than euro) or, in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities, payable in 
a currency (other than euro) will (subject as provided below) be made by a cheque in the currency drawn 
on, or, at the option of the holder and upon 15 days' prior notice to the Principal Paying Agent, by transfer 
to an account in the currency maintained by the payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency. Payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account or any 
other account to which euro may be credited or transferred specified by the payee or, at the option of the 
payee, by euro-cheque. In the case of Renminbi, payments will be made by transfer to an account 
denominated in Renminbi and maintained by the payee with a bank in the relevant Renminbi Settlement 
Centre(s) in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and guidelines issued from time to 
time (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to settlement in Renminbi in the relevant 
Renminbi Settlement Centre(s)). 
(iii) 
Global Securities 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Securities represented by any Global Security 
will be made in the manner specified above and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global 
Security against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Security at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside of the United States. A record of each payment made on such Global 
Security, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on 
such Global Security by the Paying Agent to which such Global Security is presented for the purpose of 
making such payment, and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has 
been made. 
The holder of a Global Security shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Securities represented by such Global Security and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will 
be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Security in respect of each 
amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Securities represented by such Global 
Security must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for his 
share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Security. No person other than the holder of the relevant Global Security shall

--- Page 120 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
120 
 
 
have any claim against the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of any payments due in respect of such 
Global Security. 
(iv) 
Payments in United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments in respect of Bearer Securities denominated and payable in US 
dollars will be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in the United States if (a) the Issuer shall 
have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment at such specified offices outside the 
United States of the full amount due on the Bearer Securities in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) payment of the full amount due at all such specified offices outside the United States is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of 
principal and interest in US dollars; and (c) such payment is then permitted under United States law 
without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences for the Issuer 
and the Guarantor. 
(v) 
Coupons 
Fixed Rate Bearer Securities in definitive form should be presented for payment with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall include Coupons to be issued on exchange of 
Talons which will have matured on or before the relevant redemption date), failing which the full amount 
of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of 
the full amount of such missing unmatured Coupon which the sum so paid bears to the total amount due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Any amount so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relevant missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the 
Relevant Date (as defined in General Condition 7) for the payment of such sum due for payment, whether 
or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to General Condition 10 or, if later, five years from the 
due date for payment of such Coupon. Upon any Fixed Rate Bearer Security becoming due and repayable 
prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no 
further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Floating Rate Security, Specified Interest Amount Security, 
Index Linked Security, Equity Linked Security, Inflation Linked Security, ETF Linked Security, Fund 
Linked Security, Credit Linked Security, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security, Bond Linked 
Security, Custom Index Linked Security or Combination Security in definitive bearer form all unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Security (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be 
made in respect of them. Where any Floating Rate Security, Specified Interest Amount Security, Index 
Linked Security, Equity Linked Security, Inflation Linked Security, ETF Linked Security, Fund Linked 
Security, Credit Linked Security, Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security, Bond Linked Security, 
Custom Index Linked Security or Combination Security is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto, payment of all amounts due in relation to such Security shall 
be made only against the provision of such indemnity of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable). 
(vi) 
Payments 
If any date for payment of any amount in respect of any Security, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, then the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next following 
Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other sum in respect of any such delay. 
For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to General Condition 10) is: 
(A) 
If (i) no Additional Financial Centre is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) the 
Securities are not issued in definitive form, a Business Day; or 
(B) 
in the case of Securities in definitive form only, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant place of presentation; or 
(C) 
If Additional Financial Centre(s) is/are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general

--- Page 121 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
121 
 
 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits), in each 
Additional Financial Centre specified in the Issue Terms; 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including 
(if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to, and including, the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Security to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions 
of General Condition 11. Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Conditions, be deemed to mature 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
Payments in respect of the Securities will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws, regulations 
and directives applicable thereto (including all applicable laws and regulations with respect to settlement 
of Renminbi in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s)); (ii) any withholding or deduction required 
pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code (“Section 871(m) Withholding”), and (iii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreement thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or in each case any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
In determining the amount of Section 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to be 
paid on the Securities, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend equivalent” (as defined 
for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless 
of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
Payments on the Securities that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be 
calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent..  
In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the 
Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in 
Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
(vii) 
Payment Disruption Event 
If "Payment Disruption Event" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, where the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Payment Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to occur: 
(A) 
the next date for payment of any amount due in respect of the Securities will be postponed to 
the earliest to occur of (i) the date falling 2 Business Days after the date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Payment Disruption Event is no longer occurring or (ii) the date 
falling 30 calendar days following the scheduled due date for payment of the relevant amount 
(the "Postponed Payment Date"), which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. No interest shall accrue and no Event of Default will result on account 
of such postponement; and 
(B) 
(i) in the case of paragraph (A)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant amount due in respect 
of the Securities in the Specified Currency on the Postponed Payment Date, or (ii) in the case 
of paragraph (A)(ii) above, the Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13, and (i) convert the relevant amount due in respect of the Securities into 
U.S. Dollars using the rate of exchange between the Specified Currency and the U.S. Dollar that 
the Calculation Agent determines 5 Business Days prior to the Postponed Payment Date and 
taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. The Issuer will pay such amount 
in U.S. Dollars less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (if any) of amending or 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements in connection with such Payment 
Disruption Event and/or the related payment, and the Issuer shall have no further obligations 
whatsoever for the relevant payment under the Securities or (ii) if the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is not possible to determine the rate of exchange, the Issuer may early redeem 
all the Securities at an amount in U.S. Dollars determined pursuant to General Condition 6(f). 
For the purposes of the above, "Payment Disruption Event" means an event which (a) prevents, restricts 
or delays the Issuer from converting or delivering relevant currencies, (b) imposes capital or exchange

--- Page 122 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
122 
 
 
controls, (c) implements changes to laws relating to foreign investments or, (d) otherwise prohibits or 
prevents the Issuer from making a payment or performing an obligation required of it as a result of war, 
catastrophe, governmental action or other event beyond its control, including the relevant currencies 
exclusion as full settlement currency in the clearing systems where the Securities settled on the Issue 
Date. 
(viii) 
Renminbi Currency Event 
If "Renminbi Currency Event" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, upon the occurrence of a 
Renminbi Currency Event, the Calculation Agent may determine that (i) the relevant payment and/or 
delivery obligations of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, be postponed to the tenth Business 
Day after the date on which the Renminbi Currency Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
ceases to exist or, if that would not be commercially reasonable, as soon as commercially reasonable 
thereafter; (ii) any of the obligations to pay Renminbi under the Securities, including cash amounts due 
in respect of Physically Settled Securities or any other relevant Renminbi amount(s) determined pursuant 
to the Conditions be replaced by an obligation to pay such amount in U.S. dollars converted using the 
CNH/USD exchange rate applicable on the relevant Renminbi Determination Date at or around 3.00 p.m. 
(Hong Kong time) as determined by the Calculation Agent; and/or (iii) the Issuer may redeem the 
Securities early by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 and the 
Issuer will pay to each Securityholder in respect of each principal amount of Securities equal to the 
Calculation Amount held by such holder, an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. 
The Issuer shall, as soon as practicable after the occurrence of a Renminbi Currency Event, give notice 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the occurrence of the Renminbi 
Currency Event and giving details thereof. 
Where an event occurs that could be a Disruption Event, an Additional Disruption Event, a Potential 
Adjustment Event or any other form of disruption event specified in the Conditions or, alternatively, also 
be a Renminbi Currency Event, the above Renminbi Currency Event provisions will prevail.  
For the purpose of this Condition and unless stated otherwise in the Issue Terms: 
"Determination Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) and settle payments in Hong Kong, London, Madrid and New 
York City; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the relevant 
Renminbi Settlement Centre(s); 
"Hedge Position" means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, 
derivatives or foreign exchange, (ii) stock loan transactions or (iii) other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described) purchased, sold, entered into or maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or 
any of their Affiliates in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the Securities. 
"Renminbi" and "CNH" means the currency of the People's Republic of China (excluding, for the 
purpose of these Conditions, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of 
China, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan) 
("PRC").  
"Renminbi Currency Event" means any one of Renminbi Illiquidity, Renminbi Inconvertibility and 
Renminbi Non Transferability; 
"Renminbi Determination Date" means the day which is two Determination Business Days before the 
date of the relevant payment under the Securities; 
"Renminbi Illiquidity" means the occurrence of any event or circumstance whereby (i) the general 
Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, without limitation, the

--- Page 123 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
123 
 
 
existence of any significant price distortion) as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient 
Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under the Securities or (if applicable) any party to a Hedge 
Position would not be able to obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under such 
Hedge Position; or (ii) it becomes impossible or impractical for the Issuer (or, if applicable, would be 
impossible or impractical for any party to a Hedge Position) to obtain a firm quote of the exchange rate, 
in each case, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Renminbi Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition that has 
the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or has the effect prohibiting, restricting or 
materially delaying the ability of, the Issuer or (if applicable) any party to a Hedge Position to convert 
any amount as may be required to be paid by any party on any payment date in respect of the Securities 
or (if applicable) any Hedge Position into Renminbi or any other currency, other than where such 
impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any of 
its affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal 
for the relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of that party and/or 
its Affiliates, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); and 
"Renminbi Non Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the Issuer or (if applicable) any party to a Hedge Position and/or any of its 
affiliates to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) or 
from an account inside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside such Renminbi 
Settlement Centre(s) (including where the Renminbi clearing and settlement system for participating 
banks in the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended) or from an account 
outside the relevant Renminbi Settlement Centre(s) to an account inside such Renminbi Settlement 
Centre(s), other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of 
the relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date and it is 
impossible, impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates, due to an event 
beyond the control of the relevant party and/or any of its Affiliates (as applicable), to comply with such 
law, rule or regulation). 
"Renminbi Settlement Centre(s)" means Hong Kong, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
(b) 
Physical Delivery 
(i) 
Physical Delivery 
If (i) Physical Settlement is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms (each such Security a "Physical 
Delivery Security") and the conditions for Physical Settlement are satisfied or (ii) Variation Settlement 
is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and the Issuer exercises such option, such Security will be 
redeemed by the Issuer by delivery of the Entitlement on the Delivery Date. 
(A) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In relation to Securities to be redeemed by delivery or, in the case of Credit Linked Securities 
to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, Delivery (as such term is defined in the Credit 
Linked Conditions) of the Entitlement(s) (as defined below), in order to obtain delivery or 
Delivery, as the case may be, of the Entitlement in respect of any Security, the relevant 
Securityholder must: 
(1) 
if such Security is represented by a Global Security no Securityholder will be required 
to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice where the Securities are represented by a Global 
Security; and 
(2) 
if such Security is in definitive form, deliver (i) if such Security is a Bearer Security, 
to any Paying Agent or (ii) if such Security is a Registered Security, to the Registrar 
or any Paying Agent, in each case, with a copy to the Principal Paying Agent and the

--- Page 124 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
124 
 
 
Delivery Agent (as defined above) no later than the close of business in each place of 
reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
For the purposes hereof, "Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or 
if not so specified (a) in respect of a Security that is not a Credit Linked Security to which Credit 
Linked Redemption is applicable, the fifth Business Day immediately preceding the Delivery 
Date or (b) in respect of a Credit Linked Security to which Credit Linked Redemption is 
applicable, the third Business Day immediately preceding the Credit Settlement Date. 
A form of Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Paying Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (i) if such Security is represented by a Global 
Security, in such manner as is acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, or (ii) if such Security is in definitive form, in writing. 
If a Security is in definitive form, it must be delivered together with the duly completed Asset 
Transfer Notice. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(1) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant Securityholder 
and the person from whom the Issuer or Delivery Agent may obtain details for the 
delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement; 
(2) 
specify the series number of the Securities and the number of Securities which are the 
subject of such notice; 
(3) 
in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, specify the nominal amount 
of Securities which are the subject of such notice and the number of the 
Securityholder's account at the relevant Clearing System to be debited with such 
Securities and irrevocably instruct and authorise the relevant Clearing System to debit 
the relevant Securityholder's account with such Securities on or before the Delivery 
Date or (in the case of Credit Linked Securities to which Credit Linked Redemption is 
applicable) the Credit Settlement Date; 
(4) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses (as defined below) and, in the case of 
Securities represented by a Global Security, an authority to the relevant Clearing 
System to debit a specified account of the Securityholder with the relevant Clearing 
System in respect thereof and to pay such Expenses; 
(5) 
include such details as are required for delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement which 
may include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into whose 
name evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent 
to whom documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be delivered or Delivered and 
specify the name and number of the Securityholder's account to be credited with any 
cash payable by the Issuer, (including, where applicable, pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 1, in respect of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement) or any 
dividends relating to the Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event or a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to pay 
the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount or Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount, 
as applicable, or as a result of the Issuer electing to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption 
Amount (each as defined below); 
(6) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Security is not a U.S. person (as defined in the 
Asset Transfer Notice), the Security is not being redeemed within the United States or 
on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property have been or will 
be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. 
person in connection with any redemption thereof; and

--- Page 125 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
125 
 
 
(7) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
Copies of such Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained from the Registrar or any Paying Agent. 
(B) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly completed and in proper form 
shall be made by the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, in each case in 
consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor (if applicable), the Principal Paying Agent(s), any Delivery Agent and the 
relevant Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Asset Transfer Notice so determined to 
be incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied to the Principal Paying Agent and 
any Delivery Agent immediately after being delivered or sent as provided in General Condition 
5(b)(i)(A), shall be null and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of, in the case of 
Securities represented by a Global Security, the relevant Clearing System, in the case of 
Securities in definitive form, by the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, in each case in 
consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Asset Transfer 
Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered as provided above. 
The relevant Clearing System, Delivery Agent, Registrar or Paying Agent, as applicable, shall 
use its reasonable efforts as soon as reasonably practicable to notify the Securityholder 
submitting an Asset Transfer Notice or, if, in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent, it 
has determined that such Asset Transfer Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the 
absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Paying Agents or the relevant Clearing System shall be liable to any person with respect to any 
action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the notification 
of such determination to a Securityholder. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the relevant Clearing 
System, the Registrar, the Delivery Agent or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, as provided 
above. After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Securityholder may not transfer 
the Securities which are the subject of such notice. 
The Entitlement will be delivered on the date fixed for redemption (such date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with this General Condition 5(b)(i)(B), the "Delivery Date") or (in 
the case of Credit Linked Securities to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable) 
Delivered on the Credit Settlement Date, in each case at the risk of the relevant Securityholder 
in the manner provided below and provided that, in each case, the Asset Transfer Notice, is duly 
delivered as provided above not later than the close of business in each place of reception on 
the Cut-Off Date. 
If a Securityholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein with a copy to each 
relevant party prior to the close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, then 
the Entitlement will be delivered or, as the case may be, Delivered as soon as practicable after 
the Delivery Date or the Credit Settlement Date, as the case may be, at the risk of such 
Securityholder in the manner set out below, provided that, if in respect of a Security, an Asset 
Transfer Notice is not delivered to the relevant Clearing System and/or each other relevant party, 
as the case may be, with a copy to the Issuer, prior to the close of business in each place of 
reception on the 90th calendar day following the Cut-off Date then (a) if "Assessed Value 
Payment Amount" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall as soon as 
reasonably practicable following such date determine the Assessed Value Payment Amount (as 
defined below) and in respect of such Security shall pay the Assessed Value Payment Amount 
to the relevant Securityholder in lieu of delivery of the Entitlement as soon as reasonably 
practicable following determination of the Assessed Value Payment Amount, or (b) if "Assessed 
Value Payment Amount" is specified as 'not applicable' in the Issue Terms, the Issuer's

--- Page 126 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
126 
 
 
obligations in respect of such Security and the Guarantor's obligations pursuant to the Guarantee 
in respect of such Security shall be discharged and no further liability in respect thereof shall 
attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable. Upon payment of the Assessed Value 
Payment Amount, if applicable, the Issuer's and the Guarantor's obligations in respect of such 
Security shall be discharged. For the avoidance of doubt, in the circumstances described above, 
such Securityholder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, as a 
result of a failure to give an Asset Transfer Notice in relation to a Delivery Date or the Credit 
Settlement Date, as applicable and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor as applicable. 
The Issuer (or any Delivery Agent on its behalf) shall, at the risk of the relevant Securityholder, 
deliver (or procure the delivery) or Deliver (or procure the Delivery) of the Entitlement for each 
Security, in such commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent shall in its sole 
discretion determine and notify to the person designated by the Securityholder in the relevant 
Asset Transfer Notice or in such manner as is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. All costs, 
taxes, duties and/or expenses including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, transfer tax and/or 
other costs, duties or taxes ("Expenses") arising from the delivery or Delivery, as the case may 
be, of the Entitlement, in respect of such Securities shall be for the account of the relevant 
Securityholder and no delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement shall be made until all Expenses 
have been paid by the relevant Securityholder to the satisfaction of the Issuer. 
(C) 
General 
Securities held by the same Securityholder may be aggregated for the purpose of determining 
the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Securities, provided that, the aggregate 
Entitlements in respect of the same Securityholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole 
unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine. Fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and in lieu thereof a cash adjustment 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion shall be paid to the 
Securityholder. 
Following the Delivery Date or Credit Settlement Date in respect of a share forming part of the 
Entitlement, all dividends on the relevant shares to be delivered will be payable to the relevant 
party according to market practice assuming a sale of the shares has been executed on the 
Delivery Date or Credit Settlement Date. Any such dividends to be paid to a Securityholder will 
be paid to the account specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as 
referred to in General Condition 5(b)(i)(A). 
For such period of time after delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement until the Delivery Date or 
the Credit Settlement Date (the "Intervening Period"), none of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable), the Paying Agents, the Registrar, any Delivery Agent or any other person shall 
at any time (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any Securityholder any 
letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except as provided herein, payment 
whatsoever received by that person in respect of such securities, obligations or Deliverable 
Obligations, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights 
attaching to such securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations or (iii) be under any liability 
to a Securityholder in respect of any loss or damage which such Securityholder may sustain or 
suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being registered during such 
Intervening Period as legal owner of such securities, obligations or Deliverable Obligations. 
(D) 
Settlement Disruption 
The provisions of this General Condition 5(b)(i)(D) apply to Securities other than Credit Linked 
Securities to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable. 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement in such commercially 
reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has determined is not practicable by reason of a 
Settlement Disruption Event other than a Relevant Asset Redemption Event (each as defined 
below) having occurred and continuing on the Delivery Date, then the Delivery Date shall be

--- Page 127 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
127 
 
 
postponed to the first following Settlement Business Day (or, if no Settlement Business Day is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the first following business day for the Relevant Asset) 
in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, provided that, the Issuer may 
elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Security by 
delivering the Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select 
and in such event the Delivery Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in 
connection with delivery of the Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Asset Redemption Event, the Entitlement Amount shall 
be deemed to be a cash amount equal to the proceeds of redemption of the Entitlement specified 
in the Issue Terms less (where 'Unwind Costs' are specified as being applicable in the Issue 
Terms), an amount equal to all Unwind Costs (as defined below), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the 
Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Delivery Date for the Relevant Assets not 
affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated Delivery Date. 
For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption 
Event other than a Relevant Asset Redemption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy 
its obligations in respect of the relevant Security by payment to the relevant Securityholder of 
the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the fifth Business Day 
following the date that notice of such election is given to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13. Payment of the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount will be made in 
such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13. The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 that a Settlement Disruption Event 
has occurred. 
No Securityholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Security in the 
event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or 
any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, 
control means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity; 
"Disruption Cash Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any relevant Security, the fair 
market value of such Security (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event 
affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and such non 
affected Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant 
Assets) less the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion; 
"Hedging Arrangements" means any transaction(s), asset(s) or trading position(s) the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may enter into or hold from time to time (including, if 
applicable, on a portfolio basis) to hedge directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in part 
the credit or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to 
the Securities. 
"Relevant Asset Redemption Event" means, in respect of a Relevant Asset which is specified 
in the Issue Terms to be a debt obligation in the form of a bond, that the Relevant Asset has 
been redeemed for any reason, on or prior to the Maturity Date of the Securities; 
"Settlement Business Day" has the meaning specified in the Issue Terms; 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, as a result of which the

--- Page 128 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
128 
 
 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, cannot make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) using 
the method specified in the Conditions and/or the Issue Terms; and 
"Unwind Costs" means the amount specified in the Issue Terms (if any) or if "Standard Unwind 
Costs" are specified in the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the aggregate sum of (without duplication) all costs (including loss of funding), fees, charges, 
expenses, tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with 
the redemption of the Relevant Assets and the Securities and the related termination, settlement 
or re-establishment of any Hedging Arrangements. 
(E) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity 
The provisions of this General Condition 5(b)(i)(E) apply to the Securities other than Credit 
Linked Securities to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable. 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms and, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some 
or all of the Relevant Assets (the "Affected Relevant Assets") comprising the Entitlement, 
where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets (a 
"Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity"), then: 
(1) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Conditions, any Relevant Assets which are not 
Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the originally designated date of 
redemption in accordance with this General Condition 5(b); and 
(2) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion 
to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Security by payment to the relevant 
Securityholder of the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount (as defined below) on 
the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. Payment of the Failure to 
Deliver Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. The Calculation Agent shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 that the provisions of this General Condition 5(b)(i)(E) apply. 
For the purposes hereof, "Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any 
relevant Security, the fair market value of such Security (taking into account, the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Entitlement which have been duly delivered as provided above, the value 
of such Relevant Assets), less the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
(ii) 
Variation of Settlement 
If the Issue Terms indicate that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in respect of the Securities, 
the Issuer may at its sole and unfettered discretion in respect of each such Security, elect not to pay the 
relevant Securityholders the Final Redemption Amount or to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Entitlement to the relevant Securityholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof to deliver or procure 
delivery of the Entitlement or make payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date to 
the relevant Securityholders, as the case may be. Notification of such election will be given to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 and the provisions of this General 
Condition 5(b) shall apply accordingly. Where so specified in the Issue Terms, the Issuer shall give not 
less than the minimum period of notice and/or not more than the maximum period of notice. 
(iii) 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount 
Notwithstanding any provision of these General Conditions to the contrary, the Issuer may, in its sole 
and absolute discretion in respect of Securities to which this General Condition 5(b) applies, if the 
Calculation Agent determines (in its sole and absolute discretion) that the Relevant Asset or Relevant

--- Page 129 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
129 
 
 
Assets, as the case may be, comprises assets which are not freely tradable, elect either (i) to substitute 
for the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, an equivalent value (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) of such other assets which the Calculation Agent 
determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, are freely tradable (the "Substitute Asset" or the 
"Substitute Assets", as the case may be) or (ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement 
or the Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, to the relevant Securityholders, but in lieu thereof to make 
payment to the relevant Securityholder on the Delivery Date of an amount equal to the fair market value 
of the Entitlement on or about the time of so electing as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion by reference to such sources as it considers appropriate (the "Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount"). Notification of any such election will be given to Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13 and in the event that the Issuer elects to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption 
Amount such notice shall give details of the manner in which such amount shall be paid. 
For purposes hereof, a "freely tradable" security shall mean (i) with respect to the United States, a 
security which is registered under the Securities Act or not restricted under the Securities Act and which 
is not purchased from the issuer of such security and not purchased from an affiliate of the issuer of such 
security or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradable security for purposes of the 
Securities Act, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
or (ii) with respect to any other jurisdiction, a security not subject to any legal restrictions on transfer in 
such jurisdiction. 
(iv) 
Rights of Securityholders and Calculations 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent, any Delivery Agent and the 
Agents shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions in any calculation or determination in 
respect of the Securities. 
The purchase of Securities does not confer on any holder of such Securities any rights (whether in respect 
of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
(v) 
For the purposes of the General Conditions: 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, control means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity; and 
"Assessed Value Payment Amount" means, in respect of a Security, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the assets comprised in the Entitlement in respect of 
such Security less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying relating hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer. 
"Entitlement", in respect of each Calculation Amount, shall be a quantity of the Relevant Asset(s) (and 
any cash amount to be delivered as a result of rounding down) specified in the Issue Terms equal to the 
Entitlement Amount specified in the Issue Terms or, in the case of Credit Linked Securities to which 
Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, the Deliverable Obligations to be delivered pursuant to the 
Credit Linked Conditions. If the Relevant Asset is specified in the Issue Terms to be a debt obligation in 
the form of a bond (a "Bond Asset") and the relevant Securities are not Bond Linked Securities, the 
Entitlement in respect of each Calculation Amount, shall be a nominal amount of such Bond Asset (and 
any cash amount to be delivered as a result of rounding down) specified in the Issue Terms having a face 
value equal to the Entitlement Amount specified in the Issue Terms. In respect of any Bond Asset (i) the 
Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments as it, in its sole and absolute discretion determines to be 
necessary, to the Entitlement to be so delivered, in order to take account of any redenomination, 
subdivision, consolidation, reclassification or any event having a dilutive or concentrative effect on the 
value of the Bond Asset; or (ii) if such Bond Asset is converted into or exchanged for other securities in 
accordance with the terms of any voluntary or involuntary exchange or restructuring programme, the 
Entitlement shall be a nominal amount of the such converted securities or securities for which the Bond 
Asset has been exchanged, having a face value equal to the Entitlement Amount. If the Calculation Agent 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that such securities are not freely tradable, the provisions 
of General Condition 5(b)(iii) shall apply.

--- Page 130 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
130 
 
 
"Relevant Asset(s)" means the relevant asset(s) so specified in the Issue Terms. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Security  will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at its relevant Final Redemption Amount in the Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in 
the Issue Terms. This does not apply for (i) Credit Linked Securities and/or (ii) if Physical Settlement is specified 
as applicable in the Issue Terms and the conditions for Physical Settlement are satisfied. Securities may not be 
redeemed other than in accordance with these General Conditions and any applicable Annex. 
For Securities that are intended to be traded on Borsa Italiana S.p.A., notwithstanding any other provision of the 
Conditions, such Securities shall be deemed to be automatically exercised on the Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza) 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms (the "Expiry Date"). The minimum number of Securities that may be 
exercised in respect of a Securityholder shall be no less than the Minimum Tradable Amount. 
"Final Redemption Amount" shall be, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in 
respect of each Calculation Amount, equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by: (i) the percentage, or (ii) the 
Final Payout specified in the Issue Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Final Payout is zero or negative, no 
amount shall be payable on the final redemption of the Security.  
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Securities may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Security 
is not a Floating Rate Security) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Security is a Floating Rate Security), on 
giving not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with General 
Condition 13, the Securityholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if: 
(i) 
(A) on the occasion of the next payment due under the Securities, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in General Condition 7 or the Guarantor would be 
unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself 
would be required to pay such additional amounts (as defined in General Condition 7); or (B) there is 
any change after the Issue Date of the Securities in the application or binding official interpretation of 
the applicable laws or regulations as a result of which withholding tax is applicable to the Securities, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the issue date of the Securities; and 
(ii) 
in the case of General Condition 6(b)(i)(A) above, such obligation to pay additional amounts cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment 
in respect of the Securities then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this General Condition 6, the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the 
Issuer (or if at the time that such certification is to be given the Issuer has only one Director, such certificate may 
be signed by such Director) or, as the case may be, by a duly authorised signatory of the Guarantor stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged 
to pay such additional amounts. 
Each Security redeemed pursuant to this General Condition 6(b) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in General Condition 6(f) below and no further interest will be payable since the immediately 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date. 
(c) 
Redemption for Illegality

--- Page 131 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
131 
 
 
In the event that the Issuer determines in good faith that the performance of its obligations under the Securities or 
that any arrangements made to hedge its obligations under the Securities has or will become unlawful, illegal or 
otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any applicable present or future law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or 
power, or in the interpretation thereof, the Issuer having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to 
the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry 
of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities, each Security being redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in General Condition 6(f) below and no further interest will be payable since the 
immediately preceding Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If "Issuer Call Option" is specified as being applicable in the Issue Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 5 Business Days' (or such other notice period specified in the Issue Terms) notice to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13; and 
(ii) 
not less than 4 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Principal Paying Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of 
the Securities then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in, or determined on the Optional Redemption Valuation Date in the manner specified in, the Issue 
Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any partial redemption must be of a nominal amount equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount or, if applicable, 
a Higher Redemption Amount as specified in the Issue Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Securities, 
the Securities to be redeemed ("Redeemed Securities") will be selected individually by lot, in the case of 
Redeemed Securities represented by definitive Securities, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) and/or DTC, in the case of Redeemed Securities 
represented by a Global Security, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of 
selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In the case of Redeemed Securities represented by 
definitive Securities, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Securities will be published in accordance 
with General Condition 13 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate nominal 
amount of Redeemed Securities represented by definitive Securities shall bear the same proportion to the 
aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Securities as the aggregate nominal amount of definitive Securities 
outstanding bears to the Aggregate Nominal Amount or Nominal Amount (as the case may be) of the Securities 
outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed 
Securities represented by definitive Securities shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral 
multiple of the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Securities represented 
by a Global Security shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Securities. No exchange of the relevant Global 
Security will be permitted during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the date 
fixed for redemption pursuant to this General Condition 6(d) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Securityholders (Securityholder Put) 
If "Securityholder Put Option" is specified as being applicable in the Issue Terms, upon the holder of any 
Security giving to the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 13 not less than 15 or more than 30 days' notice 
(or such other minimum and/or maximum notice period specified in the Issue Terms) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem in whole or in part, subject to and in accordance 
with the terms specified in the Issue Terms, such Securities on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in, or determined on the Optional Redemption Valuation Date specified in the 
Issue Terms, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of any Security the holder of such Security must, if such Security is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, deliver at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) 
at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within 
the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable 
from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which

--- Page 132 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
132 
 
 
the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which 
payment is to be made under this General Condition 6(e) and, in the case of Registered Securities, the nominal 
amount thereof to be redeemed. If a Security is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by 
the Security or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the Security will, following delivery of 
the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If a Security is represented by a global Security or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption of such Security the holder of such Security 
must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC (which may include notice being 
given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC or any common depositary for 
them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC from time to time, and, if such Security is a Bearer Security represented by a global 
Security, the terms of which requires presentation for recording changes to its nominal amount, at the same time 
present or procure the presentation of the relevant global Security to the Principal Paying Agent for notation 
accordingly. Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg and/or DTC given by a holder of any Security pursuant to this General Condition 6(e) 
shall be irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this General Condition 6(e). 
(f) 
Early Redemption 
For the purposes of General Condition 6(b), (c), and (k), General Condition 9 and any circumstances where the 
Securities are to be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined below), 
each Security will be redeemed at an amount (the "Early Redemption Amount") calculated as follows, unless 
specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, and no further interest will be payable since the immediately preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, if none, the Issue Date: 
(i) 
in the case of any Security at an amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the second Business 
Day immediately preceding the due date for the early redemption of the Securities, representing such 
Security's pro rata share of (a) the fair market value of such Securities taking into account all factors 
which the Calculation Agent determines relevant (including, if applicable, any interest provision of the 
Security, the event which resulted in such redemption and, if they are Partly paid Securities, the aggregate 
amount paid up)  less (b) all costs incurred by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates in 
connection with such early redemption, including, without limitation, any costs associated with 
unwinding any related hedging arrangements, and all other expenses related thereto, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of General Condition 6(f)(i)(a) above where the relevant Securities provide for any 
minimum amount(s) of cash or assets to be payable or deliverable this shall be taken into account in 
determining the fair market value. However, the Calculation Agent shall reduce (i.e. discount) the value 
of such amounts in determining the fair market value to take into account the length of time remaining 
to the first possible date on which such amount(s) would otherwise have been payable or deliverable. 
Such discounting may be determined by reference to such information as the Calculation Agent may 
select which may include risk free rate(s). 
The Calculation Agent shall also take into account appropriate values for any other amount which would 
or could otherwise have been payable or deliverable under the relevant Securities. This may include the 
element of the return on the Securities determined by reference to the relevant assets or reference 
basis(es) to which the Securities relate (i.e. a derivative element). The relevant value for this element of 
the Securities may be determined by reference to the cost at the relevant time of entering into a transaction 
to provide similar amounts. 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries may at any time purchase Securities (provided 
that, in the case of Definitive Bearer Securities, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto 
are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Securities purchased as aforesaid may, at 
the option of the Issuer, the Guarantor or their respective subsidiaries, as the case may be, be held, reissued, resold

--- Page 133 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
133 
 
 
or surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation except that all Securities in definitive 
form purchased by the Issuer must be surrendered for cancellation. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Securities which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Securities so cancelled and 
any Securities purchased and cancelled pursuant to General Condition 6(g) above (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
(i) 
Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled on or prior to an Instalment Date, Instalment Securities 
will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the Issue Terms. The 
Instalment Amount payable on an Instalment Date shall be, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in respect of each Calculation Amount, which may be an amount per Calculation Amount equal 
to (i) Calculation Amount multiplied by an Instalment Factor (if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms) and 
multiplied by a Final Payout (for such purposes an "Instalment Payout") or (ii) in case of the last Instalment 
Date, the Final Redemption Amount if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, In the case of Securities in 
definitive form, all instalments (other than the final instalment) will be paid by surrender of, in the case of a 
Definitive Bearer Security, the relevant Receipt (which must be presented with the Security to which it appertains) 
and, in the case of a definitive Registered Security, the relevant Security and issue of a new Security in the nominal 
amount remaining outstanding, all as more fully described in General Condition 5. In the case of early redemption, 
the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to General Condition 6(f) above. 
Where the Securities are Credit Linked Securities in respect of which Instalment Amounts are payable and the 
Issue Terms specify that the Credit Linked Conditions shall not apply to the Instalment Amounts, such Instalment 
Amounts shall be paid in full on each Instalment Date specified in the Issue Terms notwithstanding the occurrence 
of any Credit Event Determination Date. 
(j) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Securities 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Security upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Security 
pursuant to General Condition 6(b), (d) or (e) above is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Security shall be the amount calculated as provided in General 
Condition 6(f)(ii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for redemption or the date upon which 
the Zero Coupon Security becomes due and repayable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier 
of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Security have been paid; and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the Principal Paying Agent 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
(k) 
Partly Paid Securities 
In the event that any Securityholder fails to pay a Part Payment Amount with respect to Partly Paid Securities on 
the due date (a "Part Payment Default Date"), such Partly Paid Securities held by such Securityholder shall 
automatically be redeemed, unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms, on the seventh Business Day following 
a Part Payment Default Date, each at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in General Condition 6(f) above 
and no further interest will be payable from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Part Payment 
Default Date or, if none, the Issue Date. Following the occurrence of a Part Payment Default Date with respect to 
Partly Paid Securities, the Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice of the occurrence of such Part 
Payment Default Date and resulting automatic redemption, to the relevant Securityholder in accordance with 
General Condition 13, provided that (i) failure to give such notice or (ii) payment of the Part Payment Amount 
following the occurrence of a Part Payment Default Date, will not void the automatic redemption of such 
Securities.

--- Page 134 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
134 
 
 
Partly Paid Securities will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise in accordance with 
the provisions of this General Condition 6. 
(l) 
Redemption for the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
(i) 
Following the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Issuer, having given not less than 
10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities, 
each Security being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in General Condition 6(f) 
above. Interest will cease to accrue and no further interest will be payable from the Interest Payment Date 
or (if none, the Issue Date) immediately preceding such Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding General Condition 6(l)(i) above, in the event that the Calculation Agent determines that 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent, shall give notice to the Issuer 
and the Securityholders as soon as reasonably practicable of the occurrence of such 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. The Calculation Agent shall then use reasonable endeavours to 
determine what amendments (if any) may be made to the terms and conditions of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event or 
circumstance. Without limitation, such adjustments may: (a) consist of one or more amendments and/or 
be made on one or more dates; (b) be determined by reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the 
relevant event or circumstance made in relation to any hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities; 
and (c) include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the terms of the 
Securities, including where applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing exposure to 
the successor benchmark(s), and, in the case of more than one successor benchmark, making provision 
for allocation of exposure as between the successor benchmarks. In the event that the Calculation Agent 
proposes amendments to the terms and conditions of the Securities in accordance with this General 
Condition 6(l)(ii), the Issuer shall make such amendments to the terms and conditions of the Securities 
and there shall be no redemption of the Securities. However, if the Calculation Agent determines, within 
20 calendar days of the Issuer receiving notice of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, that no 
amendments may be made to the terms and conditions of the Securities to account for the effect of the 
relevant event or circumstance, (A) the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of the same and (B) 
upon, the Issuer having given not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable), the Securities shall be 
redeemed in accordance with General Condition 6(l)(i). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 6(l): 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in relation to any Benchmark, the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a Pre-Cessation Event a Rejection Event or a 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event. 
"Benchmark" means any figure or rate and where any amount payable under the Securities, or the value of the 
Securities, is determined by reference to such figure or rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, any of the following has 
occurred or will occur: 
(A) 
any material change in such Benchmark; 
(B) 
any public statement by the relevant competent authority as a consequence of which the Benchmark will 
be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Securities; 
(C) 
the permanent cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; 
(D) 
the making of a public statement by (i) the administrator of the Benchmark that it has ceased publishing 
the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Benchmark); or (ii) by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Benchmark that the Benchmark has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 135 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
135 
 
 
(E) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in connection with the 
Securities as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or 
maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in respect 
of the Securities and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there 
is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence). 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011). 
"Non-Approval Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(A) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval in respect of 
the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is not obtained or will not be obtained; 
(B) 
the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is not or will not be included in an official register; 
or 
(C) 
the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark does not or will not fulfil any legal or regulatory 
requirement applicable to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark, 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, a Non-
Approval Event shall not occur if the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is not included in an 
official register because its authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence or approval is 
suspended if, at the time of such suspension, the continued provision and use of the Benchmark is permitted in 
respect of the Securities under the applicable law or regulation during the period of such suspension. 
"Pre-Cessation Event": a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Benchmark (as 
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, (A) the Benchmark is (or will be deemed by such supervisor to 
be) no longer representative of an underlying market and such representativeness shall not be restored or (B) the 
methodology to calculate the Benchmark has materially changed. 
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant competent authority or other relevant official 
body rejects or refuses, or will reject or refuse any application for authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence, approval or inclusion in any official register which, in each case, is required in relation 
to the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark under any applicable law or regulation for any of the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Securities. 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(A) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws, or will suspend 
or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval 
in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark which is required under any 
applicable law or regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Securities; or 
(B) 
the Benchmark or the administrator of the Benchmark is or will be removed from any official register 
where inclusion in such register is required under any applicable law in order for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or where inclusion in any official register 
is withdrawn if, at the time of such suspension or withdrawal, the continued provision and use of the Benchmark 
is permitted in respect of the Securities under the applicable law or regulation. 
For the further avoidance of doubt, the above is additional, and without prejudice, to any other terms of the 
Securities. In the event that under any such terms (i) any other consequences could apply in relation to an event 
or occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event or (ii) any such terms contradict the terms in this 
Condition 6(l), the Calculation Agent shall determine which terms shall apply in its sole and absolute discretion.

--- Page 136 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
136 
 
 
(m) 
Securities listed on the MOT 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, in case of Securities listed and admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. MOT, the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount as well as any other 
redemption amount for the Securities provided for in these Conditions shall be at least equal to the Specified 
Denomination in respect of the Securities.  
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Securities, Receipts and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any jurisdiction having the power to tax 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable 
(or, as the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent) will account to the relevant authorities for the amount required 
to be withheld or deducted and, in the case of any taxes or duties imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom 
of Spain ("Spain") or any political subdivision or authority thereof or therein having the power to tax, will pay 
such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the 
Securities, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Securities, Receipts or 
Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Security, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a beneficial owner or a holder who is liable for such taxes or 
duties in respect of such Security, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with 
Spain other than the mere holding of such Security, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for 
payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in General 
Condition 5(a)); or 
(c) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder if such taxes or duties may be avoided by complying with 
any relevant requirement of Spanish law or by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar 
claim for exemption to any authority of or in Spain, unless such holder proved that he is not entitled so 
to comply or to make such declaration or claim. 
In addition, no additional amounts should be payable by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Paying Agent or any 
other person on account of any withholding or deduction in respect of the Securities, Receipts and Coupons where 
such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to: 
(i) 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, any governmental agreement with respect thereto or any 
law implementing, or relating to, an intergovernmental agreement ("FATCA"); 
(ii) 
the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021); or 
(iii) 
any payment being treated as a dividend or "dividend equivalent" for purposes of the Code or any 
regulations thereunder. 
In these General Conditions, the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13.

--- Page 137 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
137 
 
 
8. 
Redenomination 
(a) 
Redenomination 
Where redenomination is specified in the Issue Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, without the consent of 
the Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on giving prior notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at least 30 days' prior notice to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13, elect that, with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the 
notice, the Securities shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i) 
the Securities and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the denomination of 
euro 0.01 with a nominal amount for each Security and Receipt equal to the nominal amount of that 
Security or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at the Established Rate, provided that, 
if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the Principal Paying Agent, that the then market practice 
in respect of the redenomination into euro of internationally offered securities is different from the 
provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such 
market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Securityholders, the stock exchange (if any) on 
which the Securities may be listed and the Paying Agents of such deemed amendments; 
(ii) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with General Condition 8(a)(iv) 
below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Securities will be calculated by reference to the 
aggregate nominal amount of Securities presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which Coupons 
are presented) for payment by the relevant Securityholder and the amount of such payment shall be 
rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01; 
(iii) 
if definitive Securities are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be issued at 
the expense of the Issuer in the denominations agreed at the time by the Issuer and the Principal Paying 
Agent; 
(iv) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency (whether or not attached to the Securities) will become void with effect from the date on which 
the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") that replacement euro-denominated Securities, Receipts 
and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that such securities are so available) and no payments 
will be made in respect of them. The payment obligations contained in any Securities and Receipts so 
issued will also become void on that date although those Securities and Receipts will continue to 
constitute valid exchange obligations of the Issuer. New euro-denominated Securities, Receipts and 
Coupons will be issued in exchange for Securities, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified 
Currency in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to 
any date for payment of principal or interest on the Securities; 
(v) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Securities, the Receipts and the Coupons, 
other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, will 
be made solely in euro as though references in the Securities to the Specified Currency were to euro. 
Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro 
may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(vi) 
if the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on a Fixed Interest Date, 
it will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Calculation Amount (subject to General 
Condition 4(g)), multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined above) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention; 
(vii) 
if the Securities are Floating Rate Securities, the Issue Terms will specify any relevant changes to the 
provisions relating to interest; and

--- Page 138 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
138 
 
 
(viii) 
such other changes shall be made to these General Conditions as the Issuer may decide, after consultation 
with the Principal Paying Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to conform them to conventions 
then applicable to instruments denominated in euro. 
(b) 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance with rules 
relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Community regulations) into euro established by the 
Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 1091(4) of the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Securities) any date for payment of interest under 
the Securities or (in the case of Zero Coupon Securities) any date, in each case specified by the Issuer in the notice 
given to the Securityholders pursuant to General Condition 8(a) above and which falls on or after the date on 
which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union 
as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall have occurred and be continuing: 
(a) 
a default is made for more than 14 days in the payment of any principal (including any Instalment 
Amount(s)) due in respect of any of the Securities or 30 days or more in the payment of any interest or 
other amount due in respect of any of the Securities; or 
(b) 
a default is made in the performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any other obligation under the 
provisions of the Securities or under the provisions of the Guarantee relating to the Securities and such 
default continues for more than 60 days following service by a Securityholder on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor of a notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
an order of any competent court or administrative agency is made or any resolution is passed by the 
Issuer for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer (other than for the purpose of an amalgamation, 
merger or reconstruction (i) which has been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) where all of 
the assets of the Issuer are transferred to, and all of its debts and liabilities are assumed by, a continuing 
entity); or 
(d) 
an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings (procedimientos 
concursales) against the Guarantor or an order is made or a resolution is passed for the dissolution or 
winding up of the Guarantor (except in any such case for the purpose of a reconstruction or a merger or 
amalgamation (i) which has been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) where the entity 
resulting from any such reconstruction or merger or amalgamation is a Financial Institution (Entidad de 
Crédito according to article 1 of Law 10/2014 of June 26, on Organisation, Supervision and Solvency of 
Credit Entities) and will have a rating for long-term senior debt assigned by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, Moody's Investors Services or Fitch Ratings Ltd equivalent to or higher than the rating for 
long-term senior debt of the Guarantor immediately prior to such reconstruction or merger or 
amalgamation); or 
(e) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent by any competent court, or any 
order of any competent court or administrative agency is made for, or any resolution is passed by Issuer 
or the Guarantor to apply for, judicial composition proceedings with its creditors or for the appointment 
of a receiver or trustee or other similar official in insolvency proceedings in relation to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or substantially all of the assets of either of them (unless in the case of an order for a temporary 
appointment, such appointment is discharged within 60 days); or

--- Page 139 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
139 
 
 
(f) 
the Issuer (except for the purpose of an amalgamation, merger or reconstruction approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution) or the Guarantor (except for the purpose of an amalgamation, merger or 
reconstruction (i) which has been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) where the entity 
resulting from any such reconstruction or merger or amalgamation will have a rating for long-term senior 
debt assigned by Standard & Poor's Rating Services or Moody's Investor Services equivalent to or higher 
than the rating for long-term senior debt of the Guarantor immediately prior to such reconstruction or 
merger or amalgamation) ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of 
its business; or 
(g) 
an application is made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator 
or similar official in relation to the Issuer or the Guarantor or in relation to the whole or substantially the 
whole of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer or the Guarantor and is not discharged within 60 days; 
or 
(h) 
the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect. 
then the holder of any Security may declare such Security by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, (in the case of General Condition 9(c) and, in relation 
to the Issuer only, General Conditions 9(d), 9(e), 9(f) and 9(g) above, only if then permitted by applicable Spanish 
Law) to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become immediately due and payable at its Early 
Redemption Amount (as described in General Condition 6(f)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date 
of repayment. 
For the purpose of General Conditions 9(e), 9(f) and 9(g) a report by the auditors for the time being of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, as to whether any part of the undertaking, business or assets of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor is "substantial" shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive. 
Securityholders may not be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the adoption of 
any resolution measure under Law 11/2015. 
The Spanish Insolvency Law provides: (i) that any claim not included in the company's accounts or otherwise 
reported to the insolvency administrators within one month from the last official publication of the court order 
declaring the insolvency may become subordinated, (ii) that provisions in certain contracts granting one party the 
right to terminate on the other's insolvency are not enforceable and (iii) for the further accrual of interest to be 
suspended from the date of declaration of insolvency (subject to certain exceptions). 
Sustainable Securities 
In the case of any Securities where the "Reasons for the Offer" of the applicable Issue Terms are stated to be for 
"green", "social" or "sustainability" purposes as described in the "Use of Proceeds" section (the "Sustainable 
Securities Use of Proceeds Disclosure"), no Event of Default shall occur or other claim against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of, such 
Sustainable Securities arise as a result of the net proceeds of such Sustainable Securities not being used, any 
report, assessment, opinion or certification not being obtained or published, or any other step or action not being 
taken, in each case as set out and described in the Sustainable Securities Use of Proceeds Disclosure. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment of principal in respect of Securities other than New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes (as defined in 
General Condition 14) shall be prescribed upon the expiry of 10 years from the due date thereof and claims for 
payment of interest (if any) in respect of such Securities shall be prescribed upon the expiry of five years, from 
the due date thereof.  With respect to New York Law 3(a)2) Notes, any legal action to enforce any payment of 
principal or any payment of interest in respect of such New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes must be commenced within 
six years from the due date thereof. There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a 
Talon, any Coupon the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this General Condition 10 
or General Condition 5 above.

--- Page 140 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
140 
 
 
11. 
Replacement of Securities, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If any Security (including any Global Security), Receipt, Coupon or Talon is mutilated, defaced, stolen, destroyed 
or lost, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may 
be, upon payment by the claimant of the costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
and indemnity, as the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar may require. Mutilated or defaced 
Securities, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. Cancellation and 
replacement of Securities, Receipts, Coupons or Talons shall be subject to compliance with such procedures as 
may be required under any applicable law and subject to any applicable stock exchange requirements and any 
applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Securityholders, the Receiptholders or 
the Couponholders to create and issue further Securities having terms and conditions the same as the Securities 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from 
which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Securities; provided that, if either outstanding Securities or additional Securities of any Series are 
treated by the Issuer as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes and are issued or offered by the Issuer 
to U.S. persons, and if such additional Securities are not fungible with the outstanding Securities of that Series for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, the additional Securities will be issued with a CUSIP, ISIN or other identifying 
number separate from the applicable number for the outstanding Securities of the relevant Series. 
13. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Bearer Securities will be deemed to be validly given if published in one leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times). The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or any other relevant authority on which the Bearer Securities are for the time being listed or by which 
they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first 
publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in 
all required newspapers. 
All notices regarding the Registered Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or (if 
posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective 
addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in 
addition, for so long as any Registered Securities are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority, such notice will be published in a manner which complies with the rules of that stock exchange 
or relevant authority. 
All notices regarding Securities listed on MOT or admitted to trading on SeDeX or on EuroTLX, shall be delivered 
to Borsa Italiana S.p.A. to be published in accordance with the rules of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (if and for as so long 
as the rules of the exchange so require), guidelines and market practice. 
Until such time as any definitive Securities are issued, notice may be given (so long as any Global Securities 
representing the Securities are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC (instead of by way of publication in a newspaper or mailing)) by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC for communication by them to the holders of the Securities. For so 
long as any Securities are listed on a stock exchange or admitted to listing by another relevant authority, such 
notice will be also published in a manner which complies with the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority 
by the Issuer. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Securities on the day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC. 
Notices to be given by any Securityholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the case 
of any Security in definitive form) with the relative Security or Securities, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Securities) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities). Whilst any of the Securities are 
represented by a Global Security, such notice may be given by any holder of a Security to the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, in 
such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
DTC, may approve for this purpose.

--- Page 141 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
141 
 
 
14. 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
For Securities other than 3(a)(2) Notes in which New York Law is specified as the Governing Law in the relevant 
Pricing Supplement and Securityholders of such Securities 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of Securityholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of any of the 
Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons or any provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may and, if 
required in writing by Securityholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Securities for 
the time being outstanding, shall be convened by the Issuer. At a meeting of the holders of the Securities for the 
purpose of, amongst others, approving a modification or amendment to, or obtaining a waiver of any covenant or 
condition set forth in the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement, persons entitled to vote 
a majority in aggregate nominal amount of the Securities at the time outstanding shall constitute a quorum. In the 
absence of a quorum at any such meeting that is not a meeting convened upon the requisition of Securityholders, 
within 30 minutes of the time appointed for such meeting, the meeting may be adjourned for a period of not less 
than 14 days, in the absence of a quorum any meeting that is convened on the requisition of Securityholders shall 
be dissolved; the persons entitled to vote a majority in aggregate nominal amount of the Securities at the time 
outstanding shall constitute a quorum for the taking of any action set forth in the notice of the original meeting. 
At a meeting or an adjourned meeting duly convened and at which a quorum is present as aforesaid, any 
Extraordinary Resolution to, amongst others, modify or amend any of the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons 
or any provisions of the Agency Agreement (other than those items specified in General Conditions 14(a)(i) and 
(ii)), or to waive compliance with, any of the terms and conditions of the Securities shall be effectively passed if 
passed by a majority consisting of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast. 
The Principal Paying Agent (or the U.S. Paying Agent for Securities cleared and settled through DTC), the Issuer 
and the Guarantor may agree, without the consent of the Securityholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification of the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision or is made to 
correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction 
in which the Issuer or the Guarantor are incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and 
any such modification shall be notified to the Securityholders, in accordance with General Condition 13 as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
Notwithstanding any provision of these General Conditions to the contrary, this General Condition 14(a) shall not 
apply to 3(a)(2) Notes in which New York law is specified as the governing law in the relevant Pricing Supplement 
or to Securityholder holding such 3(a)(2) Notes.  Furthermore, notwithstanding any provision of these General 
Conditions to the contrary, this General Condition 14(a) shall not apply to any modification of any series of 3(a)(2) 
Notes in which New York law is specified as the governing law in the relevant Pricing Supplement or to any 
modification of the Agency Agreement solely pertaining to or affecting any such series of 3(a)(2) Notes or 
Securityholders of such series of 3(a)(2) Notes. Any such modification described in the preceding sentence shall 
instead be governed by and be subject to the relevant provisions of General Condition 14(b) below, as applicable. 
(b) 
For 3(a)(2) Notes in which New York Law is specified as the Governing Law in the relevant Pricing Supplement 
and Securityholders of such 3(a)(2) Notes 
(i) 
The Principal Paying Agent (or the U.S. Paying Agent for Securities cleared and settled through DTC), 
BGS and the Guarantor may agree, without the consent of the Securityholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of 3(a)(2) Notes in which New York law is specified as the 
governing law in the relevant Pricing Supplement (such 3(a)(2) Notes, the "New York Law 3(a)(2) 
Notes") or the Agency Agreement to: 
(a) 
evidence the succession of another person as the Issuer of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes, and 
the assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the Issuer of New York Law 3(a)(2) 
Notes in the Agency Agreement and in any New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes of such series;

--- Page 142 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
142 
 
 
(b) 
add to the covenants of the Issuer of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes for the benefit of the holders 
of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes of all or any series or to surrender any right or power conferred 
upon the Issuer of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes under the Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
establish the form or terms of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes of any series as permitted by the 
Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
cure any ambiguity or correct or supplement any defect or inconsistency in the Agency 
Agreement or the New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes or make any other provisions with respect to 
matters or questions arising under the Agency Agreement or New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes 
which do not adversely affect the interests of the holders of the New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes 
of any series in any material respect; 
(e) 
add to, delete from or revise the conditions, limitations and restrictions on the authorised 
amount, terms or purposes of issue, authentication and delivery of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes, 
as set forth in the Agency Agreement; 
(f) 
supplement any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement to such extent as shall be necessary 
to permit the discharge of any series of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes, provided such action does 
not adversely affect the interests of any holders of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes of any series 
in any material respect; 
(g) 
add additional guarantors to any series of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes, or secure any series of 
New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes; 
(h) 
delete, amend or supplement any provision of the Agency Agreement provided such actions do 
not materially adversely affect the interests of the holders of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes 
outstanding immediately prior thereto; or 
(i) 
delete, amend or supplement any provision of the Agency Agreement to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes or 
the Guarantor are incorporated. 
Any modification made under paragraphs (a) through (i) of this General Condition 14(b)(i) shall be 
binding on the Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders of New York Law 3(a)(2) 
Notes. 
(ii) 
With the consent, as evidenced in an Act or Acts (as defined below), as the case may be, of the 
Securityholders of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes of not less than a majority in principal amount of the 
outstanding New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes of each such series affected by such amendment or 
modification voting separately, the Principal Paying Agent, BGS and the Guarantor may enter into an 
amendment or modification of the Agency Agreement or the New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes of a series 
for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the 
provisions of Agency Agreement or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Securityholders of such 
New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes of such series and of waiving future compliance with respect to the Agency 
Agreement solely with respect to the New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes; provided, however, that no such 
amendment or modification shall, without the consent of the Securityholder of each outstanding New 
York Law 3(a)(2) Note affected thereby, shall: 
(a) 
change or extend the stated maturity of the principal of or any instalment of interest on any such 
New York Law 3(a)(2) Note, 
(b) 
reduce the principal amount or any redemption amount of, or interest on, any such New York 
Law 3(a)(2) Note; 
(c) 
change the obligation of the Issuer of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes to pay additional amounts 
under this Agreement for the New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes; 
(d) 
change the currency of payment of such New York Law 3(a)(2) Note or interest thereon;

--- Page 143 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
143 
 
 
(e) 
impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on or with respect to any 
such New York Law 3(a)(2) Note; 
(f) 
reduce the percentage in aggregate principal amount of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes 
outstanding necessary to modify or amend the Agency Agreement or waive any past default 
relating solely in respect of the New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes; or 
(g) 
reduce the voting requirements or the percentage of aggregate principal amount of New York 
Law 3(a)(2) Notes outstanding required to take any other action authorised to be taken by the 
Securityholders of a specified principal amount of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes; 
A modification which changes or eliminates any covenant or other provision of the Agency Agreement 
which shall have been included expressly and solely for the benefit of one or more particular series of 
New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes, or which modifies the rights of the Securityholders of New York Law 
3(a)(2) Notes of such series with respect to such covenant or other provision, shall be deemed not to 
affect the rights under the Agency Agreement of the Securityholders of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes of 
any other series. 
It shall not be necessary for any Act of Securityholders of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes under this 
General Condition 14(b)(ii) to approve the particular form of any proposed modification or amendment, 
but it shall be sufficient if such Act shall approve the substance thereof. 
As used in this General Condition 14(b)(ii), "Act" means means any request, demand, authorisation, 
direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by or pursuant to this Agreement to be given 
or taken by holders of the relevant series of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes and the written instrument or 
instruments in which such action is embodied and by which such action is evidenced. 
15. 
Agents and Registrar 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Securities are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any relevant authority, 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities) and a Transfer Agent (in the 
case of Registered Securities) with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and 
regulations of such other stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
so long as any of the Registered Global Securities payable in a Specified Currency other than US dollars 
are held through DTC or its nominee, there will at all times be an Exchange Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in General Condition 5(a). Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not 
less than 30 or more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13, provided that no such variation, termination, appointment or changes shall take effect 
(except in the case of insolvency) within 7 days before any due date for the payment of any Security or any related 
Receipt or Coupon. Notice of all changes in the identities or specified offices of any Agent will be given promptly 
by the Issuer to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents will act solely as agents of each of the Issuer and Guarantor 
(if applicable) and do not assume any obligations or relationship of agency or trust to or with the Securityholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders, except that (without affecting the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(if applicable) to the Securityholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders, to repay Securities and pay interest 
thereon) funds received by the Principal Paying Agent for the payment of the principal of or interest on the 
Securities shall be held by it in trust for the Securityholders and/or Receiptholders or Couponholders until the

--- Page 144 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
144 
 
 
expiration of the relevant period of prescription under General Condition 10. The Issuer will agree to perform and 
observe the obligations imposed upon it under the Agency Agreement. The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions for the indemnification of the Paying Agents and for relief from responsibility in certain circumstances, 
and entitles any of them to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and any of its subsidiaries without being 
liable to account to the Securityholders, Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any resulting profit. 
All calculations, determinations, decisions, selections, elections and opinions made by the Calculation Agent shall 
be made in its discretion in accordance with the Conditions of the Securities, having regard in each case to any 
criteria stipulated therein, and shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer, the other Agents and the Securityholders. 
In relation to the Securities listed on MOT, the Calculation Agent in exercising its discretion under the relevant 
Conditions, shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and use generally accepted 
methodologies in making adjustments in the event of disruption to the underlying assets. Notwithstanding any 
other provision of the Conditions, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment that it determines appropriate 
to any terms of such Securities, in accordance with the relevant Conditions, to preserve the economic equivalent 
of the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities, save as otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In exercising its discretion as described above, the Calculation Agent may take into account such factors as it 
determines appropriate in each case, which may include, in particular, any circumstances or events which have or 
may have a material impact on the hedging arrangements (as described below) entered into by the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates and/or any other relevant party (each a "Relevant Party") in respect of the Securities. The 
exercise of the Calculation Agent's discretion in respect of the Securities as provided herein is necessary because 
certain circumstances or events (for example a material modification or disruption to a relevant asset(s) to which 
the Securities are linked) may occur subsequent to the issuance of the Securities which may materially affect the 
costs to the Relevant Party of maintaining the Securities or any relevant hedging arrangements. Such 
circumstances or events may not have been reflected in the pricing of the Securities. In addition, as a result of 
certain circumstances or events (e.g. unavailability or disruption to any reference source) it may no longer be 
reasonably practicable or otherwise appropriate for certain valuations in respect of any relevant asset(s) to which 
the Securities are linked or otherwise in connection with the Securities to be made, thus making it necessary for 
the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion in such a case. 
16. 
Substitution 
(a) 
Substitution of the Issuer 
(i) 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Securityholders (and by subscribing any Securities, each 
Securityholder expressly consents to it), be replaced and substituted by the Guarantor or any other 
company of which 100 per cent. of the shares or other equity interests (as the case may be) carrying the 
right to vote are directly or indirectly owned by the Guarantor as principal debtor (in such capacity, the 
"Substituted Debtor") in respect of the Securities provided that: 
(A) 
a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor, the 
representative for the relevant Series of Securities in the applicable public deed of issuance (the 
"Representative"), the Issuer and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor 
as may be necessary to give full effect to the substitution (together the "Documents") and 
(without limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall 
undertake in favour of each Securityholder to be bound by the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities" and the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant, as fully as 
if the Substituted Debtor had been named in the Securities, the Agency Agreement and the Deed 
of Covenant as the principal debtor in respect of the Securities in place of the Issuer (or any 
previous substitute) and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) pursuant to which the 
Guarantor shall unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee (the "New Guarantee") in favour of 
each Securityholder the payment of all sums payable by the Substituted Debtor, as such 
principal debtor on the same terms mutatis mutandis as the Guarantee; 
(B) 
without prejudice to the generality of General Condition 16(a)(i)(A), where the Substituted 
Debtor is incorporated, domiciled or resident for taxation purposes in a territory other than 
Spain, the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and/or such other 
provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each Securityholder has the benefit of a covenant

--- Page 145 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
145 
 
 
in terms corresponding to the provisions of General Condition 7 with the substitution for the 
references to Spain of references to the territory in which the Substituted Debtor is incorporated, 
domiciled and/or resident for taxation purposes. The Documents shall also contain a covenant 
by the Substituted Debtor and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor to 
indemnify and hold harmless each Securityholder against all taxes or duties which arise by 
reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable contemplation thereof 
on the date such substitution becomes effective, which may be incurred or levied against such 
holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this General Condition 16(a) and which would 
not have been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, without limiting 
the foregoing, any and all taxes or duties which are imposed on any such Securityholder by any 
political sub-division or taxing authority of any country in which such Securityholder resides or 
is subject to any such tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such 
substitution not been made); 
(C) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and (if the 
Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor that the Substituted Debtor and (if the 
Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor have obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and (if the Substituted 
Debtor is not the Guarantor) for the giving by the Guarantor of the New Guarantee in respect of 
the obligations of the Substituted Debtor on the same terms mutatis mutandis as the Guarantee, 
that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor (if the Substituted Debtor is not the 
Guarantor) has obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for 
the performance by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Guarantor (if the Substituted Debtor 
is not the Guarantor) of its obligations under the Documents and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and effect; 
(D) 
each stock exchange which has the Securities listed thereon shall have confirmed that following 
the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor the Securities would continue to be listed 
on such stock exchange; 
(E) 
the Issuer shall have delivered or procured the delivery to the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Registrar a copy of a legal opinion addressed to the Issuer, the Substituted Debtor and the 
Guarantor from a leading firm of lawyers in the country of incorporation of the Substituted 
Debtor, to the effect that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
Substituted Debtor, such opinion(s) to be dated not more than seven days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Securityholders at the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar; 
(F) 
the Guarantor shall have delivered or procured the delivery to the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Registrar a copy of a legal opinion addressed to the Issuer, the Substituted Debtor and the 
Guarantor from a leading firm of Spanish lawyers acting for the Guarantor to the effect that in 
the case where the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor, the Documents (including the New 
Guarantee given by the Guarantor in respect of the Substituted Debtor) constitute legal, valid 
and binding obligations of the Guarantor, such opinion to be dated not more than seven days 
prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for 
inspection by Securityholders at the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Registrar; 
(G) 
the Guarantor shall have delivered or procured the delivery to the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Registrar a copy of a legal opinion addressed to the Issuer, the Substituted Debtor and the 
Guarantor from a leading firm of English lawyers to the effect that the Documents (including 
the New Guarantee given by the Guarantor in respect of the Substituted Debtor) constitute legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto under English law, such opinion to be dated 
not more than seven days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer 
and to be available for inspection by Securityholders at the specified offices of the Principal 
Paying Agent and the Registrar; 
(H) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have appointed a process agent in England to receive service of 
process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with the Securities or the Documents;

--- Page 146 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
146 
 
 
(I) 
there is no outstanding Event of Default in respect of the Securities; 
(J) 
any credit rating assigned to the Securities will remain the same or be improved when the 
Substituted Debtor replaces and substitutes the Issuer in respect of the Securities; and 
(K) 
the substitution complies with all applicable requirements established under the relevant laws 
applicable laws. 
(ii) 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in General Condition 16(a)(i)(A) above, the 
Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the Securities as the principal debtor in place of the 
Issuer (or of any previous substitute under these provisions) and the Securities shall thereupon be deemed 
to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents shall operate to release 
the Issuer (or such previous substitute as aforesaid) from all of its obligations in respect of the Securities. 
(iii) 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar for so 
long as any Security remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted 
Debtor or (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor by any Securityholder in relation 
to the Securities or the Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. The 
Substituted Debtor and (if the Substituted Debtor is not the Guarantor) the Guarantor shall acknowledge 
in the Documents the right of every Securityholder to the production of the Documents for the 
enforcement of any of the Securities or the Documents. 
(iv) 
Not later than 15 London Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor 
shall give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
(v) 
In the case of Securities admitted to trading on MOT, SeDeX or EuroTLX, if requested by Borsa, the 
Guarantor shall continue to be unconditionally and irrevocably liable for the obligations of any substitute 
as principal obligor in respect of such Securities together with and to the same extent as the substitute. 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London. 
17. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999; Benefits of New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes and Agency 
Agreement 
The Securities shall not confer any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any 
term of the Securities, but, subject to the succeeding sentence, this does not affect any right or remedy of a third 
party which exists or is available apart from that Act.  Solely with respect to New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes and 
the provisions of the Agency Agreement solely relating to such New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes, nothing in the 
Agency Agreement or the New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes, express or implied, shall give to any person, other than 
the parties to the Agency Agreement and their successors and the Securityholders of such New York Law 3(a)(2) 
Notes, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under the Agency Agreement or the New York 
Law 3(a)(2) Notes. 
18. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
(i) 
The status of the Guarantee in respect of Certificated Securities (General Condition 3), the capacity of 
the Guarantor, and the relevant Guarantor corporate resolutions, will be governed by Spanish law. The 
Issue of the Certificated Securities, the capacity of the Issuer and the relevant Issuer corporate resolutions 
will be governed by Dutch Law. Subject as provided above, the terms and conditions of the Certificated 
Securities, all related contractual documentation (other than the Spanish Law Guarantee and Schedules 
4 and 10 of the Agency Agreement which will be governed by the laws of Spain, and the New York Law 
Guarantee and any New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes which will both be governed by the laws of New York) 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Certificated Securities and 
all related contractual documentation (other than the Spanish Law Guarantee and Schedules 4 and 10 of 
the Agency Agreement which will be governed by the laws of Spain, and the New York Law Guarantee 
and any New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes which will both be governed by the laws of New York) will be

--- Page 147 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
147 
 
 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. Any New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes (including any New York Law 3(a)(2) 
Note that is 3(a)(2) Global Security in substantially the form set forth in Part 3 of Schedule 5 of the 
Agency Agreement), the provisions of the Agency Agreement to the extent they relate solely to such 
New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York 
without reference to or inclusion of the principles of choice of law or conflicts of law in that jurisdiction. 
(b) 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
(i) 
Subject to General Condition 18(b)(iii) of the "Terms and Conditions of the Securities" below, the 
English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the 
Securities and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Securities and/or the Coupons (a 
"Dispute") and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Securityholders or Couponholders in relation to 
any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 18, the Issuer and any Securityholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders in relation to any Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that 
they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(iii) 
This General Condition 18(b)(iii) is for the benefit of the Securityholders, Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders only. To the extent allowed by law, the Securityholders and the Couponholders may, in 
respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(iv) 
(a) 
Notwithstanding any provision of these General Conditions to the contrary, the provisons of 
General Condition 18(b)(i) through (iii) above shall not apply to any New York Law 3(a)(2) 
Notes Dispute (as defined below).  Subject to General Condition 18(b)(iv)(c) below, any New 
York State court or United States federal court sitting in the Borough of Manhattan in the City 
of New York (the "New York Courts") shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
arising solely out of or in connection with New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes or with the Agency 
Agreement to the extent it relates solely to such 3(a)(2) Notes, including, in each case, any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection thereto (a "New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes Dispute") and accordingly 
each of the Issuer and any Securityholders or Couponholders in relation to any New York Law 
3(a)(2) Notes Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 18(b)(iv), the Issuer and any Securityholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders in relation to any New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes Dispute 
waives any objection to the New York Courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes Dispute. 
(c) 
This General Condition 18(b)(iv)(c) is for the benefit of the Securityholders, Receiptholders and 
the Couponholders only. To the extent allowed by law, the Securityholders and the 
Couponholders may, in respect of any New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes Dispute or New York Law 
3(a)(2) Notes Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints the Guarantor at its registered office for the time being in England as its agent for 
service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Proceedings and undertakes that, 
in the event of the Guarantor being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another 
person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. The Issuer agrees that failure 
by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 148 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
148 
 
 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints the New York Branch at its registered office in the Borough of Manhattan in the 
City of New York as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the New York Courts relating to a 
New York Law 3(a)(2) Notes Dispute and undertakes that, in the event of the New York Branch being unable or 
unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
New York in respect of such proceedings. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any 
process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law.

--- Page 149 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
149 
 
 
ANNEX 1 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to payouts shall comprise the General 
Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for payouts set out below (the "Payout Conditions"), together with the 
terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to 
completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and/or any other Annex 
and (ii) the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Reference Item Linked Securities 
(a) 
Use of Payout Conditions 
These Payout Conditions set out the methodology for determining various payouts and product features in respect 
of the Securities. The applicable text shown in Payout Conditions 2, 3, 4 and 5 below will be extracted, included 
and completed at the paragraph indicated in the Issue Terms on the basis that (i) applicable text (including, where 
appropriate, section headings and terms defined in Payout Condition 5 which are required to be completed) from 
the relevant Payout Condition will be set out at the paragraph indicated in the Issue Terms and (ii) inapplicable 
text (and any terms defined in Payout Condition 5 which are not required to be completed) need not be included. 
For Exempt Securities issued under the Programme, the applicable text that may be extracted, included and 
completed in the Pricing Supplement may be shortened, condensed and simplified to make it more concise and 
clear and to avoid repeating text. Where the Issue Terms specify that a table may be inserted, such table will set 
out amounts, entities, dates, items, rates, value levels, triggers, figures and other information which completes the 
definitions that appear in the relevant subparagraphs of the Issue Terms, the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities and the applicable Annex(es) to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. Notwithstanding the above, 
a table may be inserted in any section of the Issue Terms whether or not is so specified that a table may be inserted 
in such section of the Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Use of Terms 
Terms in these Payout Conditions or in the Issue Terms may be attributed a numerical or letter suffix value when 
included in the Issue Terms. Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted as "j", "k", "m", "q", "n", "t", "i", "A", 
"B", "C" or "1", "2", "3" etc. and the term may be completed on the basis of the number or numbers represented 
by j, k, m, q, n, t, i, "A", "B", "C" or 1, 2, 3 etc. as chosen at the time of an issue of Securities. Moreover suffixes 
may be placed in series as necessary, such as "A(1)", "B(1)", "C(1)" etc. When applicable and in order to improve 
the reading and intelligibility of the formula(e) in the Issue Terms, the applicable suffixes may be included, 
completed and the relation between the term and the suffix will be explained and may be presented as a table, if 
necessary, in the Issue Terms. A term in Payout Condition 5 may be included in the applicable Issue Terms section 
more than once if there is more than one number represented by the term n, t or i. Conjunctions (e.g. or, and, but) 
and punctuation may also be included where appropriate. Suffixes may denote that a relevant term relates to an 
asset, item or date associated with that suffix. Suffixes may also be applied to payouts to denote that more than 
one payout or Rate of Interest etc, may be concurrently applicable (on the same dates or otherwise) in respect of 
any Security. 
The constituent parts of any formula(e) or term(s) used in these Payout Conditions and that are to be specified in 
the Issue Terms may be replaced in the Issue Terms by the prescribed amount, level, or percentage or other value 
or term (the "Variable Data"). If a Variable Data has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not applicable in 
respect of the relevant formula(e), then the related formula(e) may be simplified, for the purpose of improving the 
reading and intelligibility in the formula(e) in Issue Terms, by deleting such Variable Data. 
(c) 
Security Types 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify the Interest Basis applicable in respect of a Security. Such Securities are, 
where the Interest Basis is: Index Linked Interest, an "Index Linked Interest Security"; Equity Linked Interest, 
an "Equity Linked Interest Security"; Inflation Linked Interest, an "Inflation Linked Interest Security"; 
Reference Item Rate Linked Interest, a "Reference Item Rate Linked Interest Security"; ETF Linked Interest, 
a "ETF Linked Interest Security"; Fund Linked Interest, a "Fund Linked Interest Security"; Credit Linked 
Interest, a "Credit Linked Interest Security" or "Credit Linked Security"; Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked

--- Page 150 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
150 
 
 
Interest, a "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest Security"; "EUA Contract Linked Interest, an EUA 
Contract Linked Interest Security"; Bond Linked Interest, a "Bond Linked Interest Security"; Custom Index 
Linked Interest, a "Custom Index Linked Interest Security" or where a combination of any two or more Interest 
Bases, a "Combination Interest Security" (each, a "Reference Item Linked Interest Security"). The Securities 
can also bear no interest in which case the Securities may be zero coupon, if so specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify the Redemption Basis applicable in respect of a Security. Such Securities 
are, where the Redemption Basis is: Index Linked Redemption, an "Index Linked Redemption Security"; Equity 
Linked Redemption, an "Equity Linked Redemption Security"; ETF Linked Redemption, a "ETF Linked 
Redemption Security"; Fund Linked Redemption, a "Fund Linked Redemption Security"; Inflation Linked 
Redemption, an "Inflation Linked Redemption Security"; Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption, a 
"Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption Security"; Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Redemption, a 
"Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Redemption Security"; Credit Linked Redemption, a "Credit Linked 
Redemption Security"; or "Credit Linked Security", EUA Contract Linked Redemption, an "EUA Contract 
Linked Redemption Security"; Bond Linked Redemption, a "Bond Linked Redemption Security"; Custom 
Index Linked Redemption, a "Custom Index Linked Redemption Security" or where a combination of any two 
or more Redemption Bases, a "Combination Redemption Security" (each, a "Reference Item Linked 
Redemption Security"). 
(d) 
Alternative Interest Basis 
Other than in respect of Zero Coupon Securities, Partly Paid Securities or Credit Linked Securities if it is specified 
in Paragraph 9 (Interest Basis) of the Issue Terms that 'Calculation Amount Basis will apply' to the Securities then 
for the purposes of any calculations of interest with respect to Securities which are represented by a Global 
Security pursuant to General Condition 4, the Principal Paying Agent, or if a Calculation Agent is specified in the 
Issuer Terms, the Calculation Agent will calculate Interest Amount payable on the Securities for the relevant 
Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, and, in each case, multiplying such 
sum by the Day Count Fraction (as defined in General Condition 4(k)) or specified in the Issue Terms and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined above) of the relevant Specified Currency, one half of such a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Calculation Amount may be an amount that is different from the Specified Denomination, however, 
when this Calculation Amount Basis is applied, only one Calculation Amount per Specified Denomination may 
be specified. 
2. 
Interest Rates Payout Formula(e) and Final Payout Formula(e) for Structured Securities 
2.1 
Interest Rate Payout Formula(e) 
(For insertion and completion into paragraph 16(ix) (Rate of Interest) in the Issue Terms (except for Non-Exempt 
Securities, the numbering is subject to change as appropriate). Note: where a Rate of Interest is a fixed or floating 
rate, paragraph 18 or 19 as applicable, in the Issue Terms should be completed (except for the Non-Exempt 
Securities, the numbering is subject to change as appropriate).) 
(i) 
"Rate of Interest (i)" 
Coupon Value (i) * Leverage (i) 
(ii) 
"Rate of Interest (ii)" 
Rate (i) 
(iii) 
"Rate of Interest (iii)" 
Leverage (i) * Rate (i) + Spread (i) 
(iv) 
"Rate of Interest (iv)" 
Leverage (i) * Reference Spread (i) + Spread (i)

--- Page 151 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
151 
 
 
(v) 
"Rate of Interest (v)" 
Previous Interest (i) + Spread (i) 
(vi) 
"Rate of Interest (vi)" 
Previous Interest (i) + Leverage (i) * Reference Item Rate (i) + Spread (i) 
(vii) 
"Rate of Interest (vii)" 
Leverage (i) * Coupon Value (i) + Spread (i) 
(viii) 
"Rate of Interest - Call" 
(Insert the following if no cap or floor is applicable) 
Leverage(i) * (Coupon Value (i) – Strike Percentage) 
(Insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage(i) * (Coupon Value (i) – Strike Percentage)] 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Leverage(i) * (Coupon Value (i) – Strike Percentage)] 
(Insert the following if a cap and a floor is applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage(i) * (Coupon Value (i) – Strike Percentage)]] 
(ix) 
"Rate of Interest - Put" 
(Insert the following if no cap or floor is applicable) 
Leverage(i) * (Strike Percentage - Coupon Value (i)) 
(Insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage(i) * (Strike Percentage – Coupon Value (i))] 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Leverage(i) * (Strike Percentage - Coupon Value (i))]] 
(Insert the following if a cap and a floor are applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage(i) * (Strike Percentage - Coupon Value (i))]] 
(x) 
"Rate of Interest - Range Accrual" 
(insert the following where interest accrual is calculated based on the number of days on which the 
Range Accrual Coupon Condition or Range Accrual Countdown Condition is satisfied) 
(insert the following if leverage and/or spread is applicable) 
Leverage (𝑖) ∗(Rate (𝑖) + Spread (𝑖)) ∗𝑛𝑁
⁄  
(insert the following if no leverage and/or spread is applicable)

--- Page 152 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
152 
 
 
Rate (i) * n/N 
(insert the following where interest accrual is calculated based on the number of days on which the 
Range Accrual Coupon Condition or Range Accrual Countdown Condition is satisfied but subtracting 
the number of days on which the Range Accrual Condition is not satisfied) 
Leverage (i) ∗(Rate (i) + Spread (i)) ∗Max[0; (2n −N) N
⁄ ] 
(xi) 
"Rate of Interest - Call Participation" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon 
Valuation Period]: 
[Coupon Value (i) * Leverage] [Min [Cap Percentage; Coupon Value (i) * Leverage]] [Max 
[Floor Percentage; Coupon Value (i) * Leverage]] [Max [Floor Percentage; Min [Cap 
Percentage; Coupon Value (i) * Leverage]]]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise, 
Zero. 
(xii) 
"Rate of Interest - Digital One Barrier" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon 
Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[zero] 
(xiii) 
"Rate of Interest - Digital One Barrier Standard" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition [⚫] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest Period] 
[Constant Percentage[1]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any one of 
"Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest - Range Accrual" (inclusive]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from one 
of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest - Range Accrual" (inclusive); for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from 
the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph (A)]. 
(xiv) 
"Rate of Interest - Strike Podium n Barriers" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest Period] 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Interest Rate Payout formula from any one of 
"Rate of Interest (i)"to "Rate of Interest - Range Accrual" (inclusive)]; or 
(B) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period] and Coupon Barrier Condition [1] is not satisfied in respect of a [ST 
Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period][and was not satisfied in any previous 
Interest Period]:

--- Page 153 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
153 
 
 
[Constant Percentage 2] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any one of 
"Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest - Range Accrual" (inclusive); for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from 
the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph (A)]; or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
zero] [Constant Percentage 3] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any one 
of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest - Range Accrual" (inclusive); for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this paragraph (C) may be different from 
the Interest Rate Payout Formulae for A and B respectively]. 
(The above provisions of paragraph (B) may be duplicated in case more than two Coupon 
Barrier Conditions apply) 
(xv) 
"Rate of Interest - Partial Memory" 
(A) 
If Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon 
Valuation Period]: 
Rate (i) + SumRate (i) * Leverage (i); or 
(B) 
Otherwise, zero. 
(xvi) 
"Rate of Interest - Memory" 
(A) 
If Barrier Count Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon 
Valuation Period]: 
Rate(i) + SumRate(i); or 
(B) 
Otherwise, zero. 
(xvii) 
"Rate of Interest - Call with Individual Caps" 
𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛(𝑖); ∑(𝑅𝐼𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑘) ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖, 𝑘)]])
𝐾
𝑘=1
−𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖)] + 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖) 
(xviii) 
"Rate of Interest - Cappuccino" 
𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛(𝑖); ∑(𝑅𝐼𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑘) ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑝𝑢𝑐𝑐𝑖𝑛𝑜𝐵𝑎𝑟𝑟𝑖𝑒𝑟𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖, 𝑘)]) −𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖)
𝐾
𝑘=1
]
+ 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡 
𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖) 
(xix) 
"Rate of Interest - Best Replace" 
(Insert the following if local floor is applicable) 
𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛(𝑖); ∑(𝑅𝐼𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑘) ∗𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝑀𝑜𝑑𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖, 𝑘)])
𝐾
𝑘=1
−𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖)]

--- Page 154 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
154 
 
 
(Insert the following if local floor is not applicable) 
𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝑀𝑖𝑛𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛(𝑖); ∑(𝑅𝐼𝑊𝑒𝑖𝑔ℎ𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑘) ∗𝑀𝑜𝑑𝑖𝑓𝑖𝑒𝑑𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖, 𝑘) −𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖))
𝐾
𝑘=1
] 
(xx) 
"Rate of Interest - Cliquet" 
𝑀𝑎𝑥[∑(𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖)]]) −𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒, 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒1
𝑇
𝑖=1
] 
(xxi) 
"Rate of Interest - Cliquet Digital" 
(A) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is greater than Constant Percentage 1: 
Cliquet Digital Performance; or 
(B) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is greater than or equal to Constant Percentage 2 and is less than 
or equal to Constant Percentage 1: 
Constant Percentage 1; or 
(C) 
If Cliquet Digital Performance is less than Constant Percentage 2: 
Constant Percentage 2. 
(xxii) 
"Rate of Interest - Cliquet Digital Lock in" 
𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑘𝑖𝑛; ∑(𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖)]]) −𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒, 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒1
𝑇
𝑖=1
] 
(xxiii) 
"Rate of Interest - Digital Coupon One Dual Condition" 
(A) 
If Digital Coupon Condition [⚫] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest Period]: 
Rate A (i); or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
Rate B (i).  
(xxiv) 
"Rate of Interest - Digital Coupon Two Dual Conditions" 
(A) 
If Digital Coupon Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest Period]: 
Rate A (i); or 
(B) 
If Digital Coupon Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period][or was not satisfied in any previous Interest Period], but Digital 
Coupon Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon 
Valuation Period]: 
Rate B (i); or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
Rate C (i).

--- Page 155 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
155 
 
 
(xxv) 
"Rate of Interest - TARN" 
(A) 
In respect of each Interest Period other than the Target Final Interest Period: 
[select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any one of "Rate of Interest (i)" to 
"Rate of Interest - Range Accrual" (inclusive)]; and 
(B) 
In respect of the Target Final Interest Period and provided that an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event has not occurred: 
Final Interest Rate. 
(xxvi) 
"Rate of Interest - Ratchet" 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Previous Interest(i); Rate(i)]] 
(xxvii) "Rate of Interest - Multiplier" 
(insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage, Multiplier Number * Constant Percentage]] 
(insert the following if a cap is not applicable) 
Max [Floor Percentage, Multiplier Number * Constant Percentage 2] 
(xxviii) "Rate of Interest - Count Barrier Condition" 
(A) 
If, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], the Count Barrier 
Condition has been satisfied on [specify][or more][or less] Observation Dates in respect of such 
[ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage [1] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any one of 
"Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest - Range Accrual" (inclusive)]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]][select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from one of 
"Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest - Range Accrual" (inclusive); for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from 
the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph (A)] 
(xxix) 
"Rate of Interest - Podium" 
Rate(n) 
(xxx) 
"Rate of Interest - Compensation" 
(A) 
If, in respect of the [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] falling on 
i=[specify [and i=[specify]], the Calculation Agent determines that the sum of the Rate of 
Interest "(specify name of the applicable Rate of Interest)" above for such [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] [and the [specify] preceding [ST Coupon 
Valuation Dates][ST Coupon Valuation Periods]] is [zero][specify percentage] then for each 
such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] the Rate of Interest shall be: 
[Constant Percentage [1] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any one of 
"Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest - Range Accrual" (inclusive)]; or

--- Page 156 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
156 
 
 
(B) 
Otherwise, for each such [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] the Rate 
of Interest shall be: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]][select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from one of 
"Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest - Range Accrual" (inclusive); for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from 
the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph (A)] 
(xxxi) 
"Rate of Interest - Dual Currency Digital Coupon" 
(A) 
If the Coupon Barrier Condition [⚫] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period][or was satisfied in any previous Interest Period] 
[Constant Percentage[1]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from any one of 
"Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest - Range Accrual" (inclusive]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [2]] [select and insert the Interest Rate Payout Formula from one 
of "Rate of Interest (i)" to "Rate of Interest - Range Accrual" (inclusive); for the avoidance of 
doubt the selected Interest Rate Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from 
the Interest Rate Payout Formula for paragraph (A)] [and the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions] [and the SER Intermediate Currency Requirements] shall apply with respect to the 
payment of the corresponding Interest Amount]. 
(xxxii) "Rate of Interest - Partial Consolidation" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition [⚫] is satisfied for the first time in respect of a [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
Rate (i); or 
(B) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition [⚫] was satisfied in any previous Interest Period: 
Leverage * Rate (i); or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage] 
(xxxiii) "Rate of Interest - Ulises" 
(A) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition [⚫] is satisfied for the first time in respect of a [ST Coupon 
Valuation Date]: 
Rate (i) * n; or 
(B) 
If Coupon Barrier Condition [⚫] was satisfied in any previous Interest Period: 
Leverage * Rate (i); or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage] 
(xxxiv) "Rate of Interest - Leonidas Range Accrual" 
[Min [Max [Floor Percentage(i), Leonidas Coupon (i),], Cap Percentage(i)]

--- Page 157 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
157 
 
 
(xxxv) "Rate of Interest - Leonidas" 
[Min [Max [Floor Percentage(i), Leonidas Rate (i),], Cap Percentage(i)] 
(xxxvi) "Rate of Interest - Branch" 
(insert if a cap is applicable) 
 
Min [Max [BranchA(i), Branch B(i)]; Cap Percentage(i)] 
(insert if a floor is applicable)  
 
Max [Min [BranchA(i),Branch B(i)]; Floor Percentage(i)] 
(xxxvii) "Rate of Interest - Multiple Reverse" 
[Min [Max [Floor Percentage(i). Constant Percent(i) - Leverage (i) *(Highest Basket Closing Value(i) - 
Lowest Basket Closing Value(i)], Cap Percentage(i)] 
(xxxviii) "Rate of Interest - Growth & Income" 
(A) 
In respect of each Interest Period other than the Final Interest Period: 
a.     If Coupon Barrier Condition [⚫] is satisfied in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
Constant Percentage; or 
b.     Otherwise: 
zero 
(B) 
In respect of the Final Interest Period only: 
Max [0 per cent.; Performance – Previous Coupon Percentage] 
(xxxix) "Rate of Interest - Daily Fixed Coupon" 
Rate(i) ∗1
𝑚∗𝑛
𝑁 
 
(xl) 
“Rate of Interest - Digital Coupon One Dual Condition Memory" 
(A) 
If Digital Coupon Condition  is satisfied in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon 
Valuation Period] 
Rate(A) + SumRate(i); 0r 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
Rate B (i). 
 
(xli) 
“Rate of Interest – Accumulation" 
Accumulated Coupon Rate

--- Page 158 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
158 
 
 
(xlii) 
“Rate of Interest – Buy on DIP 
Cumulative Interest i – Cumulative Interest i-1 
2.2 
Final Payouts Formula(e) 
For insertion and completion into paragraph 34 (Final Payout) in the Issue Terms (except for Non-Exempt 
Securities, the numbering is subject to change as appropriate) 
A redemption formula(e) may be inserted and completed in paragraph 51 of the Issue Term as (Instalment 
Amounts) (except for Non-Exempt Securities, the numbering is subject to change as appropriate) for which 
purposes the selected formula shall be the Instalment Payout: 
(i) 
"Redemption" 
Constant Percentage + FR Value 
(ii) 
"Redemption - Call" 
(Insert the following if no cap or floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * (FR Value – Strike Percentage) 
(Insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Max [Floor Percentage; (FR Value - Strike Percentage)] 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Min [Cap Percentage; (FR Value – Strike Percentage)] 
(Insert the following if a cap and a floor are applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; (FR Value – Strike 
Percentage)]] 
(Insert if a call and a put are applicable) 
Constant Percentage + (Leverage 1 * (Min [Cap Percentage 1; Max [Floor Percentage 1; Leverage 2 * 
FR Value - Strike Percentage 1]])) + (Leverage 3 * (Min [Cap Percentage 2; Max [Floor Percentage 2; 
Strike Percentage 2 – Leverage 4 * FR Value]])) 
(iii) 
"Redemption - Put" 
(Insert the following if no cap or floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * (Strike Percentage – FR Value) 
(Insert the following if a floor is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Max [Floor Percentage; (Strike Percentage – FR Value)] 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Min [Cap Percentage; (Strike Percentage – FR Value)] 
(Insert the following if a cap and a floor are applicable)

--- Page 159 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
159 
 
 
Constant Percentage + Leverage * Min [Cap Percentage; Max [Floor Percentage; (Strike Percentage – 
FR Value)]] 
(Insert the following for put leveragee) 
Max [Floor Percentage; Constant Percentage – Leverage * (Strike Percentage – FR Value)] 
(iv) 
"Redemption - Digital" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt the selected 
Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the Final Payout Formula 
for paragraph (A)][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply]. 
(v) 
"Redemption - Digital with Knock-in" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt the selected 
final payout formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the final payout formula for 
paragraph (A))[no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply]. 
(vi) 
"Redemption - Strike Podium n Conditions" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition [1] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition [2] is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and Final Redemption Condition [1] is not satisfied in 
respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period][[and [no][a] 
Knock-in Event has occurred]: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt the selected 
Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the Final Payout Formula

--- Page 160 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
160 
 
 
for paragraph (A)][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply]; or 
(C) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 3][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt the selected 
Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (C) may be different from the Final Payout Formula 
for any of the preceding paragraphs][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(The above provisions of B may be duplicated in case more than two Final Redemption 
Conditions apply) 
(vii) 
"Redemption - Knock-in" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
100 per cent; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[FR Value] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(viii) 
"Redemption - Knock-in Standard" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)] [no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage 2; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 2] [Max [Floor Percentage; 100 
per cent. - Leverage * Max [0 per cent; Strike Percentage + Leverage 2 * FR Value]]] [select 
and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – 
Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt the selected Final Payout Formula for this 
paragraph (B) may be different from the Final Payout Formula for paragraph (A)][no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(ix) 
"Redemption - Knock-in Put Leverage" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
100 per cent.; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Max [Floor Percentage; Constant Percentage Leverage * (Strike Percentage – FR Value)]] [no 
Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply] 
(x) 
"Redemption - Barrier and Knock-in Standard" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]:

--- Page 161 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
161 
 
 
[100 per cent. + FR Additional Rate][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one 
of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption Amount will 
be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and [no][a] Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i) to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt the selected 
Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the Final Payout Formula 
for paragraph (A)][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply]; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and [no][a] Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage 2; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 2] [Max [Floor Percentage; 100 
per cent. - Leverage * Max [0 per cent; Strike Percentage + Leverage 2 * FR Value]]] [select 
and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – 
Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt the selected Final Payout Formula for this 
paragraph (C) may be different from the Final Payout Formula for any of the preceding 
paragraphs][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(xi) 
"Redemption - Barrier and Knock-in" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and [no][a] Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 2]; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and [no][a] Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[FR Value][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(xii) 
"Redemption - Barrier and Knock-in Put Leverage" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and [no][a] Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 2]; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and [no][a] Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Max [Floor Percentage; Constant Percentage - Leverage * (Strike Percentage – FR Value)]] 
[no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply] 
(xiii) 
"Redemption - Twin Win"

--- Page 162 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
162 
 
 
(Insert the following if a cap is not applicable) 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Max [Floor Percentage 1; Leverage 1 * (FR Value - Strike Percentage 
1)]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + Max [Leverage 2 * (Strike Percentage 2 - FR Value); Floor Percentage 
2)]; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage 3; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 3][select and insert the Final 
Payout Formula from any one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)] [no 
Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(Insert the following if a cap is applicable) 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Min [Cap Percentage 1; Max [Floor Percentage 1; Leverage 1 * (FR 
Value - Strike Percentage 1)]]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + Min [Cap Percentage 2; Max [Leverage 2 * (Strike Percentage 2 - FR 
Value); Floor Percentage 2]]; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage 3; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 3][select and insert the Final 
Payout Formula from any one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no 
Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(xiv) 
"Redemption - Himalaya" 
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑡𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒1 + 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒∗𝑀𝑎𝑥[
1
𝑇𝑜𝑡𝑎𝑙𝑀∗∑𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐵𝑒𝑠𝑡𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑘𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖) −𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝐿𝑜𝑐𝑎𝑙 𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖)]; 0
𝑀
𝑖=1
] 
(xv) 
"Redemption - Booster" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a ST Redemption Valuation Date[in 
the][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Max [0 per cent; Booster Percentage * (FR Value – Strike Percentage)]; 
or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][in the][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2; or

--- Page 163 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
163 
 
 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][in the] [ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Min [Constant Percentage 3; FR Value] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply] 
(xvi) 
"Redemption - Bonus" 
(A) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Max [Bonus Percentage; Leverage (FR Value –Strike Percentage)]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[FR Value][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply] 
(xvii) 
"Redemption - Dual Currency Digital" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period][and no Knock-in Event has occurred]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt the selected 
Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the Final Payout Formula 
for paragraph (A)) [and the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions] [and the SER Intermediate 
Currency Requirements] shall apply with respect to the payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount[.][ (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall mean the Final Redemption Amount will 
be payable in [specify currency] and be equal to [specify currency and amount])]]. 
(xviii) 
"Redemption - Count Barrier Condition" 
(A) 
If, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period], the 
Count Barrier Condition has been satisfied on [specify][or more][or less] Observation Dates in 
respect of such [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period], 
[Constant Percentage [1] [select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)][no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; ]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
[zero][Constant Percentage [[select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt the selected 
Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the Final Payout Formula 
for paragraph (A)][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply] 
(The above provisions of paragraph (A) may be duplicated) 
(xix) 
"Redemption - Accumulation" 
Max [Constant Percentage + ∑Ladder Value(i); Floor Percentage
T
i=1
]

--- Page 164 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
164 
 
 
(xx) 
"Redemption - Range Accrual" 
Max [100 per cent + [(Constant Percentage 1 ∗(n N
⁄ )) −(Constant Percentage 2 ∗((N −n) N
⁄ ))]; 0 per cent] 
(xxi) 
"Redemption - Twin Win with Knock-out Event capital protected" 
(A) 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
100 per cent + Max [0 per cent, Max [Leverage 1 ∗ (FR Value –  Strike Percentage 1), Leverage 2 ∗
 (Strike Percentage 2 –  FR Value)]]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise: 
100 per cent. 
(xxii) 
"Redemption - Twin Win with Knock-out Barriers capital at risk" 
(A) 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
100 per cent +
Max [0 per cent, Max [FR Value –  Strike Percentage 1, Strike Percentage 2 –  FR Value]]; 
or 
(B) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred and Final Redemption Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of 
a ST Redemption Valuation Date: 
100 per cent −Min [Cap Percentage;  Max  [0 per cent;  FR Value –  Strike Percentage 1]]; 
or 
(C) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred, Final Redemption Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of a ST 
Redemption Valuation Date and Final Redemption Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of a 
ST Redemption Valuation Date: 
100 per cent −Min [Floor Percentage;  Max [0 per cent;  Strike Percentage 2 −
 FR Value]]; or 
(D) 
Otherwise: 
100 per cent. 
(xxiii) 
"Redemption - Knock-out Standard" 
(A) 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)] [no Final Redemption Amount will be 
payable and Physical Delivery will apply]; or 
(B) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
[Min [Constant Percentage 2; FR Value]][Constant Percentage 2] [Max [Floor Percentage; 100 
per cent. - Leverage * Max [0 per cent; Strike Percentage + Leverage 2 * FR Value]]] [select 
and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of "Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – 
Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt the selected Final Payout Formula for this 
paragraph (B) may be different from the Final Payout Formula for paragraph (A)][no Final 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply].

--- Page 165 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
165 
 
 
(xxiv) 
"Redemption - Barrier and Knock-out" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and [a][no] Knock-out Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 2]; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and [a][no] Knock-out Event has occurred: 
[FR Value][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(xxv) 
"Redemption - Dual Currency Barriers" 
(A) 
If FX Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B) 
If FX Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] and 
FX Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] 
[Constant Percentage 2][; and 
[Constant Percentage 3][where the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions shall apply with 
respect to this part of the payment] which, for the avoidance of doubt shall be an amount equal 
to [specify currency and amount] per Calculation Amount]]. 
(C) 
Otherwise 
[Constant Percentage 4] [and the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions] shall apply with respect 
to the payment of the [Final Redemption Amount][Instalment Amount] ][ which, for the 
avoidance of doubt shall be an amount equal to [specify currency and amount] per Calculation 
Amount]]. 
(The above provisions of (B) may be duplicated if more than two FX Conditions apply) 
(For the avoidance of any doubt, the Final Redemption Amount and/or any Instalment Amount 
may be paid in the Specified Currency, the Settlement Currency or a combination of both) 
(xxvi) 
"Redemption - Dual Currency Barrier and Knock-out" 
(A) 
If no Knock-out Event has ever occurred and FX Condition 1 is satisfied in respect of a ST 
Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B) 
If no Knock-out Event has ever occurred and FX Condition 1 is not satisfied in respect of a [ST 
Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] and FX Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of a [ST 
Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] 
[Constant Percentage 2][; and

--- Page 166 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
166 
 
 
[Constant Percentage 3][where the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions shall apply with 
respect to the [Final Redemption Amount][Instalment Amount] which, for the avoidance of 
doubt shall be an amount equal to [specify currency and amount] per Calculation Amount]]. 
(C) 
Otherwise 
[Constant Percentage 4] 
(The above provisions of (B) may be duplicated if more than two FX Conditions apply) 
 (For the avoidance of any doubt, the Final Redemption Amount and/or any Instalment Amount 
may be paid in the Specified Currency, the Settlement Currency or a combination of both) 
(xxvii) "Redemption - Dual Currency Accumulation" 
Specified Currency Percentage + Settlement Currency Percentage 
(for the avoidance of any doubt, the Final Redemption Amount may be paid in the Specified Currency, 
the Settlement Currency or a combination of both) 
(xxviii) "Redemption - Knock-out, Knock-in and Barrier" 
(A) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred 
[Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(B) 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred and [a][no] Knock-in Event has occurred 
[Constant Percentage 2]; or 
(C) 
If [a][no] Knock-in Event has occurred and the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in 
respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] 
[Constant Percentage 3]; or 
(D) 
Otherwise 
[FR Value] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(xxix) 
"Redemption - Knock-out and Knock-in" 
(A) 
If a Knock-out Event has occurred 
[Constant Percentage 1] [select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)]; or 
(B) 
If no Knock-out Event has occurred and [a][no] Knock-in Event has occurred 
[Constant Percentage 2] [select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)]; or 
(C) 
Otherwise 
[FR Value] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will 
apply][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of "Redemption (i)" to 
"Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)].

--- Page 167 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
167 
 
 
(xxx) 
"Redemption - Barrier and Knock-out Standard" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)] or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and [no][a] Knock-out Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 2][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i) to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt the selected 
Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the Final Payout Formula 
for paragraph (A)]; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and [no][a] Knock-out Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 3] [select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive); for the avoidance of doubt the selected 
Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (C) may be different from the Final Payout Formula 
for any of the preceding paragraphs][no Final Redemption Amount will be payable and 
Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(xxxi) 
"Redemption - Combined Barriers" 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-[out][in] Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 1] [select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)]; or 
(B) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and a Knock-[out][in] Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 2] [select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive) for the avoidance of doubt the selected 
Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (B) may be different from the Final Payout Formula 
for paragraph (A)];]; or 
(C) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period] and no Knock-[out][in] Event has occurred: 
[Constant Percentage 3] [select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive) ); for the avoidance of doubt the 
selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (C) may be different from the Final Payout 
Formula for any of the preceding paragraphs]; 
(D) 
Otherwise: 
[Constant Percentage 4][ [select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive) ); for the avoidance of doubt the 
selected Final Payout Formula for this paragraph (D) may be different from the Final Payout 
Formula for any of the preceding paragraphs] [no Final Redemption Amount will be payable 
and Physical Delivery will apply]. 
(xxxii) "Redemption – Digital FX

--- Page 168 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
168 
 
 
(A) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation 
Date][ST Redemption Valuation Period][and no Knock-in Event has occurred]: 
[Constant Percentage 1][select and insert the Final Payout Formula from any one of 
"Redemption (i)" to "Redemption (iii) – Put" (inclusive)]; or 
(B) 
Otherwise:  
[Constant Percentage 2 * (FX[1][2]) / FX [1][2])] 
(xxxiii) "Redemption – Disersion 
Max [Constant Percentage; Dispersion – Strike Percentage] 
(xxxiv) "Redemption – Buy on DIP 
(A) 
If three Trigger Events have occurred: 
Initial 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗ RI Value + 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 1 ∗ DIP Value 1 +𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑒𝑛𝑡 
𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 2∗ DIP Value 2 +𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 3∗ DIP Value 3; or 
(B) 
If two Trigger Events have occurred: 
Initial P𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛∗ RI Value +𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 1∗ DIP Value 1 + 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑒𝑛𝑡 
𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 2∗ DIP Value 2 +𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 3; or 
(C) 
If one Trigger Event has occurred: 
Initial 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ∗ RI Value + 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 1∗ DIP Value 1+ 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑒𝑛𝑡 
𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 2+𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 3]. 
(D) 
Otherwise: 
Initial 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛∗ RI Value + 𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 1 + Contigent Participation 2 + 
Conytingent Participation 3 
(The above provisions of A to (D) and the formula may be extended in case more than three Trigger 
Events apply or reduced if less that three Trigger Events apply) 
3. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amounts 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event occurs, then: 
Insert either of the below formula  into paragraph 35(iii) (Automatic Early Redemption Amount) of the Issue Terms 
(except for Non-Exempt Securities, the numbering is subject to change as appropriate) and unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(A) 
[Calculation Amount][𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦] ∗(AER Percentage + AER Additional Rate) 
(B) 
(i) 
If no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
[Calculation Amount * [Constant Percentage 1]; or 
(ii) 
If a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Calculation Amount * [Min [Constant Percentage 2; Leverage * FR Value] 
(C)         [Calculation Amount][𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦] ∗(100% + Final Interest Rate);

--- Page 169 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
169 
 
 
4. 
Entitlement Amounts for Physical Delivery 
[Insert either of the below formula into paragraph 52(ii) (Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery – Entitlement 
Amount) (except for Non-Exempt Securities, the numbering is subject to change as appropriate) of the applicable 
Issue Terms , as applicable.] 
(insert if one Relevant Asset is specified) 
(i) 
Calculation Amount/(Constant Percentage * Reference RI Initial Price * FX) 
(insert if two ore more Relevant Assets are specified) 
(ii) 
1/K * Calculation Amount/(Constant Percentage * Reference RI Initial Price * FX) (insert if more than 
one Reference Item is specified as Relevant Asset in item 52(ii)/(iii) except for the Final Terms, the 
numbering is subject to change as appropriate) 
The Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the nearest unit of each Relevant Asset capable of being 
delivered (the "Equity Element") and in lieu thereof the Issuer will pay a residual amount (the "Residual 
Amount") equal to: 
(Entitlement Amount −Equity Element) ∗Physical Delivery Price ∗FX 
(select one of the below, if the relevant Reference Item is a Bond) 
(i) 
Per Calculation Amount, the number of units of the Bond multiplied with the Conversion Ratio, or 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount/(Nominal Amount of the Bond * Reference RI Initial Price * FX) 
The Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the nearest unit of the Bond capable of being delivered (the 
"Bond Element") and in lieu thereof the Issuer will pay a residual amount (the "Residual Amount") equal to: 
(Entitlement Amount −Bond Element) ∗Physical Delivery Price ∗FX 
5. 
Definitions 
5.1 
General Definitions 
“Accumulated Coupon Rate” means the sum of the Ladder Value for each Obervation Date from (and including) 
the first Observation Date to (and including) [(i) the Observation Date immediately preceeding the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date following the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event] [(i) the Observation 
Date fallin on the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date on which an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs] and (ii) the last Obervation Date, whichever is the earlier]  
"AER Additional Rate" means, in respect of a [ST AER Valuation Date] or [ST AER Valuation Period], [the 
AER Rate][AER Rate DCF][AER Rate MT][AER Value][AER Reference Item Rate][Call Return] 
"AER Percentage" means [specify] per cent. 
"AER Rate" means [specify rate]. 
"AER Rate DCF" means a percentage calculated as the product of the AER Rate and the applicable Day Count 
Fraction. 
"AER Rate MT" means the product of (a) [specify rate] and (b) the number of [Interest Periods][ST Valuation 
Dates][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Dates] from the Issue Date to [and including][but excluding] the 
[Interest Period in which the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls][the date of the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date]. 
"AER Reference Item Rate" means [specify floating rate].

--- Page 170 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
170 
 
 
"AER Value" means in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]] to (k[=[specify]])] [specify value from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Barrier[1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number or rate of exchange]. 
"Barrier Percentage Strike Price" means [specify percentage]. 
"Barrier Value" means, in respect of a [Observation Date][ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period], [and in 
respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout 
Condition 5.2]. (repeat as necessary) 
"Basket" means: (a) if the relevant Reference Items are Indices, the Basket of Indices (as defined in the Index 
Linked Conditions) as specified in the Issue Terms; (b) if the relevant Reference Items are Shares, the Basket of 
Shares (as defined in the Equity Linked Conditions) as specified in the Issue Terms; (c) if the relevant Reference 
Item are Inflation Indices, a basket composed of each Inflation Index specified in the Issue Terms (d) if the relevant 
Reference Items are ETF Shares, the Basket of ETFs (as defined in the ETF Linked Conditions) (e) if the relevant 
Reference Item are Fund Shares, the Fund Basket (as defined in the Fund Linked Conditions) as specified in the 
Issue Terms; (f) if the Reference Items are EUA Contracts, the Basket of EUA Contracts (as defined in the EUA 
Contract Linked Conditions) as specified in the Issue Terms; (g) if the relevant Reference Item are Subject 
Currencies, a basket composed of each Subject Currency specified in the Issue Terms; and (h) in the case of 
Reference Items which are Shares, ETFs and/or Indices, where applicable, a basket of Shares, ETFs and/or Indices, 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; (i) if the relevant Reference Items are Custom Indices, the Basket of 
Indices (as defined in the Custom Index Linked Conditions) as specified in the Issue Terms, in each case subject 
to Weightings. 
"Basket Ranking" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the ranking of each Basket by Basket Value from 
highest Basket Value to lowest Basket Value in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Best Lock Value(i)" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [or ST Valuation Period], the highest RI Value 
on such [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] of the Reference Item(s) in Himalaya Basket(i). 
"Best Replace Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Bonus Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Booster Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Branch A (i)" means in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
[Leverage 1(i)* Previous Interest(i)+Constant Percentage 1(i)+Basket Closing Value A(i)] 
"Branch B (i)" means in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
[Leverage 2(i)*Previous Interest(i)+Constant Percentage 2(i)+Basket Closing Value B(i)] 
"Buffer Rate" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Return" means [specify percentage]. 
"Call Strike Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Cap Percentage[1][2]" means [specify percentage][Maximum Return]. 
"Cappuccino Barrier Value" means in respect of a Reference Item: 
(i) 
if in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] the Cappuccino Barrier 
Condition is satisfied, Cap Percentage(i); 
(ii) 
otherwise, Coupon Barrier Value(i,k).

--- Page 171 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
171 
 
 
"Cliquet Digital Performance" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period]: 
∑
𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖)]]
𝑡
𝑖=1
 
"Constant Percentage[1][2][3][4][5][6]" means [specify percentage][Put Strike Percentage]. 
"Contingent Participation (k=1 [to k=[1][2][3][4]])" means [specify percentage]. 
"Contingent Payment Accrual Period k,i" means in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date i and for a Contingent 
Participation k, the number of calendar days from and excluding the [Strike Date][Issue Date] to and including 
the earlier of (i) the respective Trigger Event Date k or (ii) such Coupon Valuation Date i. 
"Conversion Ratio" means the ratio specified or determined as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Barrier[1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number or rate of exchange]. 
"Coupon Barrier Value" means, in respect of a [Observation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon 
Valuation Period], [and in respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined 
term from Payout Condition 5.2]. (repeat as necessary) 
"Coupon Lock in" means: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥𝑡=1
𝑇[∑
𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐹𝑙𝑜𝑜𝑟𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐶𝑎𝑝𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑐𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑎𝑔𝑒(𝑖); 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑝𝑜𝑛𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑒(𝑖)]]
𝑡
𝑖=1
] 
"Coupon Value" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period] [and in 
respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout 
Condition 5.2] 
“Cumulative Interest i” means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date i, the product of (i) the Rate and (ii)  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, Cumulative Interest i-1 means 0 for the first Coupon Valuation Date.  
"Current Interest Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Interest 
Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls. 
"Downside Leverage Factor" means [specify number or percentage]. 
"Downside Threshold" means [specify percentage]. 
"Final Buffer Level" means [specify percentage]. 
"Final Coupon Rate" means the Rate of Interest calculated in respect of the [Current Interest Period][Target Final 
Interest Period] (the "Final Interest Period") 
"Final Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction applicable to the Final Interest Period. 
"Final Interest Rate" means (insert one of the following)[specify][zero] 
(If capped and guaranteed:) [the AER Percentage][Target Coupon Percentage] less Paid Coupon Percentage.] 
(If not capped or guaranteed:) [the Final Coupon Rate multiplied by the Final Day Count Fraction.] 
(If capped only:) [Min [Final Coupon Rate * Final Day Count Fraction; [AER Percentage][Target Coupon 
Percentage] - Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
∑
𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑡𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑟𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑖𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝑘
m
𝑘=1
 * Contingent Participation Accrual 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑘,𝑖 /360

--- Page 172 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
172 
 
 
(If guaranteed only:) [Max [Final Coupon Rate * Final Day Count Fraction; [AER Percentage][Target Coupon 
Percentage] - Paid Coupon Percentage].] 
"Final Redemption Condition Level [1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number or rate of 
exchange][Strike Level][Final Buffer Level][Downside Threshold]. 
"Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of 
[each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Floor Lock in" means Constant Percentage [1] multiplied by the integer number resulting from the quotient of 
the Coupon Lock in and Constant Percentage [1]. 
"Floor Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"FR Additional Rate" means [FR Rate][FR MT up Rate][FR Rate DCF][FR Rate MT]. 
"FR MT up Rate" means: 
(insert if cap is applicable) 
[Min [Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * (FR Value - Strike Percentage)]; Cap Percentage] + Constant 
Percentage]. 
(insert if cap is not applicable) 
[Max [Floor Percentage; Leverage * (FR Value - Strike Percentage)] + Constant Percentage]. 
"FR Rate" means [specify rate]. 
"FR Rate DCF" means a percentage calculated as the product of the FR Rate and the applicable Day Count 
Fraction. 
"FR Rate MT" means the product of (a) [specify rate] and (b) the number of [Interest Periods][ST Valuation 
Dates] from and including the Issue Date to [and including][but excluding] the [Interest Period in which the 
relevant ST Valuation Date falls][date of the relevant ST Valuation Date]. 
"FX Condition Value" means means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] [and in respect 
of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"FX Level [1][2][3]" means [specify level or rate]. 
"FR Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period][and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"FX" [1][2] means [ the relevant RI FX Level(i) on the relevant ST Valuation Date] [or if that is not a Business 
Day the immediately succeeding Business Day.][specify][the Settlement Price on the ST Valuation Date] 
"FX Accumulation Value" means in respect of an Observation Date (i) Constant Percentage 1, if FX Condition 
1 is satisfied in respect of such Observation Date or (ii) Constant Percentage 2, if FX Condition 1 is not satisfied 
in respect of such Observation Date and FX Condition 2 is satisfied in respect of such Observation Date or (iii) 
Constant Percentage 3 otherwise ( FX Condition may be duplicated in case more than two FX Condition apply) 
"Himalaya Basket(i)" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date(i), a Basket comprising each Reference Item in 
Himalaya Basket(i-1) but excluding the Reference Item in relation to Best Lock Value(i-1). 
“Initial Participation” means [specify percentage] 
"K" means [specify number], being the total number of Reference Items in the Basket.

--- Page 173 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
173 
 
 
“Knock-in Barrier”: means [specify percentage] 
“Knock-out Barrier”: means [specify percentage] 
"Knock-in Value" in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Knock-out Value" in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Ladder Percentage [1][2][3]" means [specify percentage] 
"Ladder Value" means in respect of an Observation Date: 
(i) 
If, in respect of an Observation Date, Ladder Condition [1] is satisfied, Ladder Percentage [1] 
(ii) 
If, in respect of an Observation Date, Ladder Condition [1] is not satisfied but Ladder Condition [2] is 
satisfied, Ladder Percentage [2] 
(iii) 
Otherwise, Ladder Percentage [3] 
(the above provision (ii) may be deleted in case that only one Ladder Condition applies) 
"Leonidas Coupon (i-1)" means in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the Leonidas Coupon (i) determined 
on the ST Coupon Valuation Date immediately preceding such ST Coupon Valuation Date or, in respect of the 
first ST Coupon Valuation Date, zero. 
"Leonidas Coupon(i)" means in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date 
(insert if Leonidas Coupon is determined considering the Previous Interest included in the rate calculated on the 
number of days on which the range accrual coupon condition is satisfied) 
Leverage 1 * Rate (i) + Spread(i) + [Leverage 2(i) * Previous Interest (i) + Range-In Leverage(i) * Rate (i) + 
Range-in Spread(i)]* n/N + [Range-Out Leverage(i) * Rate (i) + Range-Out Spread(i)]* (N-n)/N 
(insert if Leonidas Coupon is determined considering the previous Leonidas Coupon) 
Leverage 1(i) * Rate(i) + Spread(i) + [Leverage 2(i) * Leonidas Coupon (i-1) + Range-In Leverage(i) * Rate(i) + 
Range-In Spread(i) ) +]* n/N + [Range-Out Leverage(i) * Rate (i) + Range-Out Spread(i)]* (N-n)/N 
(insert if Leonidas Coupon is determined considering Previous Interest regardless of the number of days on which 
the range accrual coupon condition is satisfied) 
Leverage 1(i) * Rate(i)+ Spread(i) + Leverage 2(i) * Previous Interest + [Range-in Leverage * Rate(i) + Range-
in Spread]* n/N + [Range-Out Leverage * Rate (i) + Range-Out Spread]* (N-n)/N 
(insert if Leonidas Coupon is determined considering Previous Leonidas Coupon regardless of the number of 
days on which the range accrual coupon condition is satisfied) 
Leverage 1(i) * Rate(i) + Spread(i) + Leverage 2(i)* Leonidas Coupon (i-1) + [ Range-in Leverage(i) * Rate(i) + 
Range-in Spread(i)]* n/N + [Range-Out Leverage(i) * Rate (i) + Range-Out Spread(i)]* (N-n)/N 
"Leonidas Rate(i)" means in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
Leverage 1(i) * Previous Interest (i) + ABS Value(i) + Spread (i)+ Slope Participation 1 (i)* Slope 1 (i) + Slope 
Participation 2(i) * Slope 2 (i) 
"Leverage [1][2][3][4]" means [specify percentage][Downside Leverage Factor][Upside Gearing][Participation 
Rate][Buffer Rate].

--- Page 174 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
174 
 
 
"Local Floor Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Lower Coupon Barrier [1][2][3][4][n]" means [specify percentage] 
"m" means [specify number] 
"M" means a series of ST Valuation Dates or ST Valuation Periods. 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the amounts separated 
by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Maximum Return" means [specify percentage].  
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the amounts separated 
by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min Coupon" means [specify percentage]. 
"Modified Value(i,k)" means: 
(i) 
if the Coupon Value(i,k) is one of the nfixed greatest value in the basket of the Reference Items, the Best 
Replace Percentage; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, Coupon Value(i,k). 
"Multiplier Level" means [specify percentage]. 
"Multiplier Number" shall be the number of Observation Dates, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation 
Period], that the Multiplier Condition is satisfied. 
"Multiplier Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period, [specify defined term from 
Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"n" means: 
(a) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest - Ulises", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the number of ST 
Coupon Valuation Dates (in the period from the Issue Date to and including such ST Coupon Valuation 
Date); 
(b) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest - Range Accrual", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the number 
of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the [Range Accrual Coupon 
Condition][Range Accrual Countdown Condition][Basket Range Accrual Coupon Condition] is 
satisfied; 
(c) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest - Leonidas Range Accrual", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the 
number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the Basket Range Accrual Coupon 
Condition is satisfied; 
(d) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest - Daily Fixed Coupon", in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Period, the 
number of Scheduled Trading Days within the relevant ST Coupon Valuation Period up to an including 
the day on which an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, or the last day of the relevant ST Coupon 
Valuation Period, whichever is earlier; and 
(e) 
in respect of "Redemption - Range Accrual", in respect of the ST Redemption Valuation Date, the number 
of Range Accrual Days in the Range Period on which the Range Accrual Final Redemption Condition is 
satisfied. 
"N" means:

--- Page 175 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
175 
 
 
(a) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest - Range Accrual", for each ST Coupon Valuation Date, the total number 
of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period; 
(b) 
in respect of "Rate of Interest - Daily Fixed Coupon", for each ST Coupon Valuation Period, the total 
number of Scheduled Trading Days in the relevant ST Coupon Valuation Period; and 
(c) 
In respect of "Redemption - Range Accrual", for ST Redemption Valuation Date, the total number of 
Range Accrual Days in the Range Period. 
"nfixed" means [specify number]. 
"Observation Level [1][2]" means [specify amount or percentage or number or rate of exchange]. 
"Observation Value" means in respect of an Observation Date, [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Option FX": If Option FX is specified as applicable in respect of any Interest Formula(e) in the Issue Terms, the 
RI FX Rate will be applied to the calculation of the relevant payout formula as further specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Paid Coupon Percentage" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Target 
Determination Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of (i) the Rate of 
Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case for such Interest Period preceding the Current Interest Period 
(in the case of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date) or the Target Final Interest Period (in the case of 
a Target Determination Date). 
"Participation Rate" means [specify percentage]. 
"Physical Delivery Price" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, [and in respect of each Reference Item in 
the Basket] the RI Closing Value in respect of [such][the] Reference Item [with the] [Worst Value][Best 
Value][Ranked Value][on such ST Valuation Date]. 
"Previous Coupon Percentage" means, in respect of the ST Coupon Valuation Date in respect of the Final 
Interest Period, the sum of all previous Rate of Interest calculated for each ST Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Previous Interest" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the Rate of Interest determined on the ST 
Coupon Valuation Date immediately preceding such ST Coupon Valuation Date or, in respect of the first ST 
Coupon Valuation Date, zero. 
"Put Strike Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"RA Barrier [1][2][3][4]" means in respect of a Reference Item, [specify percentage]. 
"RA Barrier Value" means, [specify value from Payout Condition 5.2][in respect of an ST Coupon Valuation 
Date and a Reference Item, the [specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2][the Reference Spread].] 
"Range-In Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Range-In Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"Range-Out Leverage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Range-Out Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"Ranked Basket Weighting" means, in respect of a Basket, the percentage specified for the ordinal positioning 
of the Based in the Basket Ranking 
"Ranked Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Item, the percentage specified for the ordinal positioning 
of the Reference Item in the Ranking.

--- Page 176 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
176 
 
 
"Ranking" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the ranking of each Reference Item by RI Value from 
highest RI Value to lowest RI Value in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Rate [A][B][C]" means, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], [specify rate 
determined on the basis set out in the applicable Issue Terms ][Inflation Rate]. 
"Rate(n)" (from n=1 to n=N) means in respect of "Rate of Interest - Podium" on any ST Coupon Valuation Date, 
the rate specified in the Issue Terms and associated with the number of Reference Items (from n=1 to n=N) in the 
Basket for which the Podium Condition is satisfied on the relevant ST Coupon Valuation Date. 
"Redemption Barrier[1][2][3][4]" means [specify amount or percentage or number or rate of exchange]. 
"Redemption Barrier Value" means in respect of a ST Redemption Valuation Date] [ST Redemption Valuation 
Period] [Observation Date][, [and in respect of [each][of] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], 
[specify defined term from Payout Condition 5.2] (repeat as necessary) 
"Reference Item [1][2]….[N]" means the asset or reference basis specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Reference Item Rate" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, or a ST Valuation Period, the relevant Rate of 
Interest determined pursuant to General Condition 4(b) and on the basis of item 28 and/or item 45 of the Final 
Terms or item 28 and/or item 46 of the Pricing Supplement, as applicable. For this purpose, references in 
Condition 4(b) to the applicable Rate of Interest being determined for each Interest Period shall be construed to 
be to such Rate of Interest being determined for the applicable ST Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period. The 
notification requirements set out in Condition 4(b)(viii) shall not apply where the Rate of Interest or Redemption 
Amount is determined by reference to a Reference Item Rate only. 
"Reference Spread [1][2]" means Reference Item Rate [1][2] minus Reference Item Rate [1][2]. (NB Complete 
Reference Item Rates 1 and 2 to reflect Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination for the relevant 
Reference Item Rates. Repeat for further Reference Spread(s) as necessary) 
"Slope 1" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
Max[0; Slope Percentage 1(i) + Basket Closing Value B] 
"Slope 2" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Date: 
Max[0; Slope Percentage 2(i) + Basket Closing Value C] 
"Slope Participation [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Slope Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Settlement Currency Percentage" means in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the FX Accumulation 
Value on each Observation Date in respect of such ST Valuation Date determined by the Calculation Agent 
as ∑ti=0 FX Accumulation Value and for which the Settlement Exchange Provisions shall apply with respect to the 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount. 
"Specified Currency Percentage: means in respect of a ST Valuation Date, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of such ST-Valuation Date as (100% - Settlement Currency Percentage) for which 
the Settlement Exchange Provisions shall not apply with respect to the payment of the Final Redemption Amount. 
"Spread" means [specify percentage]. 
"Strike Percentage [1][2]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Strike Level" means [specify level or percentage].

--- Page 177 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
177 
 
 
"SumRate" means, in respect of each ST Coupon Valuation Date, the sum of all previous rates for each ST 
Coupon Valuation Date since (but not including) the last occurring date on which the relevant [Barrier Count 
Condition][Digital Coupon Condition] was satisfied (or if none the Issue Date). 
"T" means: [specify number], being the total number of [ST Coupon Valuation Dates][Observation Dates] from 
and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Target Coupon Percentage" means [specify percentage]. 
"Total M" means: [specify number] being the total number of [ST Valuation Dates][ST Valuation Periods] for 
the Securities. 
"Trigger Event Date k" means, in respect of each relevant Trigger Event k, the Scheduled Trading Day on which 
such Trigger Event k has occurred. 
"Trigger Event k" is deemed to have occurred if on any Scheduled Trading Day during the period from and 
including [the Issue Date][Strike Date] to and including [specify date], [specify value from Payout Condition 5.2][  
is (or has been at least once) [greater than][greater than or equal to][less than][less than or equal to] Trigger Level 
k.  
“Trigger Level k” means [specify percentage]. 
"Upper Coupon Barrier [1][2][3]4][n]" means [specify percentage]. 
"Upside Gearing" means [specify percentage]. 
"Weighting [1][2]" means,[ in respect of a Reference Item], [specify number, amount or percentage]]. 
5.2 
Value Definitions 
"Absolute Performance Difference" means in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of a Reference Item, 
the absolute value of (a) the Performance of such Reference Item minus (b) the Basket Performance   
"ABS Value" means in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] the absolute value of [the] [Basket 
Closing Value [A]][Performance][Basket Performance][Worst Performance][Basket Value]. 
"Accumulated Coupon" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each 
Interest Period including the Current Interest Period as [the product of (i)] [each Rate of Interest [and (ii) the Day 
Count Fraction]], in each case for such Interest Period. 
"Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Basket Values 
on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Best Values on 
each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Rainbow 
Values on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Worst Values 
on each ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Barrier Count Value" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], the number of times 
the Count Barrier Condition has been satisfied, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Barrier Initial Price" means a price equal to the product of (x) the RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on 
the [Strike Date][Initial Calculation Date] and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price.

--- Page 178 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
178 
 
 
"Barrier Initial Maximum Price" means a price equal to the product of (x) the greatest RI Closing Value for a 
Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period] 
and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
"Barrier Initial Minimum Price" means an amount equal to the product of (x) the lowest RI Closing Value for 
such Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation 
Period] and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
"Barrier Initial Average Price" means an amount equal to the product of (x) the arithmetic average of the RI 
Closing Values for a Reference Item on each [Strike Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the 
Initial Calculation Period] and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price. 
"Basket Closing Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date and in respect of Reference Item(s) [from 
(k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference Item in the Basket as (a) 
the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant 
Weighting. 
"Basket Performance" means in respect of a ST Valuation Date [and in respect of Reference Item(s) [from 
(k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], (a) the Basket Value [A][B] in respect of such ST Valuation Date minus (b) 
100 per cent. 
"Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date [and in respect of Reference Item(s) [from 
(k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference Item in the Basket as (a) 
the [RI Value][RI Capped Value][RI Floored Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date multiplied by (b) the relevant Weighting. 
"Basket Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date [and any time at which a value for all the 
Reference Items in the Basket is calculated], the sum of the values calculated for each Reference Item in the 
Basket at such time as (a) the RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item is calculated in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant Weighting. 
"Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Intraday Value for the Reference Item(s) 
with the highest or equal highest RI Intraday Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date. 
"Best Performance" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Performance for the Reference Item(s) with 
the highest or equal highest Performance for any Reference Item [from (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] in the 
Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for the Reference Item(s) with the highest 
or equal highest RI Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
“Dispersion” means in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the arithmetic average of the Absolute Performance 
Difference of each Reference Item in the Basket 
“DIP Value [1][2][3][4][5]” means in respect of the Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the RI 
Closing Value for the Reference Item on such ST Valuation Date, divided by (ii) [the RI Closing Value of the 
Reference Item on the Trigger Event Date k=[1][2][3][4][5]][ the product of (A) the RI Closing Value for the 
Reference Item on the Strike Date and (B) the relevant Trigger Level k=[1][2][3][4][5]] (expressed as a 
percentage)]. 
"FX Average Level" means the arithmetic average of the RI FX Levels for a Reference Item on each [Strike Day 
in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
"FX Closing Level" means the RI FX Level for a Reference Item on the [Strike Date][Initial Calculation Date]. 
"FX Maximum Level" means the greatest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike 
Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period].

--- Page 179 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
179 
 
 
"FX Minimum Level" means the lowest RI FX Level for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the Strike 
Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
"FX Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and any day either: (i) the RI FX Level for such day divided 
by the RI FX Strike Level or (ii) the RI FX Strike Level divided by the RI FX Level for such day, as specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Highest Basket Closing Value" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Period, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Reference Item in the Basket as (a) the Highest RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in 
respect of such ST Coupon Valuation Period multiplied by (b) the relevant Weighting. 
"Highest Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Basket Value 
on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Best 
Intraday Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Best Value on any 
ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Rainbow 
Value on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest RI Closing Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the highest or 
equal highest RI Closing Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the highest or 
equal highest RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Highest RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest 
RI Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date [in such ST Valuation Period.][in the period from 
and including [the start of such ST Valuation Period] [specify] up to and including such ST Valuation Date] 
"Highest Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the highest or equal highest Worst Value on 
any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Inflation Rate" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period][specify defined term from 
Payout Condition 5.2 for a Reference Item which is an Inflation Index]. 
"Initial Average Price" means for a Reference Item, the arithmetic average of the RI Closing Value for a 
Reference Item on each [Strike Day in the Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
"Initial Closing Price" means the RI Closing Value of a Reference Item on [the Strike Date][the Initial 
Calculation Date]. 
"Initial Level" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify level] [[RI Closing Value][Closing Level][Closing 
Price] of a Reference Item on the Strike Date]. 
"Initial Maximum Price" means the highest RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the 
Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
"Initial Minimum Price" means the lowest RI Closing Value for a Reference Item on any [Strike Day in the 
Strike Period] [Initial Calculation Day in the Initial Calculation Period]. 
"Initial Price" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify price] [[RI Closing Value][Closing Level][Closing 
Price] of a Reference Item on the Strike Date]. 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of an Index and subject to the Index Linked Conditions, an amount equal to 
the level of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent at any relevant time during the regular trading

--- Page 180 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
180 
 
 
session hours of the relevant Exchanges, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular 
trading session hours, on the relevant ST Valuation Date [multiplied by the FX Value] 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of (i) a Share or an ETF Share or a Fund Share and subject to the Equity 
Linked Conditions or the ETF Linked Conditions or the Fund Linked Conditions, as applicable, an amount equal 
to the price of such Share or ETF Share or Fund Share quoted on the relevant Exchange as determined by the 
Calculation Agent at any relevant time during the regular trading session hours of the relevant Exchange, without 
regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours, on the relevant ST Valuation 
Date [multiplied by the FX Value]; and (ii) a Subject Currency and subject to the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Conditions, a rate determined by reference to the definition of Settlement Price in the Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Conditions by the Calculation Agent and for such purpose the applicable Valuation Time shall be any relevant 
time on the relevant ST Valuation Date. 
"Inverse Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, (a) the RI Inverse Value 
in respect of such day minus (b) 100 per cent. [and multiplied by (c) the FX Value]. 
"Knock-in Value" in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from this Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Knock-out Value" in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] [and in respect of [each][of] 
Reference Item (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])], [specify defined term from this Payout Condition 5.2]. 
"Lowest Basket Closing Value" means, in respect of a ST Coupon Valuation Period, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Reference Item in the Basket as (a) the Lowest RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in 
respect of such ST Coupon Valuation Period multiplied by (b) the relevant Weighting. 
"Lowest Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Basket Value on 
any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Best Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Best Value on any 
ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Rainbow Value 
on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Closing Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal 
lowest RI Closing Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or 
equal lowest RI Intraday Value for such Reference Item on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest RI Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest 
RI Value for such Reference Item on any [ST Valuation Date [in such ST Valuation Period] [in the period from 
and including) [the start of such ST Valuation Period][specify] up to and including such ST Valuation Date] 
"Lowest Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest Worst Intraday Value 
on any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Lowest Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Period, the lowest or equal lowest Worst Value on 
any ST Valuation Date in such ST Valuation Period. 
"Performance" means, in respect of [a] Reference Item [(k[=[specify]]) and a ST Valuation Date, (a) the RI Value 
for such Reference Item in respect of such day minus (b) 100 per cent. [, and multiplied by (c) the FX Value]. 
"Performance Difference" means in respect of a ST Valuation Date, [the Performance for Reference 
Item (k[=[specify]])] [Basket Performance [A]] [in respect of Reference Item [from (k[=[specify]]) to 
(k[=[specify]])], the Performance for the Reference Item with the [Worst Performance][Best Performance]]  in 
respect of such ST Valuation Date minus [the Performance for Reference Item (k[=[specify]])][Basket 
Performance [B]] in respect of such ST Valuation Date.

--- Page 181 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
181 
 
 
"Reference RI Initial Price" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date [and in respect of each Reference Item in 
the Basket], the RI Initial Value in respect of [such][the] Reference Item [with the][Worst Value][Best 
Value][Ranked Value] [on such ST Valuation Date]. 
"Rainbow Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each 
Basket as (a) the Basket Value for such Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant 
Ranked Basket Weighting. 
"Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Reference 
Item in the Basket as (a) the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date multiplied 
by (b) the relevant Ranked Weighting. 
"Ranked Basket Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Basket Value in respect of the Basket with 
the [first][second][specify] ordinal positioning in the Basket Ranking in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value in respect of the Reference Item [from 
(k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] with the [first][second][specify] ordinal positioning in the Ranking in respect 
of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Restrike Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date (a) (i) the RI Closing 
Value for such Reference Item in respect of such day divided by (ii) the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item 
in respect of the immediately preceding ST Valuation Date or if none, the [Strike Date][Initial Calculation Date] 
(b) less 100 per cent.[, and multiplied by (c) the FX Value] 
"RI Average Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] the arithmetic average 
of the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of each [set of] Averaging Date[s] specified in relation 
to such ST Valuation Date [multiplied by (b) the FX Value].  
"RI Capped Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the lowest or equal lowest 
value between the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date and a Cap Percentage. 
"RI Closing Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Index, the Settlement Level (as defined in the Index Linked 
Conditions) (such Settlement Level may also be referred to as the "Closing Level");  
(ii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share, the Settlement Price (as defined in the Equity Linked 
Conditions) (such Settlement Price may also be referred to as the "Closing Price"); 
(iii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level (as defined in the Inflation Linked 
Conditions); 
(iv) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Exchange Traded Fund, the Settlement Price of the ETF Share (as 
defined in the ETF Linked Conditions) (such Settlement Price may also be referred to as the "Closing 
Price"); 
(v) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share (as defined in the Fund Linked 
Conditions); 
(vi) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Subject Currency, the Settlement Price (as defined in the Foreign 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions); 
(vii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a rate of interest, the Reference Item Rate; 
(viii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Reference Spread, the Reference Spread; 
(ix) 
If the Reference Item is an EUA Contract, the Settlement Price (as defined in the EUA Contract Linked 
Conditions);

--- Page 182 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
182 
 
 
(x) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Bond, the Settlement Price (as defined in the Bond Linked Conditions); 
and 
(xi) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Custom Index, the Settlement Level (as defined in the Custom Index 
Linked Conditions) 
in each case on such ST Valuation Date. 
"RI Floored Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the highest or equal highest 
value between the RI Value for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date and a Floor Percentage. 
"RI FX Level" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, and for the purpose of converting an amount in respect 
of a Reference Item into the Specified Currency, [(include relevant rate or page/service and, if applicable, 
observation time)[(or any successor to such page or service)] [the Settlement Exchange Rate on the RI FX 
Observation Date immediately following such ST Valuation Date.] [the FX rate determined as set out in item 27 
in the Final Terms or item 27 of the Pricing Supplement][or if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the RI 
FX Level from such source, the RI FX Level will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the rate it determines 
would have prevailed but for such impracticability, by reference to any such source(s) and/or any information that 
the Calculation Agent deems relevant as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.] 
"RI FX Rate" means (i) the RI FX Level, (ii) the FX Value or (iii) the number, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms 
"RI FX Strike Level" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify rate][FX Closing Level][FX Maximum 
Level][FX Minimum Level][FX Average Level]. 
"RI Growing Average Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, the arithmetic 
average of [(a)][i)] the RI Closing Value for such Reference Item in respect of each Averaging Date[s] specified 
in relation to such ST Valuation Date on which the RI Closing Value is [equal to or][higher than] the RI Closing 
Value in respect of the immediately preceding Averaging Date or if none, the RI Initial Value, divided by [ii] the 
relevant RI Initial Value [multiplied by (b) the FX Value]. 
"RI Initial Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item, [specify price] [Initial Closing Price] [Initial Maximum 
Price] [Initial Minimum Price][Initial Average Price] [Barrier Initial Price] [Barrier Initial Maximum Price] 
[Barrier Initial Minimum Price] [Barrier Initial Average Price][Initial Relevant Level][Initial Price][Initial Level]. 
"RI Intraday Level" means: 
(i) 
if the relevant Reference Item is an Index, the Intraday Level; or 
(ii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Share or an ETF Share or a Fund Share, the Intraday Price; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Reference Item is a Subject Currency, the Intraday Price. 
"RI Intraday Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the RI Intraday 
Level for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant RI Initial Value 
[multiplied by (b) FX Value] [(expressed as a percentage)].. 
"RI Inverse Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the RI Initial Value 
divided by (ii) the [RI Closing Value][RI Average Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation 
Date [multiplied by (b) the FX Value] [(expressed as a percentage)].. 
"RI Restrike Value" means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date (a) the RI Closing Value for 
such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date divided by (b) the RI Closing Value for such Reference 
Item in respect of the immediately preceding ST Valuation Date or if none, the [Strike Date][Initial Calculation 
Date][RI Initial Value] [(expressed as a percentage)]..

--- Page 183 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
183 
 
 
"RI Value" [A][B] means, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Valuation Date, [(a)] (i) the [RI Closing 
Value][RI Average Value] for such Reference Item in respect of such ST Valuation Date, divided by (ii) the 
relevant RI Initial Value [multiplied by (b) the FX Value][(expressed as a percentage)]. 
"Value Difference" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, [the RI Value for Reference Item (k[=[specify]])] 
[Basket Value [A]] in respect of such ST Valuation Date minus [the RI Value for Reference Item 
(k[=[specify]])][Basket Value [B]] in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Intraday Value for the Reference 
Item(s) with the lowest or equal lowest RI Intraday Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such 
ST Valuation Date. 
"Worst Inverse Value" means, in respect of ST Valuation Date, the RI Inverse Value for the Reference Item(s) 
with the lowest or equal lowest RI Inverse Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date. 
"Worst Performance" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the Performance for the Reference Item(s) with 
the lowest or equal lowest Performance for any Reference Item [from (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] in the 
Basket in respect of such ST Valuation Date. 
"Worst Restrike Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Strike Value for the Reference Item(s) 
with the lowest or equal lowest RI Restrike Value for any Reference Item in the Basket in respect of such ST 
Valuation Date. 
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a ST Valuation Date, the RI Value for the Reference Item(s) with the lowest 
or equal lowest RI Value for any Reference Item [from (k[=[specify]]) to (k[=[specify]])] in the Basket in respect 
of such ST Valuation Date. 
5.3 
Dates and Periods 
Payments of interest and principal on the Securities may be associated with ST Valuation Dates and/or ST 
Valuation Periods, as the case may be, as specified in the Issue Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, several set of 
dates may be used for the determination and calculation of a particular payout. If, as a result of application of any 
provision of these Conditions, the date on which any determination in respect of a payment or redemption is due 
to be made (including, without limitation, any Valuation Date) is postponed (the "Postponed Date") and would 
consequently fall on or after such relevant payment or redemption date (including, without limitation any Interest 
Payment Date or Automatic Early Redemption Date), the date for such payment or redemption shall be postponed 
to first Business Day immediately succeeding the Postponed Date. No additional interest or other amount shall be 
payable in respect of any such delay. 
"Calculation Date" means [specify]. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" shall be the relevant date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of 'Valuation Date' or "Fund Valuation Date". 
"Coupon Valuation Period" shall be the relevant period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Final Calculation Date" means [specify]. 
"Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on but excluding the Maturity Date. 
"Initial Calculation Date" means [specify]. 
"Range Accrual Cut-Off Date" means [in respect of [each][a] [Reference Item [(k)][Basket] and] [in respect of 
any [Range Period] [specify other period] [the][each] date specified as such in the Issue Terms.] or, otherwise, 
the date falling [specify number] [calendar days] [Business Days] [Scheduled Trading Days (as defined in the 
[specify] Conditions] [specify other] before the [Range Period End Date] [specify other].

--- Page 184 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
184 
 
 
"Range Accrual Day" means [an Exchange Business Day][a Scheduled Trading Day][a Business Day][an Interest 
Determination Date][a calendar day][an Observation Day][specify]. 
"Range Period" means [specify period][each][the][Interest Period] [(and the final date of each such period, the 
"Range Period End Date")]. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" shall be the relevant date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, as may 
be adjusted in accordance with the definition of 'Valuation Date' or "Fund Valuation Date". 
"RI FX Observation Date" means, in respect of the RI FX level and a ST Valuation Date, the SER Valuation 
Date (as may be adjusted in accordance with the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions) immediately following 
such ST Valuation Date. 
"ST Coupon Valuation Date(s)" means each [Averaging Date][Coupon Valuation Date][Strike Date][Interest 
Determination Date][Interest Period End Date][Determination Date][Knock-in Determination Day][Knock-out 
Determination Day][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price Date][Valuation Date][Range Accrual Day] [and] 
[Range Period Cut-Off Date][Observation Date][Determination Date]. 
"ST Coupon Valuation Period" means [the period from and including [specify] to and [including][excluding][the 
immediately 
following] 
[specify]][each][the][Interest 
Period][Range 
Period][ 
Coupon 
Valuation 
Date][Observation Period][Coupon Valuation Period]. 
"ST Redemption Valuation Date" means each [Averaging Date][Settlement Level Date][Settlement Price 
Date][Determination Date][Calculation Date][Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][Knock-in 
Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Redemption Valuation Date][Final Calculation Date]. 
"ST Redemption Valuation Period" means the period from and including [specify] to and including [specify]. 
"ST Valuation Date" means each [of the] [Coupon Valuation Date][Strike Date] [Strike Day] [Redemption 
Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Redemption Valuation Date][Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date][Knock-in Determination Day][Knock-out Determination Day][Range Accrual Day][Settlement 
Level Date][Settlement Price Date][Scheduled Trading Day][Calculation Date][Initial Calculation Date][Final 
Calculation Date][Observation Date][Averaging Date][Determination Date] 
"ST Valuation Period" means each [ST Coupon Valuation Period][ST Redemption Valuation Period][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period][Knock-in 
Determination 
Period][Knock-out 
Determination 
Period][Observation Period]. 
"Target Determination Date" means [specify date(s)]. 
"Target Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on but excluding the Maturity Date. 
5.4 
Conditional Conditions 
If one or more conditions defined below are applicable for the determination and calculation of a payout 
formula(e), the definition shall be inserted, completed and adjusted in the Issue Terms in order to take into account 
any value definitions in Payout Condition 5.2, relevant Date(s) and or Periods, and/or other Variable Data. 
"Barrier Count Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon 
Valuation Period], the [Coupon Barrier Value][Redemption Barrier Value] [for] [each] [any] [Observation Date] 
[in respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon Valuation Period], as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than] [equal to or greater than] [less than or equal to] the [Coupon 
Barrier][Redemption Barrier] [and][or](repeat as necessary)]. 
"Basket Range Accrual Coupon Condition" will be deemed satisfied if: 
(a) 
Basket Closing Value [A] for the relevant Range Accrual Day in the applicable Range Period is [(i)] 
[[equal to or greater than][greater than] the relevant Lower Coupon Barrier [1] and (ii) ][ [less than or 
equal][less than] to the relevant Upper Coupon Barrier [1],] and [

--- Page 185 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
185 
 
 
(b) 
Basket Closing Value B for the relevant Range Accrual Day in the applicable Range Period is [(i)] [[equal 
to or greater than][greater than] the relevant Lower Coupon Barrier [2] and (ii) ][ [less than or equal][less 
than] to the relevant Upper Coupon Barrier [2]. and] [ 
(c) 
Basket Closing Value C for the relevant Range Accrual Day in the applicable Range Period is [(i)] [[equal 
to or greater than][greater than] the relevant Lower Coupon Barrier [3] and (ii) ][ [less than or equal][less 
than] to the relevant Upper Coupon Barrier [3]] 
(Delete, replicate and complete the above definition multiple times as necessary or set out relevant table) 
[In respect of [each][the] Basket and a Range Accrual Day (other than a Range Accrual Stub Day) which is not a 
[Business Day][Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day] for any Reference Item (k) in the Basket, the 
Basket Closing Value for such Basket on such day shall be the Basket Closing Value for such Basket on the 
immediately preceding [Business Day] [Scheduled Trading Day that was not a Disrupted Day] for all Reference 
Item (k) in the Basket. [The above provisions with regard to the consequences of a Disrupted Day or a day not 
being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over consequences provided for in any applicable Annex.]] 
[In respect of [each][the] Basket and the relevant Range Period, the Basket Closing Value in respect of such 
Basket for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual Cut-Off Date to (and excluding) the Range 
Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will be deemed to be the Basket Closing Value as of such 
Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
"Cappuccino Barrier Condition" means, in respect of [a] [the] [Reference Item] [and] a [ST Coupon Valuation 
Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], that the Coupon Barrier Value [for] [each] [any] [Observation Date] [in 
respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period], as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, is [greater than] [less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier. 
"Count Barrier Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of an Observation Date, the [Coupon][Redemption] 
Barrier Value] on such Observation Date in respect of the relevant [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST Coupon 
Valuation Period][ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater 
than][less 
than][equal 
to 
or 
greater 
than][less 
than 
or 
equal 
to] 
the [Coupon][Redemption][ 
Barrier][and][or](repeat as necessary). 
"Coupon Barrier Condition [1]" means, in respect of [a ST Coupon Valuation Date][a ST Valuation Coupon 
Period], that the Coupon Barrier Value [for [every][any] Reference Item in the Basket] [for] [each][any] 
[Observation Date] [in respect of][the relevant] [on such] [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Valuation Coupon 
Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or 
equal to] [the] Coupon Barrier [1][ but is [greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] 
Coupon Barrier [2]]. 
"Coupon Barrier Condition [2]" means, in respect of [a ST Valuation Coupon Date][a ST Coupon Valuation 
Period], that the Coupon Barrier Value [for [every][any] Reference Item in the Basket] [for] [each][any] 
[Observation Date] [in respect of][the relevant] [on such] [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation 
Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or 
equal to] Coupon Barrier [1] but is [greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] Coupon 
Barrier [2]. 
"Digital Coupon Condition [1]" means: 
(i) 
in respect of Reference Item [1], that the Coupon Barrier Value for [the] Reference Item [1] [for] [each] 
[any] [Observation Date] [in respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Coupon Valuation Date] [ST 
Coupon Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal 
to or greater than][less than or equal to], [the] Coupon Barrier 1 [and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal 
to or greater than][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier 2](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified)[; 
and 
(ii) 
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 [for] [each][any] 
[Observation Date][in respect of][the relevant] [on such] [ST Coupon Valuation Date][in the 
relevant][ST Coupon Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [1] [and (ii) [greater than][less

--- Page 186 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
186 
 
 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], Coupon Barrier [2]] (insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier 
[2] is specified)](insert (b) if Reference Item 2 is specified, (ii) may be duplicated in case more than two 
Reference Itrems are observed) 
"Digital Coupon Condition 2" means in respect of a [ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST Coupon Valuation Period]: 
(i) 
in respect of Reference Item [1], that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item [1] [for] [each][any] 
[Observation Date][in respect of][the relevant][on such] [ST Coupon Valuation Date][and][ST Coupon 
Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or 
greater than][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [3] [and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or 
greater than][less than or equal to] Coupon Barrier [4]](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [4] is specified)[; 
and 
(ii) 
in respect of Reference Item 2, that the Coupon Barrier Value for Reference Item 2 [for] 
[each][any][Observation Date][in respect of][the relevant] [on such][ST Coupon Valuation Date][ST 
Coupon Valuation Period] as determined by the Calculation Agent is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal 
to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier [3] [and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal 
to or greater than][less than or equal to], the Coupon Barrier [4]] (insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier [4] is 
specified) (insert (b) if Reference Item 2 is specified). 
"Final Redemption Condition" means, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation Period], that the Final Redemption Value [for [every][any] Reference Item in the Basket] [for] 
[each][any] [Observation Date][in respect of][the relevant][on such] [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST 
Redemption Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][equal to or 
greater than][less than or equal to] [the Final Redemption Condition Level][[1] [and][or](repeat as 
necessary)][Put Strike Percentage] [Knock-[in][out] Barrier]. 
"Final Redemption Condition [1]" means, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date][ST Redemption 
Valuation Period], that the Final Redemption Value [for [every][any] Reference Item in the Basket] [for] 
[each][any] [Observation Date][in respect of][the relevant][on such] [ST Redemption Valuation Dates] [ST 
Redemption Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or 
greater than][less than or equal to] [Final Redemption Condition Level] [1] [and][or](repeat as necessary)[Put 
Strike Percentage][Call Strike Percentage] [Knock-[in][out] Barrier]. 
"Final Redemption Condition [2]" means, in respect of a [ST Redemption Valuation Date] [ ST Redemption 
Valuation Period] that the Final Redemption Value [for [every][any] Reference Item in the Basket] [for] 
[each][any] [Observation Date] [in respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Redemption Valuation Date] [in the 
relevant [ST Redemption Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] [Final Redemption Condition Level ][1][Call Strike 
Percentage][, but is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] [Final Redemption 
Condition Level 2][Put Strike Percentage] [Knock-[in][out] Barrier].] 
"FX Condition [1]" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], that the FX Condition 
Value [for] [each][any] [Observation Date][in respect of][the relevant][on such] [ST Valuation Dates] [ST 
Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less 
than or equal to] [FX Level [1] [and][or](repeat as necessary). 
"FX Condition [2]" means, in respect of a [ST Valuation Date] [ST Valuation Period] that the FX Condition 
Value [for] [each][any] [Observation Date] [in respect of] [the relevant] [on such] [ST Valuation Date] [in the 
relevant [ST Valuation Period], as determined by the Calculation Agent is [greater than][less than][equal to or 
greater than][less than or equal to] [Final Redemption Condition Level ][1][, but is [greater than][less than][equal 
to or greater than][less than or equal to] [FX Condition Level [2]] 
"Ladder Condition [1][2]" means, in respect of an Observation Date, that the Observation Value on such 
Observation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater 
than][less than or equal to] the Observation Level[1][2]. 
"Multiplier Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of an Observation Date, the Multiplier Value on such 
Observation Date in respect of the relevant [ST Valuation Date][ST Valuation Period], as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, is [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the Multiplier Level.

--- Page 187 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
187 
 
 
"Podium Condition" shall be satisfied if, in respect of a Reference Item and a ST Coupon Valuation Date, the 
Coupon Value for such Reference Item on such ST Coupon Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, is [greater than][less than][greater than or equal to][less than or equal to] the Coupon Barrier. 
"Range Accrual Countdown Condition" [subject as provided below,] will be deemed satisfied if, in respect of 
each Range Accrual Day in [the][relevant] Range Period [(n)][from and including [specify] to [and including][but 
excluding] [[specify] for [each] Reference Item (k[=[specify]]), the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item 
in respect of each such Range Accrual Day is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][equal to or 
less than] the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [specify number][and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal 
to or greater than][equal to or less than] the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [specify number](insert (ii) 
if a Coupon Barrier [specify number] is specified) [as specified in the table below]. 
(Replicate and complete the above definition multiple times as necessary or set out relevant table) 
[Table] 
Specific Provisions for Range Accrual Countdown Condition: 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and] a Range Accrual Day [(other than a Range Accrual Stub Day)] which 
is not a [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day or is a Disrupted Day][specify] 
for such Reference Item [(k)], the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on such day shall be the 
Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on the immediately [preceding][following] [Business Day[for 
such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day that was not a Disrupted Day][specify]. [The above provisions 
with regard to the consequences of a Disrupted Day or a day not being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over 
consequences provided for in any applicable Annex.] 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and the relevant Range Period, the Coupon Barrier Value in respect of 
such Reference Item [(k)] for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual Cut-Off Date to (and 
excluding) the Range Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will be deemed to be the Coupon 
Barrier Value as of such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" [subject as provided below] will be deemed satisfied if: 
(i) 
in respect of [each][the] Reference Item (k=specify), that the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference 
Item for the relevant Range Accrual Day [in the applicable Range Period [(n)]] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the relevant Coupon Barrier 1 [and (ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the relevant Coupon Barrier 2](insert (ii) 
if a Coupon Barrier 2 is specified)[; and 
(ii) 
[in respect of Reference Item(k=n), that the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item for the 
relevant Range Accrual Day [in the applicable Range Period [(n)][from and including [specify] to [and 
including][but excluding][[specify] [for [each] Reference Item (k[=[specify]])] is [(i)] [greater than][less 
than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to] the relevant [Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [insert 
number] [and (ii) [greater than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the relevant 
[Upper][Lower] Coupon Barrier [insert number]](insert (ii) if a Coupon Barrier (insert number) is 
specified)) [as specified in the table below](insert this paragraph (ii) if Reference Item(k=n) is specified). 
(Set out relevant table) 
[Table] 
Specific Provisions for Range Accrual Coupon Condition: 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and] a Range Accrual Day [(other than a Range Accrual Stub Day)] 
[which is not a [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][[Scheduled Trading Day] or is a Disrupted 
Day][specify] for such Reference Item [(k)], the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on such day 
shall be the Coupon Barrier Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on the immediately preceding [Business Day [for 
such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day that was not a Disrupted Day][specify]. [The above provisions 
with regard to the consequences of a Disrupted Day or a day not being a Scheduled Trading Day will prevail over 
consequences provided for in any applicable Annex.]

--- Page 188 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
188 
 
 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and the relevant Range Period, the Coupon Barrier Value in respect of 
such Reference Item [(k)] for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual Cut-off Date to (but 
excluding) the Range Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will be deemed to be the Coupon 
Barrier Value as of such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
(Repeat any of the above paragraphs where relevant in relation to each Reference Item) 
"Range Accrual Final Redemption Condition" [subject as provided below] will be deemed satisfied if, in 
respect of [each][the] Reference Item (k=specify), that the Final Redemption Value for such Reference Item for 
the relevant Range Accrual Day in the applicable Range Period is [(i)] [greater than][less than][equal to or greater 
than][less than or equal to] the relevant Final Redemption Condition Level [specify number] [and (ii) [greater 
than][less than][equal to or greater than][less than or equal to], the relevant Final Redemption Condition Level 
[specify number]](insert (ii) if an additional Final Redemption Condition Level is specified) [as specified in the 
table below]. 
(Replicate and complete the above definition multiple times as necessary or set out relevant table) 
[Table] 
Specific Provisions for Range Accrual Final Redemption Coupon Condition: 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and] a Range Accrual Day [(other than a Range Accrual Stub Day)] 
[which is not a [Business Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][[Scheduled Trading Day] or is a Disrupted 
Day][specify] for such Reference Item [(k)], the Final Redemption Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on such 
day shall be the Final Redemption Value for such Reference Item [(k)] on the immediately preceding [Business 
Day [for such Reference Item [(k)]]][Scheduled Trading Day that was not a Disrupted Day][specify]. [The above 
provisions with regard to the consequences of a Disrupted Day or a day not being a Scheduled Trading Day will 
prevail over consequences provided for in any applicable Annex.] 
[In respect of [each] Reference Item (k) and the relevant Range Period, the Final Redemption Value in respect of 
such Reference Item [(k)] for each Range Accrual Day after the relevant Range Accrual Cut-off Date to (but 
excluding) the Range Period End Date (each a "Range Accrual Stub Day") will be deemed to be the Final 
Redemption Value as of such Range Accrual Cut-off Date.] 
5.5 
Enumeration Convention 
Without prejudice to any other provision of these Payout Conditions and as a general rule the following suffixes 
in relation to the payout terms will be used. Other suffix terms may be selected and may be included in the Issue 
Terms with other definitions or provisions from the Payout Conditions: 
"i" [from i = [specify] to i = [specify]] or "m" [from m = [specify] to m = [specify]] in relation to the relevant ST 
Valuation Date or ST Valuation Period. 
"j" [from j = [specify] to j = [specify] means the relevant Strike Date. 
"k" [from k = [specify] to k = [specify]] means the relevant Reference Item. 
"q" [from q = [specify] to q = [specify] or "t" [from t = [specify] to t = [specify] means the relevant Observation 
Date or ST Valuation Date. 
Any of these suffixes will be inserted, completed and explained, if necessary, in the Issue Terms and may be 
tabulated, especially where two or more suffixes apply. 
6. 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
If Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then notwithstanding the 
Securities are denominated in, and calculations made in respect of, the Specified Currency (the "SER Subject 
Currency"), as shall be specified in the Issue Terms either, (i) all payments or (ii) only those payments to which

--- Page 189 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
189 
 
 
the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified to apply, in respect of the Securities shall be made in the 
Settlement Currency (the "Settlement Currency" or the "SER Base Currency"). 
Unless SER – Intermediate Currency Requirements are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the amount to be paid in the SER Base Currency by applying the Settlement Exchange Rate 
to the amount that would have been payable in the SER Subject Currency were it not for the provisions of this 
Payout Condition 6. 
If SER Intermediate Currency Requirements are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the amount to be paid in the SER Base Currency by (i) applying the Settlement Exchange Rate to 
the amount that would have been payable in the SER Subject Currency were it not for the provisions of this Payout 
Condition 6 to produce an amount denominated in the SER Intermediate Currency, and then (ii) applying the 
Second Settlement Exchange Rate to such amount denominated in the SER Intermediate Currency. 
Any such payment shall be made on the date such payment would have otherwise been due provided that, if 
paragraph (b) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, such payment may be deferred in 
accordance with Payout Condition 6.1(e) below if the SER Valuation Date is postponed as set out herein. No 
additional interest or other amount shall be payable in respect of any such delay. 
6.1 
SER Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Payout Condition 6.1 apply only in respect of the SER Subject Currency, where Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and paragraph (b) and/or (c) of the 
definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies. 
(a) 
SER Disruption Events 
The occurrence of any of the following events shall be a "SER Disruption Event": 
Where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/PEN, USD/CLP or USD/COP, unless 
otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the occurrence of a Price Source Disruption, or any other event that, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous thereto and/or, where so specified in the Issue Terms, the 
occurrence of any of the events set out in paragraphs (ii) to (viii) below or any other event that in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent is analogous thereto. Where the Settlement Exchange Rate is speified in the Issue Terms as 
UDI/MXN, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the occurrence of an Index Event.  
In respect of any other Settlement Exchange Rate, if so specified in the Issue Terms, the occurrence of any of the 
following events: 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation; 
(viii) 
Price Materiality; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of paragraphs (i) to (viii) above,.

--- Page 190 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
190 
 
 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 of the occurrence of a SER Disrupted Day on any day that but for the occurrence of the SER 
Disrupted Day would have been a SER Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Consequences of a SER Disruption Event 
Upon a SER Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on 
which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant SER Price Source) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining the consequences of the 
SER Disruption Event: (a) Calculation Agent Determination where the applicable SER Disruption Event is other 
than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the applicable SER Disruption Fallback where the 
applicable SER Disruption Event is a Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality. 
(c) 
SER Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a SER Valuation Date is a SER 
Unscheduled Holiday in respect of the SER Subject Currency then such date shall be the immediately succeeding 
SER Scheduled Trading Day after the occurrence of the SER Unscheduled Holiday, subject as provided above, 
and Provided That if such SER Valuation Date has not occurred on or before the SER Maximum Days of 
Postponement then the next SER Scheduled Trading Day after such period that would have been a SER Scheduled 
Trading Day but for the SER Unscheduled Holiday shall be deemed to be the relevant date for valuation and the 
Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on such day in its sole discretion acting 
in good faith having taken into account relevant market practice and by reference to such additional source(s) as 
it deems appropriate. 
(d) 
SER Cumulative Events 
If "SER Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then, in no event shall the total number 
of consecutive calendar days during which any SER Valuation Date is postponed as a consequence of the 
provisions of this Payout Condition 6.1, due to either (i) a SER Unscheduled Holiday or (ii) a SER Valuation 
Postponement (or a combination of both (i) and (ii)) exceed the SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement 
in the aggregate. If a SER Valuation Date is postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the SER Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement and at the end of such period (i) a SER Unscheduled Holiday shall have 
occurred or be continuing on the day immediately following such period (the "Final Day"), then such Final Day 
shall be deemed to be the relevant SER Valuation Date and (ii) if a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred 
or be continuing on the Final Day, then Valuation Postponement shall not apply and the Settlement Exchange 
Rate shall be determined in accordance with the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback. Unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms, SER Cumulative Events will be deemed to be specified as applicable for the purposes 
of this paragraph (d) if the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as either USD/PEN, 
USD/CLP or USD/COP. 
(e) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any SER Valuation Date is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Payout Condition 6.1, 
then the corresponding date for payment or delivery of any assets shall fall on the later of (a) the date for such 
payment or delivery otherwise determined in accordance with the Issue Terms and (b) (i) where the Settlement 
Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/PEN, USD/CLP or USD/COP, the day falling two SER 
Number of Postponement Settlement Days after the SER Valuation Date, unless otherwise specified in the Issue 
Terms, and (ii) in the case of any other Settlement Exchange Rate, the day falling the SER Number of 
Postponement Settlement Days specified in the Issue Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after 
the SER Valuation Date. 
6.2 
Consequences of a SER Additional Disruption Event 
Other than where paragraph (a) of the definition of "Settlement Exchange Rate" below applies, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that a SER Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may redeem the Securities by 
giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If the Securities are so redeemed the 
Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Security held by him which amount shall be 
the fair market value of a Security, taking into account the SER Additional Disruption Event, less the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements all as determined by the

--- Page 191 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
191 
 
 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
6.3 
Definitions 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the the Issue Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (A) due to the 
adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the 
Securities or it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the 
Securities. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that the SER Subject Currency splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"EMTA" means EMTA, Inc., the trade association for the Emerging Markets. 
"Exchange Rate Divergence" means: 
(i) 
if the Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the Issue Terms is USD/ARS, that, in the reasonable opinion 
of not less than 5 unaffiliated EMTA Members notified to EMTA (or its successor) by no later than 4 
p.m., Buenos Aires time on the SER Valuation Date, the SER Price Source has failed, for a period of not 
less than three consecutive SER Scheduled Trading Days (for any reason, including due to a split in the 
currency exchange rate or other event) to reflect the current prevailing Argentine Peso bid and offer rates 
for a standard size Argentine Peso/U.S. Dollar financial transaction for same-day settlement in the 
Buenos Aires marketplace on the SER Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
if the Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the Issue Terms is USD/BRL, that, in the reasonable and 
independent judgement, as notified to EMTA in accordance with the EMTA BRL Exchange Rate 
Divergence Procedures, of not less than 7 unaffiliated EMTA members that are recognised market 
makers active in the BRL/U.S. Dollar foreign exchange market (no less than 4 of which shall be active 
participants in the onshore BRL/USD spot market), the SER Price Source (following a split of the 
exchange rates in Brazil or otherwise) no longer reflects the then-prevailing Brazilian Reais / U.S. Dollar 
spot rate for standard-size wholesale financial transactions involving the exchange of Brazilian Reais for 
U.S. Dollars delivered outside of Brazil, and 
(iii) 
if the Settlement Exchange Rate specified in the Issue Terms is a rate other than USD/ARS or USD/BRL 
but, it is specified in the relevant EMTA Template Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Issue Date and in respect of such Settlement Exchange Rate, that Price Source Disruption shall 
include Exchange Rate Divergence, then Exchange Rate Divergence shall have the meaning given in the 
relevant EMTA Template Terms with respect to such Settlement Exchange Rate. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to convert a 
SER Subject Currency into the SER Base Currency or a SER Subject Currency into the SER Intermediate 
Currency in a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction through customary legal channels. 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to deliver 
(A) the SER Base Currency from accounts inside a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside a SER 
Subject Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the SER Subject Currency between accounts inside a SER Subject Currency 
Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of a SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or (ii) any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank), in each 
case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing

--- Page 192 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
192 
 
 
its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of the SER Subject Currency whereby it 
becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed 
necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations under the Securities (in one or more transaction(s)) 
on the relevant SER Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such SER Valuation Date would, 
in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant SER Price Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Securities, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Index Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: (a) The UDI/MXN rate is not 
calculated and/or announced in a timely manner by the Central Bank of the United Mexican States (Banco de 
México) (“Central Bank”), (b) UDI is replaced by a successor unit of value; (c) The Central Bank makes a material 
change in the method for calculating the UDI/MXN Rate, The Central Bank in any way materially modifies or 
restates the UDI/MXN Rate, The UDI/MXN Rate is no longer published and has not been replaced by a successor 
unit of value; (f) The United Mexican States or any of its agencies, instrumentalities or entities (including without 
limitation the Central Bank) by means of any law, regulation, ruling, directive or interpretation, whether or not 
having the force of law, takes any action which legally or de facto prevents or has the effect of restricting or 
limiting the calculation or announcement of UDI/MXN Rate or any of the value used to determine the UDI/MXN 
Rate, (g) Mexico continues to publish UDI but applies an alternate index to a substantial portion of its debt and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of paragraphs (a) to (g) 
"Initial Settlement Exchange Rate" or "Initial SER" means the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Second Settlement Exchange Rate" means the rate published on the price source (or successor to such source) 
at the observation time, both specified as such in the Issue Terms, for the exchange of the SER Settlement 
Currency per one unit of the SER Intermediate Currency, however, (i) if it is not reasonably practicable to 
determine such rate at such time due to a SER Disruption Event or such other delay or postponement in converting 
the SER Base Currency into the SER Intermediate Currency, the Calculation Agent shall, subject to the 
consequence of such event, observe such rate as soon as practicable once the conversion into the SER Intermediate 
Currency has taken place, or (ii) if it is not reasonably practicable to determine the Second Settlement Exchange 
Rate from such source, the Second Settlement Exchange Rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent as the 
rate it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it deems 
appropriate for the exchange of the SER Intermediate Currency per one unit of the SER Base Currency at or about 
the time and by reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate. 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events specified as 
SER Disruption Events) in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction beyond the control of the parties to a hedging 
arrangement in respect of the Securities which makes it impossible (A) for a party to fulfil its obligations under 
the hedging arrangement or (B) generally to fulfil obligations similar to such party's obligations under that hedging 
arrangement. 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by any 
Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Securities of all or 
substantially all of its assets in the SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the SER Primary Rate differs from 
any SER Secondary Rate by at least the SER Price Materiality Percentage or if there are insufficient responses on 
the relevant SER Valuation Date to any survey used to calculate any such rate, then the SER Price Materiality 
Percentage will be deemed to be met.

--- Page 193 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
193 
 
 
"Price Source Disruption" means in respect of any date on which a calculation is due to be made in accordance 
with these Settlement Exchange Rate provisions, that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which 
the Settlement Exchange Rate is calculated and, where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue 
Terms as: 
(i) 
USD/ARS; 
(ii) 
USD/BRL; or 
(iii) 
any other Settlement Exchange Rate in respect of which the Calculation Agent determines that, as of the 
Issue Date, the relevant EMTA Template Terms for such rate (if any) specifies that Price Source 
Disruption includes Exchange Rate Divergence, 
then Price Source Disruption shall include Exchange Rate Divergence. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Issue Terms or any successor to such 
page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
"Settlement Currency" or "SER Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Settlement Exchange Rate" means (a) the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms, (b) if no such rate is 
specified and, subject as referred to in Payout Condition 6.1 above, the rate of exchange appearing on the SER 
Price Source at the SER Valuation Time on the relevant SER Valuation Date for the exchange of the SER Subject 
Currency per one unit of the SER Base Currency for settlement on the SER Number of Settlement Days; or (c) if 
SER Intermediate Currency Requirements are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and no rate is specified 
as the Settlement Exchange Rate in the Issue Terms, the rate of exchange appearing on the SER Price Source at 
the SER Valuation Time on the relevant SER Valuation Date for the exchange of the SER Subject Currency per 
one unit of the SER Intermediate Currency for settlement on the SER Number of Settlement Days. 
"SER Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified as Not applicable in the Issue Terms) Change 
in Law, or (ii) Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the Issue Terms. 
"SER Disrupted Day" means any SER Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that 
a SER Disruption Event has occurred. 
"SER Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for determining 
the Settlement Exchange Rate, when a SER Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a SER Valuation 
Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by the SER Price Source) being, 
(i) 
where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/PEN, USD/CLP or 
USD/COP in the following order: Valuation Postponement and Calculation Agent Determination (unless 
otherwise specified in the Issue Terms); and 
(ii) 
in the case of any other Settlement Exchange Rate, any of Calculation Agent Determination, First 
Fallback Reference Price, Second Fallback Reference Price and Valuation Postponement, as so specified 
in the Issue Terms for such SER Subject Currency. 
Where more than one SER Disruption Fallback is so specified then such SER Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in 
the order in which they are specified either in paragraph (i) or (ii) above or in the Issue Terms until the Settlement 
Exchange Rate can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that SER Settlement Currency, for such SER 
Valuation Date. 
Where: 
"Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Exchange 
Rate, taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. If the Calculation Agent determines that it 
is not possible to determine the Settlement Exchange Rate, the Issuer may early redeem all but not some only of 
the Securities pursuant to General Condition 6(f).

--- Page 194 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
194 
 
 
"First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Exchange 
Rate, by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for which purpose, references in the 
definition of Settlement Exchange Rate, to "SER Price Source", "SER Valuation Time" and "SER Number of 
Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be to "SER First Fallback Price Source", "SER First Fallback 
Valuation Time" and "SER First Fallback Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have 
the meanings given to them in the Issue Terms). 
"Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Exchange 
Rate by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, for which purpose, references in the 
definition of Settlement Exchange Rate to "SER Price Source", "SER Valuation Time" and "SER Number of 
Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be to "SER Second Fallback Price Source", "SER Second 
Fallback Valuation Time" and "SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where such 
terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Issue Terms). 
"SER Intermediate Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"SER Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means (i) where the SER Subject Currency is PEN, CLP 
or COP, 30 calendar days, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, and (ii) for any other SER Subject 
Currency, the number of days specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar 
days. 
"SER Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if 
no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"SER Number of Postponement Settlement Days" means SER Settlement Days unless otherwise specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"SER Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a SER Subject Currency, the number of days on which 
commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in the SER Settlement Day Centre(s) (each, a "SER Settlement Day"). Where no such number or zero is 
so specified, then such rate shall be for settlement on the same day, provided that (i) where the Subject Currency 
is CLP, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the SER Number of Settlement Days shall be deemed to be 
1 and (ii) where the Subject Currency is PEN or COP, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the SER 
Number of Settlement Days shall be deemed to be zero. 
"SER Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if no such 
percentage is specified, 3 per cent. 
"SER Price Source" means: 
(a) 
where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/PEN, unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms, in respect of a SER Valuation Date the "PEN INTERBANK AVE (PEN05) 
Rate" being the PEN/USD average exchange rate in the interbank market, expressed as the amount of 
PEN per one USD for settlement on the same day, reported by the Banco Central de Perú 
(https://www.bcrp.gob.pe/) (or any successor or replacement to such page) as the "Tipo de Cambio 
Interbancario Promedio" at approximately 2.00 p.m. Lima Time (the "SER Valuation Time") on that 
SER Valuation Date; 
(b) 
where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/CLP, unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms, in respect of a SER Valuation Date the "CLP DÓLAR OBS (CLP 10)" rate 
being the USD/CLP exchange rate, expressed as the amount of CLP per one USD, for settlement in one 
SER Scheduled Trading Day reported by the Banco Central de Chile (http://www.bcentral.cl/) (or any 
successor or replacement to such page) as the "Dólar Observado" rate by no later than 10.30 a.m. Santiago 
time (the "SER Valuation Time"), on the first SER Scheduled Trading Day following that SER 
Valuation Date (or any successor or replacement to such page); 
(c) 
where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/COP, unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms, in respect of a SER Valuation Date the "COP TRM (COP02) Rate" being 
the USD/COP exchange rate for such day, expressed as the amount of COP per one USD, for settlement

--- Page 195 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
195 
 
 
on the same day reported by the Colombian Financial Superintendency as published on its website 
(https://www.banrep.gov.co/es) (or any successor or replacement to such page) as the "Tasa 
Representativa del Mercado (TRM)" (also referred to as the "Tasa de Cambio Representativa del 
Mercado" (TCRM)) by no later than 10.30 a.m. Bogotá time (the "SER Valuation Time") on the first 
SER Scheduled Trading Day following such SER Valuation Date; or 
(d) 
for any other Settlement Exchange Rate, such other price source(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, 
or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"SER Primary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"SER Secondary Rate" means the rate specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"SER Settlement Day Centres" means (i) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms 
as USD/PEN, USD/COP or USD/CLP, New York (unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms) and (ii) for any 
other Settlement Exchange Rate, each SER Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"SER Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of 
a SER Disruption Event would have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in 
accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market) in the or each SER Scheduled Trading Day 
City specified in the Issue Terms provided that where the SER Subject Currency is BRL, then notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if the relevant SER Valuation Date falls on a date that, as at the Issue Date, is not a scheduled day 
on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a Disruption Event would have been open) for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in New York City (an "NYC Business Day") then no adjustment to such date shall be made on account 
of the fact that such date is not an NYC Business Day. 
"SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities" means (i) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the 
Issue Terms as USD/PEN, the SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities shall be, unless otherwise specified in the 
Issue Terms, New York City and Lima, (ii) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms 
as USD/CLP, the SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities shall be, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, 
in New York City and Santiago; (iii) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as 
USD/COP, the SER Scheduled Trading Day City/Cities shall be, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, 
New York City and Bogotá; and (iv) in other cases the city or cities specified in the Issue Terms. 
"SER Subject Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"SER Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the SER Subject Currency is the lawful 
currency or each country for which the SER Intermediate Currency is the lawful currency, as the case may be. 
"SER Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a SER Scheduled Trading Day and the market was not 
aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) 
until a time later than 9:00a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the SER Subject Currency, two SER 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to the relevant scheduled SER Valuation Date. 
"SER Valuation Date" means any date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a SER Scheduled 
Trading Day, the immediately preceding SER Scheduled Trading Day and, in the event of a SER Unscheduled 
Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Payout Condition 6.1(c) above, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, the resultant day is a SER Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Payout Condition 6.1(b) shall 
apply. Where the amount so due is the Early Redemption Amount, then the SER Valuation Date shall be deemed 
to be the fifth SER Scheduled Trading Day prior to the date of early redemption of the Securities. 
"SER Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, (i) where the Settlement Exchange 
Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/PEN, approximately 2.00 p.m. Lima Time on the SER Valuation 
Date, (ii) where the Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/CLP, no later than 10.30 
a.m. Santiago time on the first SER Scheduled Trading Day following the SER Valuation Date, (iii) where the 
Settlement Exchange Rate is specified in the Issue Terms as USD/COP, no later than 10.30 a.m. Bogotá time on 
the first SER Scheduled Trading Day following the SER Valuation Date, or (iv) the time at which the SER Price 
Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Exchange Rate is calculated.

--- Page 196 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
196 
 
 
"Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Exchange Rate, shall be determined on the immediately 
succeeding SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not a SER Disrupted Day unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that no such SER Scheduled Trading Day which is not a SER Disrupted Day has occurred on or before 
the day falling the SER Maximum Days of Postponement following the originally designated SER Valuation 
Date, as the case may be. In such event, the Settlement Exchange Rate shall be determined on the next SER 
Scheduled Trading Day after the SER Maximum Days of Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that day may 
be a SER Disrupted Day) in accordance with the next applicable SER Disruption Fallback. 
7. 
UVR Inflation-Adjusted Securities 
If UVR Inflation-Adjusted Securities Provisions are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Amounts denominated in Colombian Peso (including any Aggregate Nominal Amount or Nominal Amount (as 
the case may be), Calculation Amount or Specified Denomination) will be adjusted by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the UVR Index on the Specified Number of COP/UVR Business Days prior to the date of scheduled 
payment of any amounts due ("The Colombian Peso UVR Adjusted Amount") 
(b) 
Definitions: 
"COP/UVR Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange market in Bogota and New York City). 
"IPC" means, with respect to any period, the Colombian Consumer Price Index (Índice de Precios al Consumidor) 
that is published monthly and certified by the National Administrative Department of Statistics (Departamento 
Administrativo Nacional de Estadistica) or by any other authority succeeding to its functions and capacities from 
time to time. 
"Specified Number of COP/UVR Business Days" shall be as set out in the Issue Terms. 
"UVR" means Unidad de Valor Real or Unidad de Valor Constante, which, as set out in Article 3 of Law 546 of 
1999 of Colombia, is the unit of adjustment to the COP based on the variation of the IPC and expressed as the 
amount of COP per unit of UVR as published and outstanding at the relevant time on the website of the Colombian 
Central Bank: (Banco de la República de Colombia): https://www.banrep.gov.co/es/estadisticas/unidad-valor-
real-uvr under the heading "Unidad de valor real (UVR)", calculated by the Colombian Central Bank in 
accordance with Resolución Externa No. 13 de 2000. 
If the UVR is wholly replaced or substituted entirely for another unit by the Colombian Central Bank, references 
to UVR will be to the unit replacing or substituting the UVR to the extent that (a) such unit is determined by the 
Colombian Central Bank, (b) such unit is applicable to commercial transactions and (c) such unit is published on 
the web site of the Colombian Central Bank or another official publication in Colombia in respect of any given 
date. In the event (i) UVR is no longer published by or available from the Colombian Central Bank, or (ii) UVR 
is wholly replaced or substituted entirely for another unit that is not determined by the Colombian Central Bank 
or (iii) UVR for a determination date is not available on the applicable determination date (such events in (i), (ii) 
and (iii), a "UVR Event"), UVR will be determined by the Calculation Agent (in its sole discretion) and the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities are redeemed early at the Early Redemption Amount. If the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Securities are to be redeemed early, the Issuer having given not less than 
10 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), shall, on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities, each Security 
being redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount referred to in General Condition 6(f). Interest will cease to accrue 
and no further interest will be payable from the Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Issue Date) immediately 
preceding such UVR Event. 
"UVR Inflation-Adjusted Securities" means Securities denominated in Colombian Pesos which is adjusted by 
reference to UVR Index and in respect of which payment will be made in the Settlement Currency. 
"UVR Index" means in respect of a COP/UVR Business Day, the result of (a) the UVR on such day divided by 
(b) the Initial UVR, provided that if "Floored UVR Index" is specified in the Issue Terms as applicable and if 
the result of such calculation is less than one, the UVR Index shall be one for the purpose of determining the Final 
Redemption Amount only or determining all payments as specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 197 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
 
 
 
 
197 
 
 
"Initial UVR" means the UVR specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 198 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
198 
 
 
ANNEX 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Index Linked Securities shall comprise 
the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Index Linked Securities set out below (the "Index 
Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as applicable 
in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General 
Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions, the Index Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the Index Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
would have been a Settlement Level Date. 
2. 
Adjustments to an Index 
(a) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and announced by a 
successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a 
successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula 
for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor 
Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (i) on or prior to the last Settlement Level Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will 
make a material change in the formula for, or the method of, calculating a relevant Index or in any other way 
materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that 
Index in the event of changes in constituent component(s) and capitalisation, contracts or commodities and other 
routine events) (an "Index Modification"), or permanently cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists 
(an "Index Cancellation"), or (ii) on a Settlement Level Date, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor 
Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index (an "Index Disruption" and, together with an 
Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an "Index Adjustment Event"), then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the 
Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Settlement Level using, in lieu of a published level for 
that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time on that Settlement Level Date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in 
effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those components that comprised that 
Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment has been proposed by the Related Exchange 
or Related Pricing Source, as applicable, and that no other action will produce a commercially reasonable 
result, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion may, on giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13: 
(A) 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the fair market value of a Security, taking into account the Index Adjustment 
Event (the "Calculated Index Adjustment Amount") less the cost to the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Modified 
Calculated Index Adjustment Amount"), all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the relevant 
Index Adjustment Event (the "Calculated Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date"); 
or

--- Page 199 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
199 
 
 
(B) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount on the 
Calculated Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date, and redeem each Security on the 
scheduled Maturity Date by payment of the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount. For 
avoidance of any doubt, the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount shall not accrue any interest 
from the date of its calculation to the Maturity Date. 
In relation to paragraphs (A) and (B) above, notwithstanding General Condition 4(h), each Security shall 
cease to bear interest from and including the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date 
and no interest amounts scheduled for payment thereafter (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
including any Specified Interest Amounts) shall be payable. 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, in the case of a Single-Exchange or Multi-Exchange 
Index, if there are any options or future contracts of the Index traded on the Related Exchange, the 
Calculation Agent may in its sole and absolute discretion, upon the occurrence of an Index Adjustment 
Event, make the corresponding adjustments made on any Related Exchange (an "Exchange Based 
Adjustment"). 
(c) 
Notice 
Upon the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, other than 
in the case of an Exchange Based Adjustment notify the Issuer of any determination made by it pursuant to 
paragraph (b) above and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13 stating the occurrence of the Index Adjustment Event, giving details thereof and the 
action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice 
will not affect the validity of the Index Adjustment Event or the proposed action. 
3. 
Correction of Index 
If the relevant level of the Index published on a given day which is used or to be used by the Calculation Agent 
to make any determination under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the 
relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant Successor Index Sponsor within the Index Correction Period, 
the level to be used shall be the level of the Index as so corrected; provided that any corrections published after 
the day which is three Exchange Business Days or Index Business Days, as applicable, prior to a due date for 
payment under the Securities calculated by reference to the level of the Index will be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
4. 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action 
described in paragraph (i), (ii) or (if applicable) (iii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate adjustment, 
if any, to be made to the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Index 
Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and determine 
the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If 
the Securities are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Security, taking into account the 
Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Additional Adjustment Amount"), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13; or 
(iii) 
require the Calculation Agent to calculate the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event (the "Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Security at an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount 
plus interest accrued on the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount on a daily basis from and including 
the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date,

--- Page 200 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
200 
 
 
each such daily accrual rate being at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost on or about the relevant day or 
(y) if greater, at its nominal amount. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment 
in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as practicable and 
the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 
stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity 
of the Additional Disruption Event or the proposed action. 
5. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
This Index Linked Condition 5 is applicable only if: 
(a) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
Securities which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence 
of such Knock-in Event; or 
(b) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
relevant Securities which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then unless previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Securities will be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable, 
and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
7. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms) Change in Law (ii) 
(unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms) in the case of an Index other than a Single-Exchange Index or 
Multi-Exchange Index, Hedging Disruption (iii) in the case of a Single-Exchange Index or Multi-Exchange Index, 
Hedging Disruption, if specified in the Issue Terms or (iv) Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of 
Component Borrow and/or Loss of Component Borrow if specified in the Issue Terms or (v) if no such event is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Change in Law. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
respect of each nominal amount of Securities equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms or if such date is not 
a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Securityholder shall be entitled to any interest or further 
payment in respect of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A), 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or

--- Page 201 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
201 
 
 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger paragraph (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the 
Automatic Early Redemption Range, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked 
Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified 
as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked Condition. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms as may 
be adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below (such date may also be referred to as a 
"Observation Date"). 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the Issue Terms (such 
period may also be referred to as an "Observation Period"). 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
(such time may also be referred to as "Observation Time"). 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1 
(General Definitions). 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Issue Terms or, if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
if "Omission" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed not to be an 
Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount, as applicable 
provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Dates would occur, then the 
Averaging Date will not be omitted and the provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply 
for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such 
Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then the provisions of the definition of 
Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on that 
Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to 
such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be 
an Averaging Date; or 
(iii) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms then: 
(A) 
where the Securities are Index Linked Securities relating to a single Index, the Averaging Date 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined in paragraph (C) below). If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the 
relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is 
already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, 
price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of 
Valuation Date below; 
(B) 
where the Securities are Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Indices: 
(1) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset 
Basis) applies the Averaging Date for each Index shall be the first succeeding Valid

--- Page 202 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
202 
 
 
Date in relation to every Index forming part of the Basket of Indices. If the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to every Index forming part of the Basket of Indices 
has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, 
but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled 
Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of every Index forming part of 
the Basket of Indices, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, 
price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with paragraph (ii) of the 
definition of Valuation Date below; and 
(2) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) applies the Averaging Date for each Index 
not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally scheduled 
Averaging Date, and the Averaging Date for each Index affected by the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Item") shall be the first succeeding Valid Date 
relating to the Affected Item unless a Valid Date in respect of the Affected Item has 
not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, 
but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the relevant Averaging Date relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date for the 
Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is already an Averaging Date 
with respect to the Affected Item, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with paragraph 
(ii) of the definition of Valuation Date below; 
(C) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to 
occur. 
"Basket of Indices" means a basket composed of each Index specified in the Issue Terms subject to the 
Weightings. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (i) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and 
absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions 
relating to an Index and/or (B) the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in 
relation to the Index Linked Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease 
in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the 
relevant components. 
"Clearance System Business Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event results in the Clearance System being unable to clear the transfer 
of a relevant component would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Component" means, in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index, each component of such Index. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance 
with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Coupon Valuation Period" means the period specified as a Coupon Valuation Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means any day which is:

--- Page 203 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
203 
 
 
(i) 
 
(A) 
in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (x) the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; (y) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during its regular trading session; or (z) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(B) 
in the case of any Single-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (x) the relevant 
Exchange and/or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during their regular trading 
session or (y) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(C) 
in the case of any Index that is not a Multi-Exchange Index or a Single-Exchange Index, (x) the 
Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; (y) the Price Source and/or the Related 
Pricing Source is not available; or (z) a Hedging Disruption has occurred; or 
(ii) 
Where either Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) or Index Business Day (Cross Asset Basis), 
as applicable and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis) are specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms for (i) Index Linked Securities, (ii) Equity Linked Securities and/or (iii) ETF Linked Securities, a 
Disrupted Day occurs under and as defined in these Index Linked Conditions, the Equity Linked 
Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Early Closure" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in 
respect of any Component or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or 
Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline 
for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; and 
(ii) 
in the case of any Single-Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of any relevant 
Exchange(s) relating to components that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Index or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing 
time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, in respect of each Component, the exchange or principal trading 
market on which such Component is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in the case of any Single-Exchange Index, each exchange, quotation system or principal trading market 
specified as such for such Index in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the components comprising such 
Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the components comprising such Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means in the case of a Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange Index(i) in the 
case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of Indices or 
other assets, either (a) Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) 
or (c) Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the Issue Terms, provided that if 
no such specification is made in the Issue Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in respect of all 
Single-Exchange Indices, each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and (ii) in respect of all Multi-Exchange Indices, (a) the relevant Index Sponsor(s) publishes the

--- Page 204 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
204 
 
 
level of such Multi-Exchange Indices and (b) each Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading 
session, notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which (i) in respect of all Single-Exchange Indices, each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open 
for trading during their regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) in respect of all Multi-Exchange Indices, (a) the relevant Index 
Sponsor(s) publishes the level of such Multi-Exchange Indices and (b) each Related Exchange is open for trading 
during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and which, in each case, is also an Exchange Business Day under and as defined in the Equity 
Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)" means in respect of any Index: 
(i) 
in respect of a Single-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and 
Related Exchange is open for trading during its respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding 
any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor 
publishes the level of such Multi-Exchange Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is open for trading 
during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) in respect of a 
Single-Exchange Index, the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for trading during their regular trading 
session, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
and (ii) in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index (a) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Multi-Exchange 
Index and (b) the Related Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding such 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, (A) any Component on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component; or (B) in futures or options contracts relating to such Index on the Related Exchange; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Single-Exchange Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for on any relevant Exchange(s) components that comprise 20 
per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or component(s) it deems necessary to hedge the component(s) price risk or other relevant 
price risks including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Securities, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s) or component(s). 
"Hedging Components" means the number or amount of components comprised in an Index that the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates deems necessary to hedge the component(s) price risk or other relevant price risks of entering 
into and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) (a) to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or component(s) it deems necessary to hedge the component(s) price risk or other relevant 
price risks (including, without limitation, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) to realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or

--- Page 205 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
205 
 
 
transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or component(s) relating to any hedge positions in the 
relevant Index, provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration 
of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Component Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to 
borrow any component(s) comprised in an Index that is greater than the Initial Component Loan Rate as 
applicable. 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked Conditions, the index 
or indices specified in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. If any Index is not 
a Single-Exchange or Multi-Exchange Index as determined by the Calculation Agent it will be specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Index Business Day" means in the case of an Index other than a Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange 
either (i) in the case of a single Index, Index Business Day (Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of 
Indices or other assets, (a) Index Business Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) Index Business Day (Per Index Basis) or 
(c) Index Business Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the Issue Terms, provided that if no such 
specification is made in the Issue Terms, Index Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Index Business Day (All Indices Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which in respect of all Indices 
other than Single-Exchange Indices or Multi-Exchange Indices, (i) the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level 
of such Index (ii) each Pricing Source and Related Pricing Source (if any) are available, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and (iii) that is an Index Trading Day in respect of the relevant Index. 
"Index Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of component and/or assets, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which, in respect of all Indices other than Single-Exchange Indices or Multi-Exchange 
Indices, (i) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the relevant Index (ii) each Pricing Source and Related Pricing 
Source are available, as determined by the Calculation Agent and (iii) that is an Index Trading Day in respect of 
the relevant Index which, in each case, is also an Exchange Business Day under and as defined in the Equity 
Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Index Business Day (Per Index Basis)" means in respect of any Index other than a Single-Exchange Index or 
Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the 
relevant Index (ii) each Pricing Source and Related Pricing Source are available, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and (iii) that is an Index Trading Day in respect of the relevant Index. 
"Index Business Day (Single Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which in respect of all Indices 
other than Single-Exchange Indices or Multi-Exchange Indices, (i) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of the 
relevant Index (ii) each Pricing Source and Related Pricing Source are available, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and (iii) that is an Index Trading Day in respect of the relevant Index. 
"Index Correction Period" (i) in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index, no later than five Exchange Business Days 
following the date of the original publication or (ii) in respect of an Index which is a Single-Exchange Index, one 
Settlement Cycle or (iii) in respect of an Index which is not a Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, 
no later than five Index Business Days following the date of the original publication. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such 
Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during each 
Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified for such Index in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Index Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index that is not a Single-Exchange or Multi-Exchange Index, any 
day with respect to which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates determines acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner it is able to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s), asset(s) or component(s) it deems necessary to hedge its obligations in respect of 
such Index under the Securities. 
"Initial Component Loan Rate" means in respect of a component comprised in an Index, the Initial Component 
Loan Rate specified in relation to such component in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 206 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
206 
 
 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the level, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Issue Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in 
respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Index Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Barrier" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Index Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) 
in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms,

--- Page 207 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
207 
 
 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Index Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Loss of Component Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any component(s) comprised in an Index in an amount 
equal to the Hedging Components at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Component Loan Rate. 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index either: 
(i) 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component which the Calculation 
Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends 
at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component is principally traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component which the Calculation 
Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends 
at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component is principally traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component; and 
(b) 
the aggregate of all Components in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an 
Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per cent. or 
more of the level of such Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to such Index, of: 
(1) a Trading Disruption; (2) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation 
Agent determines is material at any time during the one hour period that ends at the Valuation 
Time; or (3) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component at 
any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component at that time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of that Component to the level of such Index shall be based on a comparison of 
(x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that Component to (y) the overall level of such 
Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part of 
the market opening data; and 
(b) 
in the case of Single-Exchange Indices, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure;

--- Page 208 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
208 
 
 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of such Index exists at any time, if 
a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a component included in such Index at any time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of that component to the level of such Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the 
portion of the level of such Index attributable to that component and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each 
case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. 
"Maximum Component Loan Rate" means, in respect of a component comprised in an Index, the Maximum 
Component Loan Rate specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means any Index in respect of which the components are principally traded on more 
than one Exchange, as specified in the Issue Terms or, if not specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines 
as such. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Observation Time" means the time specified as the Observation Time in the Issue Terms. 
"Pricing Source" means in relation to an Index other than a Single-Exchange Index or Multi-Exchange Index 
each pricing source specified as such for such Index in the Issue Terms, any successor to such pricing source or 
any substitute pricing source, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Redemption Valuation Date in the Issue Terms, 
as may be adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below 
 "Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as the Redemption Valuation Period in the Issue 
Terms 
"Related Exchange" means in relation to a Single-Exchange Index or Multi-Exchange Index, each exchange or 
quotation system on which option contracts or futures contracts relating to such Index are traded, or each exchange 
or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where All Exchanges is 
specified as the Related Exchange in the Issue Terms in relation to a Single-Exchange Index or Multi-Exchange 
Index, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index. 
If no Related Exchange is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then All Exchanges shall apply. 
"Related Pricing Source" means in relation to an Index other than a Single-Exchange Index or Multi-Exchange 
Index, each pricing source specified as such for such Index in the Issue Terms, any successor to such pricing 
source or any substitute pricing source, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent; provided that where 
All Pricing Sources is specified as the Related Pricing Source in the Issue Terms, "Related Pricing Source" shall 
mean each pricing source determined to be a Related Pricing Source by the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours subject as provided 
in Valuation Time below. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means (i) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) 
or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, either (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) Scheduled 
Trading Day (Per Index Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the 
Issue Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Issue Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices 
Basis) shall apply.

--- Page 209 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
209 
 
 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)" means (i) in respect of all Single-Exchange Indices, any day on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective 
regular trading session(s) and (ii) in respect of all Multi-Exchange Indices, any day on which (a) the relevant 
Index Sponsor(s) is scheduled to publish the level of such Multi-Exchange Indices and (b) each Related Exchange 
is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session and (iii) in respect of each Index that is not a 
Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which (x) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of the relevant Indices (y) each Pricing Source and related Pricing Source are scheduled to be 
available, as determined by the Calculation Agent and (z) that the Calculation Agent determines is scheduled to 
be an Index Trading Day in respect of the relevant Index. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day on which (i) in 
respect of all Single-Exchange Indices, each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for 
trading during their regular trading sessions (ii) in respect of all Multi-Exchange Indices, (a) the relevant Index 
Sponsor(s) is scheduled to publish the level of such Multi-Exchange Indices and (b) each Related Exchange is 
scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session and (iii) in respect of each Index that is not a 
Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which (x) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of the relevant Index (y) each Pricing Source and related Pricing Source are scheduled to be 
available, as determined by the Calculation Agent and (z) that the Calculation Agent determines is scheduled to 
be an Index Trading Day in respect of the relevant Index which, in each case, is also a Scheduled Trading Day 
under and as defined in the Equity Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions, as applicable 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Single-Exchange Index, any day on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange 
are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session(s); 
(ii) 
in respect of any Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish 
the level of such Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular 
trading session; and 
(iii) 
in respect of each Index that is not a Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, any day on 
which (x) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the relevant Index and (y) each Pricing 
Source and related Pricing Source are scheduled to be available, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and (z) that the Calculation Agent determines is scheduled to be an Index Trading Day in respect of the 
relevant Index. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" means any day on which (i) in respect of a Single-Exchange 
Index the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session(s) and (ii) in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index (a) the relevant Index 
Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Multi-Exchange Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if 
any, is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session and (iii) in respect of each Index that is 
not a Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which (x) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to 
publish the level of the relevant Index (y) each Pricing Source and related Pricing Source are scheduled to be 
available, as determined by the Calculation Agent and (z) that the Calculation Agent determines is scheduled to 
be an Index Trading Day in respect of the relevant Index. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the Issue Terms, or any successor page or service thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Single-Exchange Index, the period of Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in the component(s) comprising such Index on the Exchange in which settlement will 
customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Settlement Level Date: 
(i) 
in the case of a Single-Exchange Index or Multi-Exchange Index, the official closing level of the Index 
as calculated and published by the relevant Index Sponsor on the relevant Settlement Level Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent or,

--- Page 210 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
210 
 
 
(ii) 
in relation to an Index that is neither a Single-Exchange Index nor a Multi-Exchange Index, the closing 
level of the Index as calculated and published by the relevant Index Sponsor on the relevant Settlement 
Level Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent or, 
(iii) 
if so specified in the Issue Terms, the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out 
in the Issue Terms at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Level Date. 
"Settlement Level Date" means an Averaging Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Single-Exchange Index" means any Index in respect of which the components are principally traded on one 
Exchange, as specified in the Issue Terms or, if not specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Issue Terms or, if no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days shall apply. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below, provided that: 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Indices, if the Strike Date for any Index forming part 
of the Basket of Indices is specified to be the Trade Date (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to any adjustments 
relating to the Strike Date that are set out in the Issue Terms) then: 
(i) if the Strike Date for any Index forming part of the Basket of Indices is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the Strike 
Date for such Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; unless (ii) in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date for such 
Index, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Index 
forming part of the Basket of Indices unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to 
the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of such Index. 
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the 
relevant Index, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to such Index, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Level using the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating 
that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange or Pricing Source 
traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each 
component comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant component on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for 
the relevant component as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and 
otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance 
with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Single-Exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to 
component(s) that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Index on any relevant Exchange(s) 
or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Index on any relevant Related Exchange; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to any 
Component on the Exchange in respect of such Component; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating 
to the Index on the Related Exchange.

--- Page 211 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
211 
 
 
"Valuation Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date, Strike Date, Strike Day, and/or the 
Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a single Index, the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Level by determining the 
level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence 
of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange or Pricing Source, as applicable, traded or quoted level as 
of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each component comprised 
in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant 
component on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for 
the relevant component as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Indices: 
(A) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis) 
applies, the Valuation Date for each Index, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Index forming part of the Basket of Indices unless 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in 
respect of any Index forming part of the Basket of Indices. In that case, (i) the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for each Index 
forming part of the Basket of Indices, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day 
with respect to one or more Indices (each an "Affected Item") and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine (a) the Settlement Level of each Affected Item of the Valuation Time on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Affected Item last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange or Pricing Source, as applicable, traded or quoted level as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each component comprised in that 
Affected Item (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant component on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate 
of the value for the relevant component as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions and (b) the 
Settlement Level of each Index that is not an Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day as specified in the Issue Terms and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions; or 
(B) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) applies the Valuation Date for each Index not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the 
Valuation Date for each Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected 
Item") shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating 
to the Affected Item unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal 
to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to the Affected Item, and 
(ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Level of the Affected Item as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating the level of the Affected Item last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange or Pricing Source, as applicable, 
traded or quoted level as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day of each component comprised in the Affected Item (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted

--- Page 212 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
212 
 
 
Day has occurred in respect of the relevant component on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant component as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with 
the above provisions. 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(i) 
the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time, the Coupon Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation 
Time, the Knock-Out Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the Issue 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if not specified in the Issue Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, means in respect of such Index: (A) for the purposes of 
determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (x) in respect of any Component, 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component, and (y) in respect 
of any options contracts or futures contracts on the Index, the close of trading on the Related 
Exchange; and (B) in all other circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of the 
Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor; or 
(B) 
in the case of a Single-Exchange Index, means the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange 
on the relevant date. If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the 
specified Coupon Valuation Time or Valuation Time, as the case may be, is after the actual 
closing time for its regular trading session, then the Coupon Valuation Time or Valuation Time, 
as the case may be, shall be such actual closing time; or 
(C) 
in the case of any Index other than a Single-Exchange Index or a Multi-Exchange Index the 
time at which the closing level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor. 
"Weighting" means the weighting (if any) to be applied to each item comprising the Basket of Indices if, and as 
specified in the Issue Terms or if no such weighting is so specified then no weighting shall apply to any such item. 
8. 
Index Disclaimer 
The Index Linked Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any Index or any Index Sponsor 
and no Index Sponsor makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results 
to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index stands at any particular time on any 
particular date or otherwise. No Index or Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to 
any person for any error in the Index and the Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any 
error therein. No Index Sponsor is making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the 
advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the Index Linked Securities. The Issuer shall 
have no liability to the Securityholders for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the 
calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date, neither the Issuer 
nor its Affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any control over the 
computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information 
concerning the Indices from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this 
information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no 
responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness 
and timeliness of information concerning the Index.

--- Page 213 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
213 
 
 
ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Equity Linked Securities shall comprise 
the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Equity Linked Securities set out below (the "Equity 
Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as applicable 
in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General 
Conditions and the Equity Linked Conditions, the Equity Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the Equity Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
would have been a Settlement Price Date. 
2. 
Depositary Receipts 
(a) 
Application of Depositary Receipt provisions 
If "Depositary Receipt provisions" are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, for the purposes of these Equity 
Linked Conditions in relation to each relevant Depositary Receipt: 
(i) 
references to "Share" or "Shares" shall be deemed to include an ordinary share or ordinary shares or 
other relevant equity securities, as the case may be, of the Share Company or Basket Company to which 
(i) the relevant Depositary Receipts specified in the Issue Terms relate or (ii) if not specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Depositary Receipts displayed on the relevant Screen Page relate; 
(ii) 
references to "Exchange" shall, in the context of the ordinary shares or other relevant equity securities 
of the Share Company or Basket Company, be deemed to be references to (i) the Share Exchange 
specified in the Issue Terms or (ii) if not specified applicable Issue Terms, the share exchange displayed 
on the relevant Screen Page; 
(iii) 
references to "Share Company" or "Basket Company" shall, in the context of a Depositary Receipt, be 
deemed to include references to the issuer or obligor of the Depositary Receipts; 
(iv) 
with respect to Depositary Receipts only, the following additional event shall constitute a Potential 
Adjustment Event for the purposes of Equity Linked Condition 3; 
"a distribution in respect of the Shares of property other than cash, shares or rights relating to any Shares 
to the holder(s) of the Shares"; and 
(v) 
with respect to Depositary Receipts only, the following events shall constitute Additional Disruption 
Events for the purposes of Equity Linked Condition 5: 
(A) 
a Termination; and 
(B) 
an Adjustment Event. 
(b) 
Definitions specific to Depositary Receipts 
"Adjustment Event" means (a) the terms and conditions of the Depositary Receipts have been altered or any 
adjustment or modification has been made pursuant to such terms and conditions (in each case whether by the 
Share Company or Basket Company or any party having influence over such terms and conditions) or the 
Depositary Receipts are converted into other securities and/or (b) the aggregate amounts (or currency thereof) to 
which a holder is entitled under the Depositary Receipts are altered.

--- Page 214 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
214 
 
 
"Depositary Receipt" means a depositary receipt relating to ordinary shares or other relevant equity securities 
issued by a Share Company or Basket Company, as specified in the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant 
to the provisions specified in Equity Linked Conditions 3 and 4. 
"Termination" means, in relation to an issue of Depositary Receipts, such issue has been terminated, cancelled 
or otherwise ceased to be outstanding for any reason. This shall include, without limitation, the termination of the 
deposit agreement in respect of the Shares and/or written instructions being given by the Share Company or Basket 
Company to the depositary of the Shares to withdraw or surrender the Shares. 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
(i) 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (a) such Shares or 
(b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, equally 
or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares or (c) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Basket Company 
or Share Company, as the case may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or 
(d) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in 
cash or in other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect of relevant Shares 
that are not fully paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share Company or its subsidiaries, 
as the case may be, of relevant Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(F) 
in respect of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, an event that results in 
any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock 
or other shares of the capital stock of such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may 
be, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, certificates, 
debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(G) 
any adjustment effected as a result of any shareholder rights plan or arrangement as described 
in paragraph (F) above; or 
(H) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative or 
other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
(ii) 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event, the 
date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(iii) 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, of the terms 
of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one

--- Page 215 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
215 
 
 
or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity 
Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments 
will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relative to the relevant Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation 
Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect 
of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange ("Exchange Based Adjustment") to 
options on the Shares traded on that options exchange. If "China Connect" is specified as "Applicable" 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in its determinations of the existence and extent of any dilutive or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any 
related adjustments to the terms of the Securities, the Calculation Agent shall take into account any 
requirement, adjustment and/or limitation that may be imposed by the China Connect Service or any 
action or inaction by any one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to such 
Potential Adjustment Event in respect of Shares held through the China Connect Service. 
(iv) 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall, other 
than where Exchange Based Adjustment applies notify the Issuer as soon as practicable and the Issuer 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13, 
stating the occurrence of the Potential Adjustment Event, giving details thereof and the adjustment to be 
taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give or non-receipt of such notice will not affect the 
validity of such Potential Adjustment Event or Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date or the 
adjustment in relation thereto. 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events 
The occurrence of any of De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Tender Offer (unless Tender 
Offer is specified as Not applicable in the Issue Terms), or, if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Illiquidity, 
Listing Change or Listing Suspension, as the case may be, or if no event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any of De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation and Tender Offer, shall be deemed to be an 
"Extraordinary Event", the consequences of which are set forth below: 
"De-Listing" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the Exchange announces pursuant to the rules of such 
Exchange, that such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any 
reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on 
(i) where the Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock 
Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their respective successors) or (ii) a comparable exchange 
or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European 
Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
"Illiquidity" means, in respect of Equity Linked Securities that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
during any period of five consecutive Scheduled Trading Days falling after the Issue Date (the "Relevant 
Period"), (a) the difference between the bid prices and the ask prices in respect of any relevant Share during the 
Relevant Period is greater than 1 per cent. (on average), and/or (b) the average purchase price or the average 
selling price, (each of (a) and (b) determined by the Calculation Agent from the order book of the relevant Share 
on the relevant Exchange during the Relevant Period), in relation to the purchase or sale of Shares with a value 
equal to or greater than EUR 10,000.00 (or its equivalent in any other currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate), is greater than MID plus 1 per 
cent. of MID (in relation to a purchase of Shares) or lower than the MID minus 1 per cent. of MID (in relation to 
a sale of Shares). For these purposes, "MID" means an amount equal to (a) the sum of the bid price and the ask 
price, in each case for the relevant Share at the relevant time, (b) divided by two. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution 
or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may 
be, (i) all the Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, are required to be transferred 
to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the Shares of that Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Listing Change" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, 
traded or publicly quoted on the listing compartment or the relevant market of the Exchange on which such Shares

--- Page 216 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
216 
 
 
were listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Issue Date, for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender 
Offer or where this is a De-Listing). 
"Listing Suspension" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the listing of such Shares on the Exchange 
has been suspended (other than where this is a De-Listing). 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of such Shares that 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity 
or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of a Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange in which such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to 
purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, 
as the case may be, that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other 
than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange of the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or the Share Company or its subsidiaries, as 
the case may be, with or into another entity in which the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, 
is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but 
results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior 
to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following 
such event, in each case if the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is on or before (a) in the case of Cash 
Settled Securities, the latest of the last occurring Settlement Price Date or (b) in the case of Physical Delivery 
Securities, the relevant Maturity Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to 
obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 30 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. (the "Percentage 
Range") of the outstanding voting shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory 
agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(c) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event: 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share or a Basket of Shares, the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion may take the action described in paragraph (i) to (iii) below in respect of a Security relating to a Share 
or a Basket of Shares, and the actions described in paragraph (iv) or (v) below in respect of a Security relating to 
a Basket of Shares only: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate adjustment, 
if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where 
the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the 
General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms to account for the relevant 
Extraordinary Event, and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may 
include, without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock 
loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Securities. The Calculation Agent may (but need 
not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the relevant 
Extraordinary Event made by any options exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options 
exchange. In addition, in relation to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation Agent may adjust the Basket of 
Shares in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (v) below; 
(ii) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on such exchange(s) 
or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the "Options Exchange"), require 
the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions

--- Page 217 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
217 
 
 
and/or the Issue Terms, which adjustment will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange. If options 
on the Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, 
if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities 
are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General 
Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by 
the Options Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event, that in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were 
so traded and if "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of a 
Reference Item, in its determination of any adjustments to the terms of the Securities to account for the 
economic effect on the Securities of the relevant Merger Event or Tender Offer, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall take into account any requirement, adjustment and/or limitation that may be 
imposed by the China Connect Service or any action or inaction by any one or more of the Exchange, 
SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to such Merger Event or Tender Offer in respect of Shares held 
through the China Connect Service; or 
(iii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment has been proposed by the Options Exchange 
and that no other action will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute 
discretion may, on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13, 
(A) 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the fair market value of a Security taking into account the relevant 
Extraordinary Event (the "Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount"), less the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Modified Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount"), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the 
relevant Extraordinary Event (the "Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination 
Date"), or 
(B) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount on the 
Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount Determination Date, and redeem each Security on the 
scheduled Maturity Date by payment of the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount. For 
avoidance of any doubt, the Calculated Extraordinary Event Amount shall not accrue any 
interest from the date of its calculation to the Maturity Date. 
In relation to paragraphs (A) and (B) above, notwithstanding General Condition 4(h), each Security shall 
cease to bear interest from and including the Calculated Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date 
and no interest amounts scheduled for payment thereafter (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
including any Specified Interest Amounts) shall be payable. 
(iv) 
in the case of Equity Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, redeem the Securities in part by 
giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If the Securities are so 
redeemed in part, the portion (the "Redeemed Amount") of each Security representing the affected 
Share(s) shall be redeemed and the Issuer will: 
(A) 
pay to each Securityholder in respect of each Security held by him an amount equal to the fair 
market value of the Redeemed Amount, taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event, 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(B) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement 
(in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or 
any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the 
Issue Terms to account for such redemption in part. For the avoidance of doubt the remaining 
part of each Security after such cancellation and adjustment shall remain outstanding with full 
force and effect. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13;

--- Page 218 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
218 
 
 
(v) 
in the case of Equity Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, on or after the relevant 
Extraordinary Event Effective Date, require the Calculation Agent to adjust the Basket of Shares to 
include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share selection set out below (each, a 
"Substitute Share") for each Share (each, an "Affected Share") of each Basket Company (each, an 
"Affected Basket Company") which is affected by such Extraordinary Event and the Substitute Share 
will be deemed to be a "Share", and the issuer of such shares a "Basket Company", for the purposes of 
the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Equity Linked 
Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines 
appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable under the Securities was to be determined 
by reference to an initial price (the "Initial Price") of the Affected Share, the relevant Initial Price of 
each Substitute Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Initial Price=A × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the fair market value of the relevant Affected Share on the Substitution Date (which may, where 
available, be determined by reference to the official closing price of the Affected Share on the relevant 
Exchange and/or such other source(s) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate). 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be effective as 
of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") in its sole and absolute discretion 
and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary 
Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting of the 
relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy the following criteria, in the 
sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(A) 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and the relevant 
share is not already included in the Basket of Shares, the relevant share shall be an ordinary 
share of the entity or person (other than the Affected Basket Company) involved in the Merger 
Event or the making of the Tender Offer, that is, or that as of the relevant Extraordinary Event 
Effective Date (i) is promptly scheduled to be, publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange 
or quotation system located in the same country as the relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant 
Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union) and (ii) 
is not subject to any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations; 
or 
(B) 
where paragraph (A) above does not apply, including in the case of an Extraordinary Event 
other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer: 
(1) 
the issuer of the share shall, to the extent possible, belong to the same economic sector 
as the Affected Basket Company and shall not already be included in the Basket of 
Shares; and 
(2) 
the issuer of the share shall, to the extent possible, have a comparable market 
capitalisation, international standing and exposure as the Affected Basket Company in 
respect of the Affected Share.

--- Page 219 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
219 
 
 
(C) 
in case of Notes listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
MOT, the Substitute Shares shall be listed on a stock exchange, market or quotation system 
which is acceptable to Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as applicable. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, if the Issuer determines that an adjustment in accordance 
with the above provisions is necessary it shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders 
in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the occurrence of the Extraordinary Event, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, including, in the case of a Share 
substitution, the identity of the Substitute Shares and the Substitution Date, provided that any failure to 
give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such Extraordinary Event or the 
proposed action. 
4. 
Correction of Share Price 
If the relevant price of the relevant Share published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation 
Agent to make any determination under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is published 
by the relevant Exchange within the number of days equal to the Share Correction Period of the original 
publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant Share as so corrected, except that any corrections 
published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities 
calculated by reference to the price of a Share will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of 
determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
5. 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action 
described in paragraph (i), (ii), (iii) or, in the case of Securities linked to a Basket of Shares only, (iv) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate adjustment, 
if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case with 
respect to Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General 
Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms to account for the Additional 
Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If 
the Securities are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Security taking into account the 
Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Additional Disruption Amount"), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13; or 
(iii) 
require the Calculation Agent to calculate the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event (the "Calculated Additional 
Disruption Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Security at an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount 
plus interest accrued on the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount on a daily basis from and including 
the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, 
each such daily accrual being at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost on or about the relevant day or (y) 
if greater its nominal amount; or 
(iv) 
in the case of Securities linked to a Basket of Shares, require Calculation Agent to adjust the Basket of 
Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share selection set out below 
(each a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each an "Affected Share") which is affected by the 
Additional Disruption Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be a "Share" and the issuer of 
such shares a "Basket Company" for the purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make 
such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the 
Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the 
General Conditions, these Equity Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount 
payable under the Securities was to be determined by reference to an initial price (the "Initial Price") of

--- Page 220 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
220 
 
 
the Affected Share, the Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price = A × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the fair market value of the relevant Affected Share on the Substitution Date (which may, where 
available, be determined by reference to the official closing price of the Affected Share on the relevant 
Exchange and/or such other source(s) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate). 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be effective as 
of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") in its sole and absolute discretion 
and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be the relevant date of the 
Additional Disruption Event. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting of the 
relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share which, in the sole and 
absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
is not already included in the Basket of Shares; 
(ii) 
the Issuer of such share belongs to the same economic sector as the Basket Company in respect 
of the Affected Share; and 
(iii) 
the Issuer of such share has a comparable market capitalisation, international standing and 
exposure as the Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment 
in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer as soon as practicable and the Issuer 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of the 
Additional Disruption Event or the proposed action. 
6. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
This Equity Linked Condition 6 is applicable only if: 
(a) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
Securities which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence 
of such Knock-in Event; or 
(b) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
relevant Securities which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
7. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then, unless previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Securities will be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such

--- Page 221 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
221 
 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable and 
the Issuer shall redeem the Securities at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
8. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms) Change in Law, (ii) 
Failure to Deliver (in the case of Securities to be redeemed by delivery), or (iii) any of Hedging Disruption, 
Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss Event, and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow, if specified in the Issue Terms or (iv) if no such event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
Change in Law and Failure to Deliver (in the case of Securities to be redeemed by delivery). 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount, in respect of each nominal amount of Securities equal to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount set out in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such date is 
not a Business Day, the next following Business Day and no Securityholder shall be entitled to any interest or 
further payment in respect of any such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger, 
paragraph (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the Automatic Early Redemption Range, as 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified 
as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may 
be adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below (such date may also be referred to as a 
"Observation Date"). 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the Issue Terms (such 
period may also be referred to as an "Observation Period"). 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
(such time may also be referred to as "Observation Time"). 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1.

--- Page 222 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
222 
 
 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Issue Terms or, if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed not to be an 
Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant relevant level, price or amount, as applicable 
provided that if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Dates would occur, then the 
provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was 
a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then the provisions of the definition of 
Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on that 
Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Disrupted Day that was a Disrupted Day irrespective 
of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already 
is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(iii) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms then: 
(A) 
where the Securities are Equity Linked Securities relating to a single share, the Averaging Date 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined in (iii) below). If the first succeeding Valid 
Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for 
the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant 
Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to 
be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an 
Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or 
amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (i) of the definition of 
Valuation Date below; 
(B) 
where the Securities are Equity Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares: 
(1) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) or Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset 
Basis) applies the Averaging Date for each Share shall be the first succeeding Valid 
Date in relation to every Share forming part of the Basket of Shares. If the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to every Share forming part of the Basket of Shares 
has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, 
but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) such Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed 
to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of every Share, and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of Valuation 
Date below; 
(2) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) applies the Averaging Date for each Share 
not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally scheduled 
Averaging Date, and the Averaging Date for each Share affected by the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Item") shall be the first succeeding Valid Date 
relating to the Affected Item unless a Valid Date in respect of the Affected Item has 
not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, 
but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the relevant Averaging Date relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date for the 
Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is already an Averaging Date 
with respect to the Affected Item, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with paragraph 
(ii) of the definition of Valuation Date below; and

--- Page 223 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
223 
 
 
(C) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not occur. 
"Basket Company" means each company specified as such in the Issue Terms; and 
"Basket Companies" means all such companies. 
"Basket of Shares" means (i) a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the Issue Terms 
in the Weightings or numbers of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any 
relevant Share and/or (B) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the 
Equity Linked Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit 
or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the 
relevant Share. 
"Clearance System Business Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to clear the 
transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance 
with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Coupon Valuation Period" means the period specified as a Coupon Valuation Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(i) 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; 
(ii) 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(iii) 
where Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis) are 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms for (i) Equity Linked Securities, (ii) Index Linked Securities 
and/or (iii) ETF Linked Securities, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as defined in these Equity Linked 
Condition and/or the Index Linked Conditions and/or ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of relevant Exchange(s) or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
"Valuation Time" on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Share in 
the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). If no Exchange is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
exchange specified on the relevant Screen Page shall apply.

--- Page 224 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
224 
 
 
"Exchange Business Day" means (i) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis) 
or (ii) in the case of a basket of Shares or other assets, either (a) Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) or (b) 
Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) or (c) Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as 
specified in the Issue Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Issue Terms, Exchange Business 
Day (All Shares Basis) shall apply.  
"Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading in respect of all Shares comprised 
in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of all Shares comprised in the basket of assets 
are open for trading during its regular trading session (notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time) which is also an Exchange Business Day under and as defined in the 
Index Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share is open for trading during its respective 
regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange and 
the Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any 
such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, the Shares on the relevant Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures 
or options contracts relating to the relevant Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Event, the date on which such 
Extraordinary Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for such Shares. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk including but not limited 
to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) freely 
realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of Shares that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates deems necessary to hedge 
the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer, issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Securities, or (ii) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to borrow any 
Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in relation to such 
Share in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 225 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
225 
 
 
"Insolvency Filing" means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has instituted against it by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents 
to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that 
proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share Company or Basket 
Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Issue Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in 
respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms, 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Issue Terms subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than;

--- Page 226 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
226 
 
 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) 
in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms, 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Share in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal 
to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Equity Linked Securities relating to a single Share or a Basket 
of Shares, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, determines is material, 
at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Observation Time" means the time specified as the Observation Time in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Redemption Valuation Date in the Issue Terms, 
as may be adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as the Redemption Valuation Period in the Issue 
Terms 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system on which option contracts 
or futures contracts relating to such Share are traded, or each exchange or quotation system specified as such for 
such Share in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Share has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or 
options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the 
Issue Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material

--- Page 227 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
227 
 
 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to 
such Share. If no Related Exchange is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then All Exchanges shall apply. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours subject as provided 
in Valuation Time below. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share 
Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) or (b) Scheduled 
Trading Day (Per Share Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the 
Issue Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Issue Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares 
Basis) shall apply.  
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading in respect of all Shares comprised in 
the Basket of Shares for their respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of all Shares comprised in the basket of assets is 
scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session which is also a Scheduled Trading Day for the 
purpose of the Index Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)" means in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Share, any original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the Issue Terms, or any successor page or service thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days following a trade 
in the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Settlement Price Date, in the case of a Share,  
(i) 
an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date as may be specified in the Issue Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share on 
the relevant Settlement Price Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that, if "Settlement 
Price (Italian Reference Price)" is specified to be applicable in respect of a Share in the Issue Terms, 
Settlement Price means, in respect of such Share and any relevant day, the "Prezzo di Riferimento" of 
such Share on such day as published by the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. at the close of trading for such day and 
having the meaning ascribed thereto in the rules of the markets organised and managed by the Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. or, 
(ii) 
if so specified in the Issue Terms, the price of the Share determined by the Calculation Agent as set out 
in the Issue Terms at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date. 
"Settlement Price Date" means an Averaging Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Shares" and "Share" mean in the case of an issue of Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, each share and, in 
the case of an issue of Securities relating to a single Share, the share specified in the Issue Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Share Company" means, in the case of an issue of Securities relating to a single Share, the company that has 
issued such Share.

--- Page 228 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
228 
 
 
"Share Correction Period" means one Settlement Cycle. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Issue Terms or, if no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days shall apply. 
"Stop-Loss Event" means, in respect of a Share, the price of any Share as quoted on the relevant Exchange for 
such Share at any time or the Scheduled Closing Time, as specified in the Issue Terms, on any Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Share on or after the Issue Date or, if later the Strike Date, is 
less than 5 per cent., or such percentage specified in the Issue Terms, of its Strike Price or, if no Strike Price is 
stipulated in the Issue Terms, the price given as the benchmark price for such Share in the Issue Terms, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below, provided that: 
in the case of Equity Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, if the Strike Date for any share forming part 
of the Basket of Shares is specified to be the Trade Date (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, to any adjustments 
relating to the Strike Date that are set out in the Issue Terms) then: 
(i) if the Strike Date for any Share forming part of the Basket of Shares is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the Strike 
Date for such Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; unless (ii) in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Strike Date for such 
Share, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Share 
forming part of the Basket of Shares unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to 
the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day 
in respect of such Share. 
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the 
relevant Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to such Share, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the price of that Share as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating such price last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each Share comprised in that Basket of Shares (or, 
if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Share on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the price for the relevant Share as of the Valuation Time on the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance 
with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Share or (b) in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date, Strike Date, Strike Day and/or Redemption 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is 
a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of Equity Linked Securities relating to a single Share, the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price in the manner set out

--- Page 229 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
229 
 
 
in the Issue Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the Settlement Price in accordance 
with its good faith estimate of the Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on that the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Equity Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares: 
(A) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) or Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis) 
applies, the Valuation Date for each Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Shares forming part of the Basket of Shares unless 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in 
respect of any Share forming part of the Basket of Shares. In that case, (i) the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for each Share 
forming part of the Basket of Shares, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day 
with respect to any Share (each an "Affected Item") and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the (a) Settlement Price of each Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day using, in relation to each Affected Item, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the Affected Item and otherwise in accordance with the above 
provisions and (b) Settlement Price of each Share that is not an Affected Item as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(B) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) applies, the Valuation Date for each Share not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the 
Valuation Date for each Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected 
Item") shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating 
to the Affected Item unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal 
to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to the Affected Item, and 
(ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price of the Affected Item as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day using, in relation to the 
Affected Item its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Item and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions. 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(i) 
the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time, the Coupon Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation 
Time, the Knock-Out Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the Issue 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if not specified in the Issue Terms: the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, in relation to each Share to be valued provided 
that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time 
is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Time, Coupon Valuation Time, Knock-in Valuation Time, Knock-Out Valuation Time or the 
Valuation Time, as the case may be, shall be such actual closing time. 
"Weighting" means the weighting to be applied to each item of the Basket of Shares as specified in the Issue 
Terms or if no weighting is so specified then no weighting shall apply to any such item. 
9. 
Additional Definitions for China  
In addition to definitions set out in Equity Linked Condition 8 above, the definitions set out in this Equity Linked 
Condition 9 shall apply for Reference Items where “China Connect” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms. If the term is defined in both, Equity Linked Condition 8 and Equity Linked Condition 9 the meaning 
given to such term in this Equity Linked Condition 9 shall prevail and replace the definition set out in Equity 
Linked Condition 8 above.

--- Page 230 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
230 
 
 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms) Change in Law, (ii) 
Failure to Deliver (in the case of Securities to be redeemed by delivery), (ii) China Connect Event or (iii) any of 
Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss 
Event, and/or Loss of Stock Borrow if specified in the Issue Terms. 
"China Connect Event" means either a China Connect Service Share Disqualification event or a China Connect 
Service Termination event. 
"China Connect Service Termination" means, on or after the Issue Date, the announcement by one or more of 
the Exchange, SEHK, the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a 
suspension or termination of the China Connect Service or a part thereof for any reason which materially affects 
the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the Shares through the China Connect Service and the Calculation 
Agent determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that such suspension or termination is not, or will not be, 
temporary. 
"China Connect Share Disqualification" means, on or after the Issue Date, the Shares cease to be accepted as 
"China Connect Securities" (as defined in the rules of SEHK) for the purposes of the China Connect Service. 
"China Connect Disruption" means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders (including 
in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the China Connect Service, 
relating to the Share on the Exchange or (ii) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts 
or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of the market participants in general to enter orders 
in respect of Shares through the China Connect Service. 
"China Connect Early Closure" means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the China Connect 
Service prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by SEHK or the 
Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for order-routing 
through the China Connect Service on such China Connect Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for 
orders to be entered into the China Connect Service system for execution on the Exchange at the Valuation Time 
on such China Connect Business Day. 
"China Connect Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the China Connect Service is open 
for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the China Connect Service closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"China Connect Service" means the securities trading and clearing links programme developed by the Exchange, 
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ("SEHK"), China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation 
("CSDCC") and the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited ("HKSCC"), through which (i) SEHK 
and/or its affiliates provides order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on the 
Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides clearing, settlement, depository and other services in relation to 
such securities. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(i) 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; 
(ii) 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred;  
(iii) 
where Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis) are 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms for (i) Equity Linked Securities, (ii) Index Linked Securities 
and/or (iii) ETF Linked Securities, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as defined in these Equity Linked 
Condition and/or the Index Linked Conditions and/or ETF Linked Conditions, or, 
(iv) 
the China Connect Service fails to open for order-routing during its regular order-routing session. 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day (Single Share 
Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of Shares or other assets, (a) Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) or 
(b) Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) or (c) Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as 
specified in the Issue Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Issue Terms, Exchange Business 
Day (All Shares Basis) shall apply.

--- Page 231 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EQUITY LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
231 
 
 
"Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which (i) each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading in respect of all Shares comprised 
in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) a China Connect Business Day. 
"Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which (i) each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of all Shares comprised in the basket of 
assets are open for trading during its regular trading session (notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time) and (ii) which is a China Connect Business Day and (iii) 
which is also an Exchange Business Day under and as defined in the Index Linked Conditions and/or the ETF 
Linked Conditions. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
(i) the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share is open for trading during its respective 
regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their 
Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) which is a China Connect Business Day. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Exchange 
and the Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading session, notwithstanding 
any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) which is a China 
Connect Business Day. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Equity Linked Securities relating to a single Share or a Basket 
of Shares, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange 
Disruption, (iii) a China Connect Disruption, which in each case the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion, determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, 
or (iv) an Early Closure and a China Connect Early Closure. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange or, the China Connect Service 
and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange or 
China Connect Service on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard (in the case of any Exchange or Related 
Exchange) to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours or (in the case of the 
China Connect Service) any after hours or any other order-routing outside of the regular order-routing session 
hours subject, in each case, as provided in Valuation Time below. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means (i) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis) 
or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, either (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) or (b) Scheduled 
Trading Day (Per Share Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the 
Issue Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Issue Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares 
Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which (i) each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading in respect of all Shares comprised in 
the Basket of Shares for their respective regular trading sessions and (ii) the China Connect Service is scheduled 
to be open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day on which (i) each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange (if any) in respect of all Shares comprised in the basket of assets is 
scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session and (ii) the China Connect Service is scheduled to 
be open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions which is also a Scheduled Trading Day for the 
purpose of the Index Linked Conditions and/or the ETF Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)" means in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which (i) the 
relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions and (ii) the China Connect Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing 
for its regular order-routing sessions in respect of Share . 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)" means any day on which (i) the relevant Exchange and the 
relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s) 
and (ii) the China Connect Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions.

--- Page 232 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
232 
 
 
ANNEX 4 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to ETF Linked Securities shall comprise 
the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for ETF Linked Securities linked to one or more ETFs set 
out below (the "ETF Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the General Conditions and the ETF Linked Conditions, the ETF Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of 
any inconsistency between the ETF Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
would have been a Settlement Price Date. 
2. 
Potential ETF Events and Extraordinary ETF Events 
(a) 
Potential ETF Events 
(i) 
"Potential ETF Events" means any of the following: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation, or reclassification of relevant ETF Shares or a free distribution or 
dividend of any such ETF Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar 
issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant ETF Shares of (A) such ETF 
Shares or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or 
proceeds of liquidation of the ETF equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of 
such ETF Shares; (C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the ETF, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction; or (D) 
any of other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in 
cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
a call by an ETF in respect of relevant ETF Shares that are not fully paid; and 
(E) 
a repurchase by the ETF or its subsidiaries of relevant ETF Shares whether out of profits or 
capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; or 
(F) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETF Shares. 
(ii) 
"Potential ETF Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential ETF Event, the date on which 
such Potential ETF Event is announced by the relevant ETF, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion. 
(iii) 
Following the declaration by the ETF of the terms of any Potential ETF Event, the Calculation Agent 
will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential ETF Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETF Shares and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Securities 
are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General 
Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided

--- Page 233 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
233 
 
 
that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock 
loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant ETF Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference 
to the adjustment in respect of such Potential ETF Event made by an options exchange ("ETF Exchange 
Based Adjustment") to options on the ETF Shares traded on that options exchange. 
(iv) 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall, other 
than where ETF Exchange Based Adjustment applies, notify the Issuer as soon as practicable and the 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13, stating the occurrence of the Potential ETF Event, giving details thereof and the adjustment 
to be taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give or non-receipt of such notice will not 
affect the validity of such Potential ETF Event or Potential ETF Event Effective Date or the adjustment 
in relation thereto. 
(b) 
Extraordinary ETF Events 
"Extraordinary ETF Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the occurrence at any time 
on or after the Issue Date of any of the following events and any applicable Additional Extraordinary ETF Event: 
(i) 
the ETF or any ETF Service Provider (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of any ETF Service Provider, 
ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, custodian, prime brokerage or any 
other relevant business (as applicable), (ii) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, 
winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (iii) 
makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iv) (1) institutes or 
has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or 
the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted 
or presented by a person or entity not described in paragraph (iv)(1) above and either (x) results in a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (v) seeks 
or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (vi) has a secured 
party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets 
and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not immediately dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under 
the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events specified in 
paragraphs (i) to (vi) above; 
(ii) 
the occurrence of any Merger Event or Tender Offer (unless Tender Offer is specified as Not applicable 
in the Issue Terms), where: 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant ETF Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of such 
ETF Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such ETF Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange of an ETF with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange in which such ETF is the continuing entity and which does not result 
in a reclassification or change of all of such ETF Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise 
obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares of the ETF that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares (other than such ETF Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
ETF or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the ETF is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding but results in the 
outstanding ETF Shares (other than ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately

--- Page 234 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
234 
 
 
prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares 
immediately following such event, in each case if the date of the occurrence of the Extraordinary ETF 
Event is on or before (a) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the latest of the last occurring Settlement 
Price Date or (b) in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the relevant Maturity Date; and 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 30 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. 
(the "Percentage Range") of the outstanding voting shares of the ETF, as the case may be, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies 
or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(iii) 
(a) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the ETF, or any ETF Service 
Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that any 
such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (b) the commencement or threat of any investigative, 
judicial, administrative, regulatory or other civil or criminal proceedings against the ETF, any ETF 
Service Provider or any key personnel of such entities, if such allegation, determination, suspicion or 
proceedings could (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) have an adverse impact on a Hedge 
Provider's rights or obligations in relation to hedging activities in respect of the Securities or could 
materially affect the value of the ETF Shares; 
(iv) 
any ETF Service Provider or other agent or entity fulfilling such role, howsoever described in the ETF 
Documents as at the Issue Date, ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the ETF and is not 
immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(v) 
(i) any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions or investment process (howsoever described) 
of the ETF are modified from that set out in the ETF Documents except where such change is of a formal, 
minor or technical nature or (ii) a material modification of the type of assets in which the ETF invests 
(including but not limited to a material deviation from the investment objectives, investment restrictions 
or investment process (howsoever described) set out in the ETF Documents); 
(vi) 
a material modification of the ETF (including but not limited to a modification of the ETF Documents) 
or a material modification of the method of calculating the net asset value per ETF Share (if any), or any 
change in the period or timing of the calculation or the publication of the net asset value per ETF Share 
(if any) or the occurrence of any event which in the determination of the Calculation Agent has or may 
have an adverse impact on the ETF or investors in the ETF (including, without limitation, the suspension 
of the net asset value per ETF Share (if any)), in each case other than a modification or event which does 
not affect the ETF Shares or the ETF or any portfolio of assets to which the ETF Share relate (either 
alone or in common with other ETF Shares issued by the ETF); 
(vii) 
any ETF Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, with any 
information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the investment portfolio of 
the ETF; 
(viii) 
(i) the occurrence of any event affecting a ETF Share that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the value of the 
relevant ETF Share; (ii) any failure of the ETF, or its authorised representative, to deliver, or cause to be 
delivered, (1) information that the ETF has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Calculation 
Agent or Hedge Provider, or (2) information that has been previously delivered to any Hedge Provider 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the ETF's, or its authorised representative's, 
normal practice and that any Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, to monitor such ETF's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation 
methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the relevant ETF Share; 
(ix) 
a reduction of the ETF's aggregate value or the reduction of the ETF's aggregate net asset value under an 
amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a significant 
effect on the management conditions of the ETF and/or its operating expenses or would increase the 
proportion of ETF Shares held, or likely to be held, by the Issuer, Guarantor or Hedge Provider to such 
extent that the full redemption in one single order of the ETF Shares held by the Issuer, Guarantor or 
Hedge Provider is likely to be impaired;

--- Page 235 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
235 
 
 
(x) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the ETF or the ETF Service Providers are or become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any present or 
future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or 
judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, (ii) a relevant authorisation or licence is 
revoked or is under review by a competent authority in respect of the ETF or the ETF Service Providers, 
(iii) the ETF is required by a competent authority to redeem any ETF Shares and/or (iv) the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or any Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority, the ETF or any other relevant 
entity to dispose of or compulsorily redeem any ETF Shares held in connection with any hedging 
arrangements relating to the Securities; 
(xi) 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the ETF for any reason of a subscription or redemption 
order in respect of any ETF Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, any non-execution by the 
ETF pending completion of its fiscal audit), if such non-execution or partial execution could in the sole 
determination of any Hedge Provider have an adverse impact on any Hedge Provider's rights or 
obligations in relation to its hedging activities in relation to the Securities, (ii) the ETF otherwise 
suspends or refuses transfers of any of its ETF Shares as described in the ETF Documents, (iii) if 
applicable, the ETF ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the relevant 
jurisdiction's legislation, (iv) the ETF otherwise suspends or refuses redemptions of any of its ETF Shares 
(including, without limitation, if the ETF applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar 
provisions permitting the ETF to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of ETF Shares) as described in 
the ETF Documents, (v) the ETF imposes in whole or in part any restriction (including, without 
limitation, any redemption in specie), charge or fee in respect of a redemption or subscription of its ETF 
Shares by the Issuer or any Hedge Provider or exercises its right to claw back the proceeds already paid 
on redeemed ETF Shares, if in any case it could in the sole determination of any Hedge Provider have 
an adverse impact on any Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging activities in 
relation to the Securities, (vi) a mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the ETF Shares is imposed 
by the ETF on any one or more holders of ETF Shares at any time for any reason or (vii) the Issuer, any 
Hedge Provider, or any Affiliate thereof, is required by the ETF or ETF Service Provider to redeem any 
ETF Shares for any reason; 
(xii) 
all the ETF Shares or all or substantially all the assets of an ETF are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof; 
(xiii) 
the currency or denomination of the ETF Share is amended from that set out in the ETF Documents as 
at the Issue Date; 
(xiv) 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the ETF ceases to act in 
such capacity, and the ETF or relevant ETF Service Provider fails to appoint a replacement having similar 
qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
(xv) 
following the issue by a ETF of a new class or series (howsoever described in the ETF Documents) of 
shares, the Calculation Agent, determines that such new class or series of shares has or may have an 
adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in relation to the Securities; 
(xvi) 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations relating 
to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging arrangements entered 
into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Securities (a "Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, 
the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar month following the day the relevant 
Tax Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax 
Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to any of its Affiliates, provided that the Issuer 
or the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result 
in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be 
deemed satisfied on any date the Calculation Agent determines that there is no reasonable means of 
mitigating the Tax Event as provided above; 
(xvii) 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Securities, as a result of any adoption of, or 
any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after the Issue Date, or 
issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or 
informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any

--- Page 236 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
236 
 
 
law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other 
relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Issuer or 
the Hedge Provider to hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider 
or the Issuer to adversely modify any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would 
adversely affect the amount of regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any 
holding of ETF Shares or that would subject a holder of the ETF Shares or the Issuer to any loss), 
purchase or sell any ETF Shares of the ETF or for the Issuer or the Hedge Provider to maintain such 
hedging arrangements, (ii) the cost to the Issuer or the Hedge Provider of such hedging activities would 
be materially increased for any reason or (iii) the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a 
material loss and, subject as provided below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one 
calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to 
mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to any of its 
Affiliates, provided that the Issuer or the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged 
to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one 
calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date the Calculation Agent determines that 
that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Relevant Event as provided above; 
(xviii) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, if the cost to the Issuer or the Hedge 
Provider in relation to the Securities and the related hedging activities would be materially increased or 
the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss relating to the Securities and the 
related hedging activities; 
(xix) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, the Hedge Provider is unable or it 
becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset or any futures or option contracts on the relevant Exchange 
it deems necessary to hedge the equity, commodity or other underlying ETF asset price risk or any other 
relevant price risk, including but not limited to the Issuer's obligations under the Securities, or (b) to 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction, asset or futures or option contract or any 
relevant hedge positions relating to an ETF Share of the ETF; 
(xx) 
at any time on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur an increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, capital and/or funding 
costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the Securities; 
(xxi) 
the Issuer becomes legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming its holding of ETF Shares; 
(xxii) 
the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the relevant ETF Shares 
cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason and are not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where the Exchange is located in the United States, 
any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market 
System (or their respective successors) or otherwise (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a 
member state of the European Union); 
(xxiii) 
(i) 
the occurrence of the reclassification of the ETF Shares; or 
(ii) 
(A) proposal for or (B) the occurrence of the acquisition of the ETF by, or the aggregation of 
the ETF into, another fund the mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks of which the Calculation 
Agent determines to be different from the mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks of the ETF 
as compared to the Issue Date of the ETF Linked Securities (or any proposal for the foregoing 
occurs); or 
(xxiv) 
(i) 
any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the ETF or the ETF 
Shares by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the ETF or the ETF 
Shares; 
(ii) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatments of the ETF, any ETF Service 
Provider or the ETF Shares that the Calculation Agent determines has or is reasonably likely to 
have an adverse impact on the investors in the ETF or the holders of the ETF Shares or on the 
value of the ETF Shares, or

--- Page 237 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
237 
 
 
(iii) 
the ETF or any ETF Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or 
litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving any activities 
relating to or resulting from the operation of the ETF. 
(c) 
Consequences of an Extraordinary ETF Event 
If an Extraordinary ETF Event occurs, including any Additional Extraordinary ETF Event specified in the Issue 
Terms the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take any of the actions (each an "Extraordinary ETF 
Event Action") described in paragraphs (i) to (iii) inclusive below. 
(i) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer determines that the action taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETF Event is to be 
"Adjustment" then it may: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the appropriate 
adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Entitlement (in the case where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these ETF Linked 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms to account for the relevant the Extraordinary ETF 
Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may 
include, without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, 
stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the ETF Shares or to the Securities. The Calculation Agent 
may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in 
respect of the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event made by any options exchange to options on 
the ETF Shares traded on that options exchange; or 
(B) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the ETF Shares traded on such 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the "Options 
Exchange"), require the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or 
more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are 
Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General 
Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms, which adjustment will be 
effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the 
corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange. If options on the ETF Shares are not 
traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to 
any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities 
are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the 
General Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and 
precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary ETF 
Event, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment 
by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded. 
(ii) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETF Event is to be 
"Substitution", the Calculation shall on or after the occurrence of any Extraordinary ETF Event, 
substitute each ETF Share (each an "Affected ETF Share") of each ETF (each, an "Affected ETF") 
which is affected by such Extraordinary ETF Event with an ETF Share selected by it in accordance with 
the criteria for ETF Share selection set out below (each a "Substitute ETF Share") and the Substitute 
ETF Share will be deemed to be an "ETF Share" and the relevant issuer of such Substitute ETF Share, 
an "ETF" for the purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if 
any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities 
are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General 
Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable under the 
Securities was to be determined by reference to an initial price (the "Initial Price") of the Affected ETF 
Share, the relevant Initial Price of each Substitute ETF Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 238 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
238 
 
 
Initial Price = A x (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute ETF Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected ETF Share; and 
"C" is the fair market value of the relevant Affected ETF Share on the Substitution Date (which may, 
where available, be determined by reference to the official closing price of the Affected Share on the 
relevant Exchange and/or such other source(s) as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate). 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of ETFs will be deemed to be effective as of 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") in its sole and absolute discretion 
and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary ETF 
Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute ETF Share will be equal to the Weighting of the relevant Affected ETF 
Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute ETF Share, the relevant share/unit/interest must satisfy the 
following criteria, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion: 
(A) 
where the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer (a) in the case 
of ETF Shares related to a single ETF, and (b) in the case of ETF Shares related to a Basket of 
ETFs, the relevant share/unit/interest shall be an ordinary share/unit/interest of the entity or 
person that in the case of a Merger Event is the continuing entity in respect of the Merger Event 
or in the case of a Tender Offer is the entity making the Tender Offer provided that (i) the 
relevant share/unit/interest is not already included in the Basket of ETFs and (ii) it is or as of 
the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event Effective Date is promptly scheduled to be (x) publicly 
quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the European Union, in any 
member state of the European Union) and (y) not subject to any currency exchange controls, 
trading restrictions or other trading limitations; or 
(B) 
(a) where the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and a 
share/unit/interest would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in paragraph (A) above, but such 
share/unit/interest is (in the case of an ETF Share related to a Basket of ETFs), already included 
in the Basket of ETFs, or (b) where the Extraordinary ETF Event is not a Merger Event or a 
Tender Offer, an alternative exchange traded instrument which, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the relevant ETF, including but not limited to, 
a comparable listing, investment objectives, investment restrictions and investment processes 
underlying asset pools and whose related parties are acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
if no alternative traded instrument can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub-paragraph 
(B) above, use reasonable endeavours to substitute the relevant ETF with an index (or a fund 
tracking an index) selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(D) 
following any such substitution (a "Substitution"), in its sole and absolute discretion amend 
such of the General Conditions, these ETF Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as it 
determines to be appropriate to take account of such Substitution, including to ensure the 
weighted average price referred to in paragraph (i) above (and any consequent rise or fall in 
value of the affected ETF Share since the Issue Date) is reflected in the terms of the Substitution. 
(iii) 
Termination 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETF Event is to be 
"Termination", upon the occurrence of a Termination Event the Issuer (i) shall redeem all but not some 
only of the Securities on the Termination Date by payment to each Securityholder of the Termination

--- Page 239 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
239 
 
 
Amount. For avoidance of any doubt, the Termination Amount shall not accrue any interest from the 
date of its calculation to the Termination Date. 
Notwithstanding General Condition 4(h), each Security shall cease to bear interest from and including 
the Calculated Extraordinary ETF Event Amount Determination Date and no interest amounts scheduled 
for payment thereafter (including, for the avoidance of doubt, including any Specified Interest Amounts) 
shall be payable. 
(iv) 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETF Event, if the Issuer determines that an adjustment in 
accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall give notice as soon as practicable (an 
"Extraordinary Event Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 
(Notices) stating the occurrence of such Extraordinary ETF Event (the date on which an Extraordinary 
Event Notice is given, an "Extraordinary ETF Event Notification Date"), giving details thereof and 
the action to be taken in relation thereto, including, in the case of a Substitution, the identity of the 
Substitute ETF Shares and the Substitution Date and, in the case of a Termination, details of any 
Termination Date and Termination Amount (where applicable), provided that any failure to give, or non-
receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such Extraordinary ETF Event or the proposed 
action. 
3. 
Correction of ETF Price 
If the relevant price of the relevant ETF Share published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation 
Agent to make any determination under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is published 
by the relevant Exchange within the number of days equal to the ETF Share Correction Period of the original 
publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant ETF Share as so corrected, except that any 
corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under 
the Securities calculated by reference to the price of an ETF Share will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent 
for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
4. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
This ETF Linked Condition 4 is applicable only if: 
(i) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
Securities which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence 
of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
Securities which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence 
of such Knock-out Event. 
5. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then unless previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled,if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Securities will, subject as 
provided in ETF Linked Condition 2(c), be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Period and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities at an amount equal to the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
6. 
Definitions 
"Additional Extraordinary ETF Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms) Change in 
Law, (ii) Failure to Deliver (in the case of securities to be redeemed by delivery), or (iii) any of Hedging 
Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Stop-Loss Event 
and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified in the Issue Terms or, if no such event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, Change in Law and Failure to Deliver (in the case of Securities to be redeemed by 
delivery).

--- Page 240 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
240 
 
 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, control means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount, in respect of each nominal amount of Securities equal to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount set out in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such date is 
not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, provided that no additional amount shall be 
payable to Holders as a result of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger, 
parahraph (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the Automatic Early Redemption Range, as 
specified in the Issue Terms, 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in ETF Linked Condition 2(c)(i) above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified 
as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date as specified as such in the Issue Terms, as 
may be adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below (such date may also be referred to 
as a "Observation Date"). 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the Issue Terms (such 
period may also be referred to as an "Observation Period"). 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
(such time may also be referred to as "Observation Time"). 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1 
(General Definitions). 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Issue Terms or, if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted Day pursuant to the above, 
then: 
(a) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed not to be an 
Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount, as applicable, 
provided that if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur, then the 
provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date; or

--- Page 241 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
241 
 
 
(b) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, the provisions of the definition of 
Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on that 
Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to 
such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be 
an Averaging Date, or 
(c) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms then: 
(A) 
where the Securities are ETF Linked Securities relating to a single ETF, the Averaging Date 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding Valid Date 
has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant 
Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to 
be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an 
Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or 
amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Valuation 
Date below; 
(B) 
where the Securities are ETF Linked Securities relating to a Basket of ETFs, : 
(1) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Shares Basis) applies the Averaging Date for each 
ETF Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally 
designated Averaging Date (the "Scheduled Averaging Date") and the Averaging 
Date for each ETF Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such ETF Share. If the 
first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such ETF Share has not occurred for a number 
of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging 
Date, then (A) that Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already 
an Averaging Date) in respect of such ETF Share, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance 
with paragraph (b) of the definition of Valuation Date below; and 
(2) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Share Basis) applies the Averaging Date for each 
ETF Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally 
scheduled Averaging Date, and the Averaging Date for each ETF Share affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Item") shall be the first 
succeeding Valid Date relating to the Affected Item unless a Valid Date in respect of 
the Affected Item has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the relevant Averaging Date relating to the Affected Item. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is already 
an Averaging Date with respect to the Affected Item, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of Valuation Date below; and 
(C) 
for the purposes of these ETF Linked Conditions, "Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not deemed 
to occur. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any

--- Page 242 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
242 
 
 
relevant ETF Share and/or (B) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to 
the ETF Linked Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit 
or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades in the 
relevant securities. 
"Clearance System Business Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event results in the Clearance System being unable to clear the transfer 
of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance 
with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Coupon Valuation Period" means the period specified as a Coupon Valuation Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(a) 
a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; 
(b) 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(c) 
where Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis) and Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis) are 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms for (i) ETF Linked Securities, (ii) Index Linked Securities 
and/or (iii) Equity Linked Securities, a Disrupted Day occurs under and as defined in these ETF Linked 
Conditions and/or the Index Linked Conditions and/or Equity Linked Conditions. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or any Related 
Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange 
system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"ETF" means any fund specified as being an Exchange Traded Fund in the Issue Terms, or if not so specified, 
any fund which the Calculation Agent determines to be an exchange traded fund. 
"Basket of ETFs" means a Basket comprising the ETF Shares in one or more ETFs specified in the Issue Terms. 
"ETF Documents" means, with respect to any ETF Share, the offering documents in effect on the Issue Date 
specifying among other things the terms and conditions relating to such ETF and for the avoidance of any doubt 
any other documents and agreements in respect of the ETF, as may be further described in any offering documents. 
"ETF Service Provider" means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly 
or indirectly, for such ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any investment advisor or 
manager, fund adviser, fund administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, 
prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent and any other person as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"ETF Share(s)" means, in respect of an ETF, a share or unit in such ETF. 
"ETF Share Correction Period" means one Settlement Cycle. 
"Exchange" means, in relation to a ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such ETF 
Share in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in the ETF Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF Share on such temporary substitute

--- Page 243 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
243 
 
 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). If no Exchange is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the exchange specified on the relevant Screen Page shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETF Share, Exchange Business Day (Single 
ETF Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of ETFs or other assets, (a) Exchange Business Day (All ETF 
Shares Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Share Basis) or (c) Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset 
Basis), in each case as specified in the Issue Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the Issue 
Terms, Exchange Business Day (All ETF Shares Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All ETF Shares Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange 
and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s) notwithstanding 
any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of ETFs, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of all ETFs comprised in the Basket of ETFs 
are open for trading during its regular trading session(s) (notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time) which is also an Exchange Business Day under and as defined in the 
Index Linked Conditions and/or Equity Linked Conditions, as applicable. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per ETF Share Basis)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its (their) 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single ETF Share Basis)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange 
closing prior to its (their) Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, the ETF Share on the Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or 
options contracts on or relating to the ETF Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary ETF Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary ETF Event, the date on which 
such Extraordinary ETF Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for such 
Relevant Assets. 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation 
Agent, an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Securities or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a hypothetical investor, who shall be deemed 
to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or be deemed to hold such 
number of ETF Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount 
linked to the performance of, such number of ETF Shares as it (or in the case of a hypothetical investor, the 
Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant 
Securities. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the fund price risk or any other relevant price risk 
including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of ETF Shares that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates deems necessary to 
hedge the price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities.

--- Page 244 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
244 
 
 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation, fund price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of its 
Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to borrow any 
ETF Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in relation to 
such ETF Share in the Issue Terms. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that an ETF institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any 
similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions 
presented by creditors and not consented to by the ETF shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Issue Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance 
with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in 
respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms, 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 245 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
245 
 
 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with ETF Linked Condition 2(c)(i). 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than, 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to, 
(iii) 
less than or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or 
(y) in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in the Payout Condition 
5.1. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any ETF Share in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate 
equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption or (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at 
any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means (i) the number of calendar days specified in the Issue Terms, or (ii) 
if not specified in the Issue Terms, the maximum number of days after the due date for publication or reporting 
of the net asset value per ETF Share after which the ETF Service Provider or any entity fulfilling such role, 
howsoever described in the ETF Documents, or any other party acting on behalf of the ETF, may remedy any 
failure to publish or report the net asset value per ETF Share in accordance with the relevant ETF Documents and 
before the Calculation Agent may determine that an Extraordinary ETF Event has occurred.

--- Page 246 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
246 
 
 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Observation Time" means the time specified as the Observation Time in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Redemption Valuation Date in the Issue Terms, 
as may be adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below 
"Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as the Redemption Valuation Period in the Issue 
Terms 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for 
such ETF Share in the Issue Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such ETF Share has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
futures or options contracts relating to such ETF Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where All Exchanges is specified as the Related Exchange in 
the Issue Terms, Related Exchange shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to 
such ETF Share. If no Related Exchange is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then All Exchanges shall 
apply. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange on which an ETF Share is traded and/or listed, the 
scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single ETF and in relation to an ETF Share, Scheduled 
Trading Day (Single ETF Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of ETFs, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All 
ETF Shares Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Share Basis) or (c) Scheduled Trading Day (Cross 
Asset Basis), in each case as specified in the Issue Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the 
Issue Terms, Exchange Business Day (All ETF Shares Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Shares Basis)" means any day on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis)" means, in respect of a basket of assets, any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their regular trading session(s) 
which is also a Scheduled Trading Day for the purpose of the Index Linked Conditions and/or the Equity Linked 
Conditions, as applicable. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Share Basis)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective 
regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETF Share Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange and the 
relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any day which but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day would have been 
a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the Issue Terms, or any successor page or service thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the period of Clearance System Business Days following 
a trade in the ETF Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of 
such Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Settlement Price Date, in the case of an ETF 
Share,

--- Page 247 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
247 
 
 
(i) 
an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement 
Price Date as may be specified in the Issue Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such ETF Share 
on the relevant Settlement Price Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent or, 
(ii) 
if so specified in the Issue Terms, the price of the ETF Share determined by the Calculation Agent as set 
out in the Issue Terms at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date. 
"Settlement Price Date" means an Averaging Date or Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Issue Terms or, if no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days shall apply. 
"Stop-Loss Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the price of any ETF Share as quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for such ETF Share at any time or the Scheduled Closing Time, as specified in the Issue Terms, on any 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such ETF Share on or after the Issue Date or, if 
later the Strike Date, is less than 5 per cent., or such percentage specified in the Issue Terms, of its Settlement 
Price or, if no Settlement Price is stipulated in the Issue Terms, the price given as the benchmark price for such 
ETF Share in the Issue Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below, provided that: 
(i) 
in the case of ETF Linked Securities relating to a Basket of ETFs, if the Strike Date for any ETF Share 
forming part of the Basket of ETFs is specified to be the Trade Date (subject, for the avoidance of doubt, 
to any adjustments relating to the Strike Date that are set out in the Issue Terms) then: 
(ii) 
(i) if the Strike Date for any ETF Share forming part of the Basket of ETFs is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the Strike Date for such ETF Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day; unless (ii) 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, 
then the Strike Date for such ETF Share, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not 
a Disrupted Day in respect of such ETF Share forming part of the Basket of ETFs unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of such ETF Share. 
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the 
relevant ETF Share, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to such ETF Share, 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the ETF Share as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the price of 
that ETF Share last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted 
price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each ETF Share comprised 
in that Basket of ETFs (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant ETF 
Share on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
ETF Share as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance 
with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Termination Amount" means amount equal to the fair market value of a Security taking into account the 
relevant Extraordinary ETF Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as 
soon as practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary ETF Event (the "Calculated 
Extraordinary ETF Event Amount Determination Date"). 
"Termination Date" means (i) the date determined by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt shall be any 
date determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion) and specified in the notice given to the 
Securityholders in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions.

--- Page 248 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
248 
 
 
"Trading Disruption" means, in relation to an ETF Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by 
the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to the ETF Share on 
the Exchange; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the ETF Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date, Strike Date, Strike Day and/or Redemption 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is 
a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of ETF Linked Securities relating to a single ETF Share, the Valuation Date shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price in accordance with 
its good faith estimate of the Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on that the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
In the case of ETF Linked Securities relating to a Basket of ETF Shares: 
(A) 
If Scheduled Trading Day (All ETF Share Basis) or Scheduled Trading Day (Cross Asset Basis) 
applies, the Valuation Date for each ETF Share shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any ETF Shares forming part of the Basket of ETF 
Shares unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to any ETF Share forming part of Basket of ETF Shares. In that case, (i) 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for 
each ETF Share forming part of the Basket of ETF Shares, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day with respect to any ETF Share (each an "Affected Item"), and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the (a) Settlement Price of each Affected Item using its good 
faith estimate of the value of each Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions and 
(b) the Settlement Price of each ETF Share that is not an Affected Item as of the Valuation Time 
on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the Issue Terms; or 
(B) 
if Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETF Share Basis) applies, the Valuation Date for each ETF Share 
not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and 
the Valuation Date for each ETF Share affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an 
"Affected Item") shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected 
Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Settlement Price of the Affected Item using its good faith estimate of the 
value for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(i) 
the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time, the Coupon Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation 
Time, the Knock-Out Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the Issue 
Terms; or, 
(ii) 
if not specified in the Issue Terms: the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant 
Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, in relation to each ETF Share to be valued 
provided that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified 
Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Automatic Early

--- Page 249 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETF LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
249 
 
 
Redemption Valuation Time, Coupon Valuation Time, Knock-in Valuation Time, Knock-Out Valuation 
Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, shall be such actual closing time. 
"Weighting", in relation to an ETF Share, the weighting to be applied to it as specified in the Issue Terms or if 
no weighting is so specified then no such weighting shall apply.

--- Page 250 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
250 
 
 
ANNEX 5 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Fund Linked Securities shall comprise 
the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Fund Linked Securities set out below (the "Fund 
Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as applicable 
in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General 
Conditions and the Fund Linked Conditions, the Fund Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the Fund Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Extraordinary Fund Events 
"Extraordinary Fund Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the occurrence at any time 
on or after the Issue Date of any of the following events and any applicable Additional Extraordinary Fund Event: 
(a) 
all the Fund Shares or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof; 
(b) 
by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up 
of or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (i) all the Fund Shares of that Fund are required to be 
transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (ii) holders of the Fund Shares of that Fund 
become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them; 
(c) 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider (i) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its dissolution, 
winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (ii) 
makes a general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (1) institutes or 
has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or 
the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted 
or presented by a person or entity not described in paragraph (iii)(1) above and either (x) results in a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (iv) seeks 
or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, 
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (v) has a secured 
party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets 
and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not immediately dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vi) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under 
the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events specified in 
paragraphs (i) to (v) above; 
(d) 
the commencement of any investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings 
against the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any key personnel of such entities, if such proceedings 
could (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) have an adverse impact on a Hedge Provider's rights or 
obligations in relation to hedging activities in respect of the Securities; 
(e) 
any Fund Service Provider or other agent or entity fulfilling such role, howsoever described in the Fund 
Documents as at the Issue Date, ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund and is not 
immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(f) 
(i) any of the investment objectives, investment restrictions or investment process (howsoever described) 
of the Fund are modified from that set out in the Fund Documents except where such change is of a

--- Page 251 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
251 
 
 
formal, minor or technical nature or (ii) a material modification of the type of assets in which the Fund 
invests (including but not limited to a material deviation from the investment objectives, investment 
restrictions or investment process (howsoever described) set out in the Fund Documents); 
(g) 
a material modification of the Fund (including but not limited to a modification of the Fund Documents) 
or a material modification of the method of calculating the net asset value per Fund Share, or any change 
in the period or timing of the calculation or the publication of the net asset value per Fund Share or the 
occurrence of any event which in the determination of the Calculation Agent has or may have an adverse 
impact on the Fund or investors in the Fund (including, without limitation, the suspension of the net asset 
value per Fund Share), in each case other than a modification or event which does not affect the Fund 
Shares or the Fund or any portfolio of assets to which the Fund Share relate (either alone or in common 
with other Fund Shares issued by the Fund); 
(h) 
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, with any 
information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the investment portfolio of 
the Fund; 
(i) 
(i) the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Share that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the value of the 
relevant Fund Share; (ii) any failure of the Fund, or its authorised representative, to deliver, or cause to 
be delivered, (1) information that the Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the 
Calculation Agent or Hedge Provider, or (2) information that has been previously delivered to any Hedge 
Provider or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the Fund's, or its authorised 
representative's, normal practice and that any Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, to monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation 
methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the relevant Fund Share; 
(j) 
any of the Fund, the Fund Service Providers, howsoever described in the Fund Documents, or any other 
party acting on behalf of the Fund fails for any reason to calculate and publish the NAV per Fund Share 
within the Number of NAV Publication Days following any date scheduled for the determination of the 
valuation of the Fund Shares unless the cause of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and outside 
the control of the entity responsible for such publication; 
(k) 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or the Fund Service Providers are or become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any present or 
future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or 
judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, (ii) a relevant authorisation or licence is 
revoked or is under review by a competent authority in respect of the Fund Service Providers, (iii) the 
Fund is required by a competent authority to redeem any Fund Shares and/or (iv) the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and/or any Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority, the Fund or any other relevant entity to 
dispose of or compulsorily redeem any Fund Shares held in connection with any hedging arrangements 
relating to the Securities; 
(l) 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription or redemption 
order in respect of any Fund Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, any non-execution by the 
Fund pending completion of its fiscal audit), if such non-execution or partial execution could in the sole 
determination of any Hedge Provider have an adverse impact on any Hedge Provider's rights or 
obligations in relation to its hedging activities in relation to the Securities, (ii) the Fund otherwise 
suspends or refuses transfers of any of its Fund Shares as described in the Fund Documents, (iii) if 
applicable, the Fund ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the relevant 
jurisdiction's legislation, (iv) the Fund otherwise suspends or refuses redemptions of any of its Fund 
Shares (including, without limitation, if the Fund applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar 
provisions permitting the Fund to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of Fund Shares) as described in 
the Fund Documents, (v) the Fund imposes in whole or in part any restriction (including, without 
limitation, any redemption in specie), charge or fee in respect of a redemption or subscription of its Fund 
Shares by the Issuer or any Hedge Provider or exercises its right to claw back the proceeds already paid 
on redeemed Fund Shares, if in any case it could in the sole determination of any Hedge Provider have 
an adverse impact on any Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging activities in 
relation to the Securities, (vi) a mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the Fund Shares is imposed 
by the Fund on any one or more holders of Fund Shares at any time for any reason or (vii) the Issuer, any

--- Page 252 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
252 
 
 
Hedge Provider, or any Affiliate thereof, is required by the Fund or Fund Service Provider to redeem any 
Fund Shares for any reason; 
(m) 
the aggregate net asset value of the Fund falls below the level of the NAV Barrier; 
(n) 
a NAV Trigger Event occurs; 
(o) 
any proposal to wind up the Fund or the Fund ceases to exist or there exists any litigation against the 
Fund or a Fund Service Provider which in the determination of the Calculation Agent could materially 
affect the value of the Fund Shares; 
(p) 
the currency or denomination of the Fund Share is amended from that set out in the Fund Documents so 
that the net asset value per Fund Share is no longer calculated in the same currency as at the Issue Date; 
(q) 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund ceases to act in 
such capacity, and the Fund or relevant Fund Service Provider fails to appoint a replacement having 
similar qualifications to those of the key individual or individuals ceasing to act; 
(r) 
following the issue by a Fund of a new class or series (howsoever described in the Fund Documents) of 
shares, the Calculation Agent, determines that such new class or series of shares has or may have an 
adverse effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in relation to the Securities; 
(s) 
where the Securities are linked to a Fund Basket, a Basket Trigger Event; 
(t) 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations relating 
to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging arrangements entered 
into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Securities (a "Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, 
the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar month following the day the relevant 
Tax Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax 
Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to any of its Affiliates, provided that the Issuer 
or the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result 
in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be 
deemed satisfied on any date the Calculation Agent determines that there is no reasonable means of 
mitigating the Tax Event as provided above; 
(u) 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Securities, as a result of any adoption of, or 
any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after the Issue Date, or 
issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or 
informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any 
law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other 
relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Issuer or 
the Hedge Provider to hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider 
or the Issuer to adversely modify any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would 
adversely affect the amount of regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any 
holding of Fund Shares or that would subject a holder of the Fund Shares or the Issuer to any loss), 
purchase or sell any Fund Shares of the Fund or for the Issuer or the Hedge Provider to maintain such 
hedging arrangements, (ii) the cost to the Issuer or the Hedge Provider of such hedging activities would 
be materially increased for any reason or (iii) the Issuer and/or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a 
material loss and, subject as provided below, the Issuer or the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one 
calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to 
mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to any of its 
Affiliates, provided that the Issuer or the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged 
to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one 
calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any date the Calculation Agent determines that 
that there is no means of mitigating the Relevant Event as provided above; or 
(v) 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, if the cost to the Issuer or the Hedge 
Provider in relation to the Securities would be materially increased or the Issuer and/or the Hedge 
Provider would be subject to a material loss.

--- Page 253 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
253 
 
 
2. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred, including any Additional 
Extraordinary Fund Event specified in the Issue Terms, the Calculation shall notify the Issuer and the Issuer shall 
give notice (an "Extraordinary Event Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 
(Notices) of the occurrence of such Extraordinary Fund Event (the date on which an Extraordinary Fund Event is 
gives, an "Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date"), giving details of the Extraordinary Fund Event and 
the action to be taken in respect thereof, including details of any Termination Date and Termination Amount 
(where applicable). 
If an Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, including any Additional Extraordinary Fund Event specified in the Issue 
Terms the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take any of the actions (each an "Extraordinary Fund 
Event Action") described in paragraphs (a) to (c) inclusive below. 
(a) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that the action to be taken in respect of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "Adjustment", then the Calculation Agent may determine, in its sole and 
absolute discretion, the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more Fund, Fund Share and/or 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms to 
take account of the Extraordinary Fund Event and determine the effective date of such adjustment. 
(b) 
Substitution 
A "Substitution Event" may be deemed to have occurred if the Calculation Agent determines that any of the 
Extraordinary Fund Events set out Fund Linked Condition 1 or any Additional Extraordinary Fund Event specified 
in the Issue Terms occurs. Following the occurrence of a Substitution Event in respect of any Fund Share, the 
Calculation Agent shall: 
(i) 
determine the weighted average price at which an investor can redeem the affected Fund Shares in the 
relevant Fund in such number as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
as soon as it is reasonably practicable after its determination of the Substitution Event; 
(ii) 
for a period of no longer than 14 calendar days after the date of its determination of the Substitution 
Event, use reasonable efforts to substitute the relevant Fund Shares with shares, units or other similar 
interests in an alternative fund which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, has similar 
characteristics to the relevant Fund, including but not limited to, comparable investment objectives, 
investment restrictions and investment processes and has service providers acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent; 
(iii) 
if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to the preceding paragraph (ii) above, use reasonable 
efforts to substitute the relevant Fund with an index (or a fund tracking an index) selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(iv) 
following any substitution in accordance with paragraph (ii) or (iii) above (a "Substitution"), in its sole 
and absolute discretion amend such of the General Conditions, these Fund Linked Conditions and/or the 
Issue Terms as it determines to be appropriate to take account of such Substitution, including to ensure 
the weighted average price referred to in paragraph (i) above (and any consequent rise or fall in value of 
the affected Fund Shares since the Issue Date) is reflected in the terms of the Substitution. 
(c) 
Termination 
A "Termination Event" may be deemed to have occurred in respect to any Fund or Fund Share, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that any of the Extraordinary Fund Events set out in Fund Linked Condition 1 or any Additional 
Extraordinary Fund Event specified in the Issue Terms occurs. Upon the occurrence of a Termination Event the 
Issuer (i) shall redeem all but not some only of the Securities on the Termination Date by payment to each 
Securityholder of the Termination Amount, or (ii) require the Calculation Agent to determine the Calculated 
Extraordinary Fund Event Amount on the Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount Determination Date, and 
redeem each Security on the scheduled Maturity Date by payment of the Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event

--- Page 254 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
254 
 
 
Amount. For avoidance of any doubt, the Termination Amount shall not accrue any interest from the date of its 
calculation to the Termination Date. 
Notwithstanding General Condition 4(h), each Security shall cease to bear interest from and including the 
Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount Determination Date and no interest amounts scheduled for payment 
thereafter (including, for the avoidance of doubt, including any Specified Interest Amounts) shall be payable. 
3. 
Redemption / Termination Date Extension 
In the case of Cash Settled Securities, if on the Scheduled Maturity Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date or 
Termination Date, as the case may be, the Hedge Provider has not, (or is deemed to have not), after having placed 
one or more redemption orders in respect of its holding of Fund Shares in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Fund Documents, received redemption proceeds in full in respect of all Fund Shares (the "Redemption 
Proceeds"), the Calculation Agent may notify the Issuer and the Issuer shall notify the Holders as soon as 
practicable in accordance with General Condition 13 that the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be, has been postponed. As soon as practicable 
following receipt (or deemed receipt) by the Hedge Provider of the Redemption Proceeds the Calculation Agent 
shall give notice to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give notice to the Holders in accordance with General Condition 
13 (such notice the "Delayed Payment Notice") and redeem the Securities on the date falling not more than five 
Business Days following the receipt of the Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the "Postponed Redemption 
Date") by payment to each Holder of the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
or the Termination Amount, as the case may be, provided that, if the Hedge Provider does not receive the 
Redemption Proceeds within the period ending on the date (the "Delayed Payment Cut-off Date") specified in 
the Issue Terms or, if not so specified, the second anniversary of the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be, the Postponed Redemption Date shall be the 
Delayed Payment Cut-off Date and the Final Redemption Amount, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount or 
the Termination Amount will be calculated by reference to the redemption proceeds actually received by the 
Hedge Provider which may be zero. 
In the case of interest bearing Securities, subject to Fund Linked Condition 2(c) above, the Issuer shall be obliged 
to pay interest calculated as provided in General Condition 4 accruing from (and including) the Interest Period 
End Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date or the 
Termination Date, as the case may be, (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date or the Termination Date, as the case may be, but 
shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the Postponed Redemption Date and no further or other 
amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay. 
4. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
This Fund Linked Condition 4 is applicable only if: 
(i) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
Securities which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence 
of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
Securities which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence 
of such Knock-out Event. 
5. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then unless previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Securities will, subject as 
provided in Fund Linked Condition 3, be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Period and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities at an amount equal to the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 255 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
255 
 
 
6. 
Definitions 
"Additional Extraordinary Fund Event" means (i) Change in Law and Hedging Disruption (unless specified 
otherwise in the Issue Terms), (ii) Failure to Deliver (in the case of securities to be redeemed by delivery), and 
(iii) Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, control means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount, in respect of each nominal amount of Securities equal to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount set out in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such date is 
not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day, provided that no additional amount shall be 
payable to Holders as a result of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(a) 
greater than; 
(b) 
greater than or equal to; 
(c) 
less than; or 
(d) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger, 
paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) applying or (B) within or outside the Automatic Early Redemption Range, as specified 
in the Issue Terms, 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in Fund Linked Condition 2(a) above. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified 
as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms and if 
such a date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately following Fund Business Day. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1 
(General Definitions). 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Issue Terms or if any such date is not 
a Fund Valuation Date, the immediately following Fund Valuation Date, unless such immediately following day 
is, due to the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event not a Fund Valuation Date. 
If any such day is not a Fund Valuation Date (a "Fund Non-Valuation Date"), then: 
(a) 
if "Omission" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed not to be an 
Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant NAV per Fund Share provided that if 
through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur, then the Calculation Agent may, 
in its sole and absolute direction, take any of the Extraordinary Fund Event Actions; or

--- Page 256 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
256 
 
 
(b) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms then: 
(i) 
In the case of Fund Linked Securities relating to a single Fund, the Averaging Date shall be the 
first succeeding Valid Date that is not a Fund Non-Valuation Date (irrespective of whether such 
date is an Averaging Date), unless each of the number of consecutive Valid Dates equal to the 
Number of NAV Publication Days immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of such day being a Fund Non-Valuation Date, would have been the relevant 
Averaging Date. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Valid Date shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is also an Averaging Date and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent in its sole an absolute discretion may take any Extraordinary Fund Event 
Actions. 
(ii) 
in the case of Fund Linked Securities relating to a Fund Basket, the Averaging Date for each 
Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Fund Non-Valuation Date shall be the original 
Averaging Date (the "Scheduled Averaging Date"), and the Averaging Date for each Fund 
Share affected (each an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Fund Non-Valuation Date shall 
be the first succeeding Valid Date that is not a Fund Non-Valuation Date relating to the Affected 
Item (regardless of whether such Valid Date is an Averaging Date) unless each of the number 
of consecutive Valid Dates equal to the Number of NAV Publication Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Averaging Date is a Fund Non-Publication Date relating to the 
Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive date shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is an Averaging 
Date, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall in its sole and absolute discretion may take any 
Extraordinary Fund Event Actions. 
(c) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms then: 
(A) 
where the Securities are Fund Linked Securities relating to a single Fund, the Averaging Date 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding Valid Date 
has not occurred for a number of consecutive Fund Business Days equal to the Number of NAV 
Publication Days immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of such 
date being a Fund Non-Valuation Date or another Averaging Date, would have been the relevant 
Averaging Date, then, (A) that last such consecutive Fund Business Day shall be deemed to be 
the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Fund Business Day is already an Averaging 
Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute direction, take any of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event Actions; 
(B) 
where the Securities are Fund Linked Securities relating to a Fund Basket, the Averaging Date 
for each Fund Share not affected by the occurrence of a Fund Non-Valuation Date shall be the 
originally designated Averaging Date (the "Scheduled Averaging Date") and the Averaging 
Date for each Fund Share affected by the occurrence of a Fund Non-Valuation Date shall be the 
first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such Fund Share. If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Fund Business Days equal 
to the Number of NAV Publication Days immediately following the Scheduled Averaging Date 
that, but for the occurrence of such date being a Fund Non-Valuation Date or another Averaging 
Date, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Fund 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Fund 
Business Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute direction, take any of the Extraordinary Fund Event Actions; and 
(C) 
for the purposes of these Fund Linked Conditions, "Valid Date" means a Fund Valuation Date 
which is not a Fund Non-Valuation Date and on which another Averaging Date does not or is 
not deemed to occur. 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that a Substitution Event occurs in respect of one or more Funds comprising the 
Fund Basket which has or, in the event that a Substitution Event has occurred in respect of more than one Fund, 
together have, a Weighting in the Fund Basket equal to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level. 
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms or if not so specified, 50 per cent.

--- Page 257 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
257 
 
 
"Calculation Date" means each day(s) specified in the Issue Terms, or if not so specified, each day which is a 
Fund Business Day. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any 
relevant Fund Share and/or (B) it will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to 
the Fund Linked Securities (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for such Fund 
Shares.  
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Fund 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
"Fund" means Fund(s), or sub-Fund(s) specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Fund Basket" means a Basket comprising the Fund Shares specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Fund Business Day" has the meaning specified in the Issue Terms, or, if not so specified, (i) in respect of a 
single Fund (Single Fund Share Basis), a date (a) that is a Fund Valuation Date and (b) on which the Hedging 
Provider has, or could have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund 
Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally published or reports that value) in respect 
of such Fund Valuation Date; and (ii) in respect of a Fund Basket, either Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares 
Basis) or Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) as specified in the Issue Terms, provided that, if no such 
specification is made in the Issue Terms, Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) shall apply. 
"Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Basket, a date (i) that is a Fund 
Valuation Date for all Fund Shares comprising the Fund Basket and (ii) on which the Hedging Provider has, or 
could have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share published 
by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally published or reports that value) in respect of such Fund 
Valuation Date. 
"Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is a Fund 
Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Share and (ii) on which the Hedging Provider has, or could have a 
subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider that generally published or reports that value) in respect of such Fund Valuation 
Date. 
"Fund Business Day (Single Fund Shares Basis)" means a date (i) that is a Fund Valuation Date and (ii) on 
which the Hedging Provider has, or could have a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed 
at the NAV per Fund Share published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally published or 
reports that value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Documents" means, with respect to any Fund Share, the constitutive and governing documents, 
subscription agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to such 
Fund Shares or as at the Issue Date, as amended from time to time. 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly 
or indirectly, for such Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any investment advisor 
or manager, fund adviser, fund administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-
custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent and any other person 
specified as such in the Fund Documents. 
"Fund Share(s)" means an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a fund, pooled investment vehicle 
or any other interest specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 258 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
258 
 
 
"Fund Valuation Date" means any date as of which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, the Fund (or the 
Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is but for the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund 
Event would have been scheduled to determine the NAV per Fund Share. 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation 
Agent, an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Securities or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a hypothetical investor, who shall be deemed 
to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or be deemed to hold such 
number of Fund Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount 
linked to the performance of, such number of Fund Shares as it (or in the case of a hypothetical investor, the 
Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant 
Securities. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the fund price risk or any other relevant price risk 
including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor or any of their respective Affiliates 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation, fund price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable), issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (ii) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or any of its 
Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such day is not a Fund 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
"Initial Calculation Day" means such day specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such day is not a Fund 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
"Initial Calculation Period" means such period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Issue Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or otherwise each Fund 
Business Day during the Knock-in Determination Period. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(a) 
greater than; 
(b) 
greater than or equal to; 
(c) 
less than; or 
(d) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in 
respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms,

--- Page 259 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
259 
 
 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is 
not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is not 
a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means the date(s) specified as such in the Issue Terms, or otherwise each Fund 
Business Day during the Knock-out Determination Period. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(a) 
greater than, 
(b) 
greater than or equal to, 
(c) 
less than or 
(d) 
less than or equal to 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or 
(y) in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is not 
a Fund Business Day, the next following Fund Business Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in the Payout Condition 
5.1. 
"NAV Barrier" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms. 
"NAV Trigger Event" means, in respect of any Fund Shares, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share has decreased by 
an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any time during the related NAV Trigger 
Period; or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such Fund or its 
assets by operation of any law, any order or judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it 
or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any other contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or 
any of its assets.

--- Page 260 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
260 
 
 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the Issue Terms or, if not so specified, 50 per cent. 
"NAV Trigger Period" means the period specified in the Issue Terms, or if not so specified the period from and 
including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation Date. 
"NAV per Fund Share" means with respect to the relevant Fund Share and a Fund Valuation Date: 
(a) 
in respect of a single Fund, (A) the net asset value per Fund Share of such Fund Shares as of the relevant 
Fund Valuation Date, or (B), if the Fund Service Provider of the Fund publishes or reports only the 
aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares, the net asset value per Fund Share relating to such number 
of Fund Shares as of the relevant Calculation Date as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of 
such aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares divided by the relevant number of Fund Shares issued 
and outstanding on the related Fund Valuation Date, each of (A) or (B) as reported by the Fund Service 
Provider that generally publishes or reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors or a 
publishing service;; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Fund Basket (A) the net asset value per Fund Share for each Fund Share in the Fund 
Basket as of the relevant Fund Valuation Date, or (B), if the Fund Service Provider of the Fund in relation 
to a Fund in the Fund Basket publishes or reports only the aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares, 
the net asset value per Fund Share relating to such number of Fund Shares as of the relevant Calculation 
Date for such Fund as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of such aggregate net asset value 
of the Fund Shares for such Fund divided by the relevant number of Fund Shares issued by such Fund 
and outstanding on the related Fund Valuation Date,. 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means (i) the number of calendar days specified in the Issue Terms, or (ii) 
if not specified in the Issue Terms, the maximum number of days after the due date for publication or reporting 
of the NAV per Fund Share after which the Fund Service Provider or any entity fulfilling such role, howsoever 
described in the Fund Documents, or any other party acting on behalf of the Fund, may remedy any failure to 
publish or report the NAV per Fund Share in accordance with the relevant Fund Documents and before the 
Calculation Agent may determine that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Issue Terms, or if any such date is 
not a Fund Business Day, the immediately following Fund Business Day. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Termination Amount" means amount equal to the fair market value of a Security taking into account the 
relevant Extraordinary Fund Event (the "Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount"), less the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Modified Calculated 
Extraordinary Fund Event Amount"), all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Fund Event (the 
"Calculated Extraordinary Fund Event Amount Determination Date"). 
"Termination Date" means the date determined by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt shall be any date 
determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion) and specified in the notice given to the Securityholders 
in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Weighting", in relation to a Fund Share, the weighting to be applied to it as specified in the Issue Terms or if no 
weighting is so specified then no such weighting shall apply.

--- Page 261 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
261 
 
 
ANNEX 6 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Inflation Linked Securities shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Inflation Linked Securities set out below (the 
"Inflation Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified 
as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
the General Conditions and the Inflation Linked Conditions, the Inflation Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of 
any inconsistency between the Inflation Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any Relevant Level for a Reference Month which is relevant to the 
calculation of any payment under the Securities and/or any other determination in respect of the Securities has not 
been published or announced by the relevant Determination Date, the Calculation Agent shall determine an 
alternative level in place of such Relevant Level (a Substitute Inflation Index Level), as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall take 
the same action to determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level for the affected Reference Month or 
date for determination, as applicable, as that taken by the relevant calculation agent pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of the Related Bond; or 
(b) 
if (i) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) the Calculation 
Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level for the relevant Reference Month under 
paragraph (a) above for any reason, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation 
Index Level in accordance with the following formula: 
Substitute Inflation Index Level =  Base Level × (Latest Level Reference Level
⁄
), 
where: 
"Base Level" means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" or other estimates) published or announced by 
the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the Reference Month for which 
the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined. 
"Latest Level" means the latest level of the Index (excluding any "flash" or other estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the Reference Month in respect of which the Substitute Inflation Index 
Level is being determined. 
"Reference Level" means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" or other estimates) published or announced 
by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month in respect of which the 
"Latest Level" as referred to above is determined. 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 of any 
Substitute Inflation Index Level calculated pursuant to this Inflation Linked Condition 1. Furthermore, the 
Calculation Agent may also make any other adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Securities and/or to 
any amount payable under the Securities, in each case, as the Calculation Agent deems necessary in order to 
remedy the delay in publication of the Index. The Issuer shall also give notice to the Securityholders of any such 
adjustment in accordance with General Condition 13. 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the relevant Determination Date, then, subject as 
provided in Inflation Linked Condition 5 and 7, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. The 
Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Inflation Linked Condition 1 will be the definitive 
level for that Reference Month.

--- Page 262 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
262 
 
 
2. 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that either (i) a level of an Index has not been published or announced by the 
Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or (ii) the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue 
to publish or announce the Index and/or (iii) the Index Sponsor cancels the Index, then the Calculation Agent may 
replace such Index with a successor index (a "Successor Index") (in lieu of any previously applicable Index) for 
the purposes of the Securities by using the following methodology: 
(a) 
If “Related Bond” is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and if a successor index has been 
designated at any time by the calculation agent under the related Related Bond pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of such Related Bond, the Calculation Agent may designate such successor index to be a 
“Successor Index” for all subsequent Determination Dates notwithstanding that any other Successor 
Index may previously have been determined under sub-paragraph (b) or (c) below ; 
(b) 
If (x) “Related Bond” is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms or if (y) there is no Related Bond 
at such time, and in each caseand a notice has been given or an announcement has been made by the 
Index Sponsor specifying that such Index will be superseded by a replacement inflation index specified 
by the relevant Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is 
calculated using the same or a substantially similar formula or method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of the previously applicable Index, such replacement index shall be deemed the Successor 
Index for the purposes of the Securities from the date that such replacement Index comes into effect; 
(c) 
If no Successor Index has been determined pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b), by such Determination Date,  
the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index for such Determination Date and 
such index will be deemed a Successor Index for the purposes of the Securities.  
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with the provisions set out above, the Calculation Agent may 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to 
account for the effect of such replacement in order to preserve the original economic rationale and objectives of 
the Securities and determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Securities. The Calculation Agent 
shall determine the date on which the Successor Index shall be deemed to replace the Index for the purposes of 
the Securities. Notice of the determination of a Successor Index, the effective date of the Successor Index and any 
other adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate will be given 
to Securityholders by the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 13. 
If the Calculation Agent cannot determine an appropriate alternative index pursuant to the above, the Calculation 
Agent may make any adjustments to any relevant level and/or any other relevant term of the Securities (including, 
without limitation, any amount payable under the Securities to account therefore) or may alternatively redeem 
each Security on the date notified by the Issuer to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 at its 
fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of redemption, taking into account the 
cessation of publication of the index and the prevailing market circumstances at such time, less the cost to the 
Issuer and/or any Affiliates of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of 
any redemption of the Securities pursuant to this paragraph 2 shall be given to Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13. 
3. 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will be rebased at any time, then the Index as so 
rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for the purposes of determining the Relevant Level from the date of 
such rebasing, provided, however, that (i) the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments as are made by the 
calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond (if “Related Bond” is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issuer Terms and there is a “Related Bond” at such time), to the levels of the Rebased 
Index so that the levels of the Rebased Index reflect the same rate of inflation as before it was rebased or (ii) if 
“Related Bond” is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or there is no Related Bond at such 
time, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the levels of the 
Rebased Index reflect the same rate of inflation as the Index before it was rebased and in each case the Calculation 
Agent may make any adjustment(s) to any amount payable under the Securities and/or any other term of the 
Securities as the Calculation Agent may deem necessary. Any such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments 
under the Securities.

--- Page 263 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
263 
 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that rebasing in accordance with the above would not produce a commercially 
reasonable result, the Issuer may redeem each Security on a date notified to Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 at its fair market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent as at the date of redemption 
taking into account the rebasing less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding or amending any 
related underlying hedging arrangements. Notice of any adjustment, redemption of the Securities or determination 
pursuant to this paragraph 3 shall be given to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
4. 
Material Modification  
If on or prior to the Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines that an an Index Sponsor announces 
that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Index or in any other way 
materially modifies the Index, then the Calculation Agent may (A) if a Related Bond is specified as applicable in 
the Issue Terms and there is a “Related Bond” at such time, make any adjustments to any Relevant Level and/or 
any other relevant term of the Securities (including, without limitation, any amount payable under the Securities), 
as are consistent with any adjustments made by the calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 
Related Bond, or (B) if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the Issue Terms or there is no “Relarted 
Bond” at such time, make only those adjustments to the Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other term of the 
Securities (including, without limitation, any amount payable under the Securities), as the Calculation Agent 
deems necessary for the modified Index to continue as the Index and to account for the economic effect of the 
change to the Index. 
The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of any such adjustment in accordance with General 
Condition 13. 
5. 
Revision  
If "Revision" is specified as applicable for an Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then the first publication and 
announcement of the Relevant Level of such Index (disregarding “flash” or any other estimates), or any revision 
to such Relevant Level made no later than the relevant Determination Date, shall be final and conclusive. If "No 
Revision" is specified as applicable for an Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then the first publication and 
announcement of a Relevant Level of such Index (disregarding “flash” or any other estimates) shall be final and 
conclusive, and any later revision to such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculation. 
If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then "No Revision" shall be 
deemed to apply. 
6. 
Manifest Error in Publication 
If, within 30 days of publication and on or prior to any relevant Determination Date in relation to the Securities, 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has corrected the level of the Index to correct a manifest 
error in its original publication, then the Calculation Agent may use such corrected level of the Index and it will, 
in such case, notify the holders of the Securities in accordance with General Condition 13 of (i) that correction, 
(ii) the adjusted amount that is then payable under the Securities as a result of that correction and (iii) take such 
other action as it may deem necessary to give effect to such correction. 
7. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may make any 
adjustments to any Relevant Level and/or any other relevant term of the Securities (including, without limitation, 
any amount payable under the Securities to account therefor or may redeem each Security on the date notified by 
the Issuer to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 at its fair market value (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) as at the date of redemption, taking into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event, 
less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging 
arrangements. Notice of any redemption of the Securities shall be given to Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13. 
8. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms) Change in Law, or (ii) 
Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging if specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 264 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
264 
 
 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes, control means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (A) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation 
Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it has become illegal for the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Index for purposes of the 
Securities. 
"Determination Date" means in respect of an Index and/or Index Level(s) or value(s) as the case may be, five 
Business Days, or such other number of Business Days as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, immediately prior 
to any payment date. 
"Fallback Bond" means, in respect of an Index, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the 
government of the country to whose level of inflation the Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the same day as the 
Maturity Date, (b) a day that the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing 
on the Maturity Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is 
selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary 
Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the 
governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or 
redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In 
each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or 
before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback 
Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds in its discretion. If the Fallback Bond is 
redeemed, the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible 
bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond 
is exchanged). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price 
risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect 
to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that 
any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Index" means any index specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or any Successor Index as determined 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Inflation Linked Condition 5 and Inflation Linked Condition 6. 
"Interpolated Relevant Level" means, for a payment date "d" of any given month "m", the level of the Index 
calculated as follows: 
𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑑,𝑚= 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑚−3 + 𝑑−1
𝐷
∗[𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑚−2 −𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙𝑚−3]   
Where: 
Index Levelm-3 is the relevant level of the Index three months prior to the relevant month "m".

--- Page 265 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
265 
 
 
Index Levelm-2 is the relevant level of the Index two months prior to the relevant month "m". 
d is the number of the calendar day on which the relevant payment day falls. 
D is the total number of calenar days in month "m". 
"Index Sponsor" means the entity specified as such in the relevant applicable Issue Terms or, if no entity is 
specified, the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Index. 
"Initial Relevant Level" means the level of the Index specified as such or determined as set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
"Rebased Index" has the meaning given to it under Inflation Linked Condition 3 above. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Index was reported, regardless of when 
this information is published or announced. If the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is a period 
other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant Level was reported. 
"Related Bond" means the bond (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that:  
(a) 
If the Related Bond specified in the Issue Terms is Fallback Bond, then for any Related Bond 
determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond.  
(b) 
If no bond is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not 
applicable" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms there will be no Related Bond.  
(c) 
If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in the applicable Issue Terms and that bond redeems or matures 
before the relevant Determination Date, unless "Fallback Bond Not applicable" is specified in the Issue 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond determination. 
"Relevant Level" means the level of the Index for the relevant Reference Month as determined and/or adjusted 
pursuant to this Inflation Linked Conditions, or, if Interpolation is specified as applicable, the Interpolated 
Relevant Level.  
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the Issue Terms, or any successor page or service thereto. 
"Successor Index" has the meaning given to it in under Inflation Linked Condition 2. 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" has the meaning given in Inflation Linked Condition 1.

--- Page 266 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
266 
 
 
ANNEX 7 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Securities shall comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Securities set out below (the "Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security Conditions"), together with the terms 
and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion 
in the Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General Conditions and the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Security Conditions, the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout 
Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Non-EM Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 apply unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Issue Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base Currency, 
Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be a "Disruption Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation; or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of paragraphs (i) to (vii) above 
(inclusive). 
(b) 
Consequences of a Disruption Event 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which 
prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant Price Source) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply the applicable Disruption Fallback in determining the 
consequences of the Disruption Event. 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for determining the 
Settlement Price when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on 
which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price Source). The 
Calculation Agent shall take the relevant actions specified in either paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below. 
(i) 
if a Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent will determine that the relevant 
Settlement Price Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the originally scheduled Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day 
in which case the Calculation Agent may determine that the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Settlement Price Date (irrespective of whether that last consecutive

--- Page 267 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
267 
 
 
Scheduled Trading Day is already a Settlement Price Date ) and may determine the Settlement Price by 
using commercially reasonable efforts to determine a Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day taking into consideration all available information that in 
good faith it deems relevant; or 
(ii) 
if a Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed 
Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being not applicable in the Issue 
Terms, on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13, the Issuer shall 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount 
equal to the fair market value of such Security, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion. Payment shall be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13; or 
(iii) 
if a Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation Date, if Delayed 
Redemption on the Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the Issue Terms, 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Security less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the 
Disruption Event (the "Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount Determination 
Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Security at an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to (x) the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount plus interest accrued on 
the Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount on a daily basis from and including the 
Calculated Foreign Exchange (FX) Disruption Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity 
Date, each such daily accrual rate being at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost on or about the relevant 
day or (y) if greater, its nominal amount. 
2. 
EM Currency Valuation and Disruption Provisions 
The provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2 apply where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of a Subject Currency in the Issue Terms. 
(a) 
EM Disruption Events 
If so specified in the Issue Terms, the occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base Currency, 
Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall be an "EM Disruption Event": 
(i) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(ii) 
Illiquidity Disruption; 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate; 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility; 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability; 
(vi) 
Material Change in Circumstance; 
(vii) 
Nationalisation; 
(viii) 
Price Materiality; and/or 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to any of paragraphs (i) to (viii) above 
(inclusive). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Securityholders in accordance with General

--- Page 268 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
268 
 
 
Condition 13 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
would have been a Settlement Price Date. 
(b) 
Consequences of an EM Disruption Event 
Upon an EM Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on 
which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the relevant EM FX Price Source) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply in determining the consequences of the 
EM Disruption Event: (a) EM Calculation Agent Determination where the applicable EM Disruption Event is 
other than Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality; and (b) the applicable EM Disruption Fallback where the 
applicable EM Disruption Event is a Price Source Disruption or Price Materiality. 
(c) 
Unscheduled Holiday 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a date that would otherwise have been a Settlement Price Date, is an 
Unscheduled Holiday in respect of a Subject Currency, then such date shall be the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day after the occurrence of the Unscheduled Holiday, subject as provided above, and provided 
that if such Settlement Price Date has not occurred on or before the EM Maximum Days of Postponement then 
the next Scheduled Trading Day after such period that would have been a Scheduled Trading Day but for the 
Unscheduled Holiday shall be deemed to be the relevant date for valuation and the Settlement Price shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such day in its sole discretion acting in good faith having taken into 
account relevant market practice and by reference to such additional source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
(d) 
Cumulative Events 
If "Cumulative Events" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms in respect of a Settlement Currency then, in 
no event shall the total number of consecutive calendar days during which a Settlement Price Date is deferred due 
to either (i) an Unscheduled Holiday or (ii) an EM Valuation Postponement (or a combination of both (i) and (ii)) 
exceed the EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement in the aggregate. If a Settlement Price Date is 
postponed by the number of calendar days equal to the EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement and at 
the end of such period (i) an Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day immediately 
following such period (the "Final Day"), then such Final Day shall be deemed to be the Settlement Price Date 
and (ii) if a Price Source Disruption shall have occurred or be continuing on the Final Day, then Valuation 
Postponement shall not apply and the Settlement Price shall be determined in accordance with the next applicable 
EM Disruption Fallback. 
(e) 
Postponement of payment or settlement days 
Where any Settlement Price Date is postponed as a consequence of the provisions of this Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Condition 2, then the corresponding date for payment shall fall on the later of (a) the date for such 
payment otherwise determined in accordance with the Issue Terms and (b) the day falling the EM Number of 
Postponement Settlement Days specified in the Issue Terms (or, if none are so specified, two Business Days) after 
the last occurring Settlement Price Date. 
3. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(a) 
This Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 3 is applicable only: 
(i) 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
Securities which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional 
upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event; or 
(ii) 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under 
the Securities which is expressed in the Conditions to be subject to a Knock-out Event, shall be 
conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
4. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then, unless previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Securities will be automatically

--- Page 269 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
269 
 
 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Period, as applicable, and the Issuer 
shall redeem the Securities at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
5. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may redeem the 
Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If the Securities are so 
redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each Security held by him which 
amount shall be the fair market value of a Security, taking into account the Additional Disruption Event, less the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
6. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms) Change in Law, or (ii) 
Hedging Disruption or Increased Cost of Hedging, if specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
respect of each nominal amount of Securities equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such date is 
not a Business Day, the next following Business Day and no Securityholder shall be entitled to any interest or 
further payment in respect of any such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(a) 
greater than; 
(b) 
greater than or equal to; 
(c) 
less than; or 
(d) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger, paragraph (a), (b), (c) or (d) applying or (B) within or outside the 
Automatic Early Redemption Range, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values 
specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time 
in accordance with the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may 
be adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below.

--- Page 270 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
270 
 
 
"Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (A) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer 
determines in its sole and absolute discretion that it is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Securities 
or it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Securities. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance 
with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Coupon Valuation Period" means the period specified as a Coupon Valuation Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption 
Event or EM Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies, splits 
into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"EM" means emerging markets. 
"EM Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for determining 
the Settlement Price when an EM Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a Settlement Price Date (or, 
if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the 
EM FX Price Source) being, in respect of a Subject Currency, any of EM Calculation Agent Determination, EM 
First Fallback Reference Price, EM Second Fallback Reference Price and EM Valuation Postponement, as so 
specified in the Issue Terms for such Subject Currency. Where more than one EM Disruption Fallback is so 
specified then such EM Disruption Fallbacks shall apply in the order in which they are specified in the Issue 
Terms until the Settlement Price can be determined for such exchange rate relating to that Settlement Currency 
for such Settlement Price Date. 
Where: 
(a) 
"EM Calculation Agent Determination" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price taking into consideration all information that it deems relevant. 
(b) 
"EM First Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement 
Price by reference to the applicable First Fallback Reference Price and, for which purpose, references in 
the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX Price Source", "EM Valuation Time" and "EM Number of 
Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be to "First Fallback EM FX Price Source", "First 
Fallback Valuation Time" and "First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days" (in each case, where 
such terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Issue Terms). 
(c) 
"EM Second Fallback Reference Price" means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price by reference to the applicable Second Fallback Reference Price and, for which purpose, 
references in the definition of Settlement Price to "EM FX Price Source", "EM Valuation Time" and 
"EM Number of Settlement Days" shall be construed, respectively, to be to "Second Fallback EM FX 
Price Source", "Second Fallback Valuation Time" and "Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days" (in each case, where such terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Issue Terms). 
(d) 
"EM Valuation Postponement" means that the Settlement Price shall be determined on the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that no such Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day has occurred on or before 
the day falling the EM Maximum Days of Postponement following the originally designated Averaging 
Date, Valuation Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-Out Determination Day, as the case may 
be. In such event, the Settlement Price shall be determined on the next Scheduled Trading Day after the 
EM Maximum Days of Postponement (notwithstanding the fact that day may be a Disrupted Day) in 
accordance with the next applicable EM Disruption Fallback.

--- Page 271 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
271 
 
 
"EM FX Price Source" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the price source(s) specified as such in the Issue 
Terms (or any successor to such price source(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"EM Maximum Cumulative Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Issue 
Terms or, if no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"EM Maximum Days of Postponement" means the number of days specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if 
no such number is specified, 30 calendar days. 
"EM Number of Settlement Days" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the number of days on which 
commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of an EM Disruption Event would have been open) for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in the or each Settlement Day Centre specified as such in the Issue Terms (each, an "EM Settlement 
Day"). Where no such number or zero is so specified, then such rate shall be for settlement on the same day. 
"EM Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if no such 
percentage is specified, 3 per cent. 
"EM Primary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such Subject Currency 
in the Issue Terms. 
"EM Secondary Rate" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the rate specified as such for such Subject 
Currency in the Issue Terms. 
"EM Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the time at which the EM FX Price 
Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated. 
"EMTA Template Terms" means the EMTA Template Terms for Non-Deliverable Currency Option 
Transactions for the relevant FX rate, as published by the Trade Association for the Emerging Markets (EMTA) 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date. 
"Exchange Rate Divergence" means: 
(a) 
if the FX rate specified in the Issue Terms is USD/ARS, that, in the reasonable opinion of not less than 
5 unaffiliated EMTA Members notified to EMTA (or its successor) by no later than 4 p.m., Buenos Aires 
time on the Valuation Date, the Price Source has failed, for a period of not less than three consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days (for any reason, including due to a split in the currency exchange rate or other 
event) to reflect the current prevailing Argentine Peso bid and offer rates for a standard size Argentine 
Peso/U.S. Dollar financial transaction for same-day settlement in the Buenos Aires marketplace on the 
Valuation Date; and 
(b) 
if the FX rate specified in the Issue Terms is USD/BRL, that, in the reasonable and independent 
judgement, as notified to EMTA in accordance with the EMTA BRL Exchange Rate Divergence 
Procedures, of not less than 7 unaffiliated EMTA members that are recognised market makers active in 
the BRL/U.S. Dollar foreign exchange market (no less than 4 of which shall be active participants in the 
onshore BRL/USD spot market), the Price Source (following a split of the exchange rates in Brazil or 
otherwise) no longer reflects the then-prevailing Brazilian Reais / U.S. Dollar spot rate for standard-size 
wholesale financial transactions involving the exchange of Brazilian Reais for U.S. Dollars delivered 
outside of Brazil, and 
(c) 
if the FX rate specified in the Issue Terms is a rate other than USD/ARS or USD/BRL but, it is specified 
in the relevant EMTA Template Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Issue Date and 
in respect of such FX rate, that Price Source Disruption shall include Exchange Rate Divergence, then 
Exchange Rate Divergence shall have the meaning given in the relevant EMTA Template Terms with 
respect to such FX rate. 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to convert a 
Subject Currency into the Base Currency in a Subject Currency Jurisdiction through customary legal channels.

--- Page 272 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
272 
 
 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it impossible to deliver 
(A) the Base Currency from accounts inside a Subject Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside a Subject 
Currency Jurisdiction or (B) the Subject Currency between accounts inside a Subject Currency Jurisdiction or to 
a party that is a non-resident of a Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or (ii) any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank), in each 
case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base Currency, Subject 
Currency and/or Subject Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm 
quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge its obligations under 
the Securities (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on 
which rates would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant Price Source or EM FX 
Price Source). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation foreign 
exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Securities, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(a) 
greater than; 
(b) 
greater than or equal to; 
(c) 
less than; or 
(d) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier (x) or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in 
respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the FX Knock-in Barrier or the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as 
such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Condition 2. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-In 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 273 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
273 
 
 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-In Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-EM Valuation and Disruption 
Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and 
Disruption Provisions). 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(a) 
greater than, 
(b) 
greater than or equal to, 
(c) 
less than, or 
(d) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range, (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or 
(y) in respect of any Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-out Barrier" means the price, level, amount, percentage or value specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Rate 
Condition 1 and Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Condition 2. 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-Out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-Out 
Period Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, prices, amounts, percentages or values specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with 
the provisions set forth in Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 1 (Non-EM Valuation and Disruption 
Provisions) or, as the case may be, Foreign Exchange (FX) Linked Condition 2 (EM Currency Valuation and 
Disruption Provisions). 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those events specified as 
Disruption Events or, as the case may be, EM Disruption Events) in the Subject Currency Jurisdiction beyond the 
control of the parties to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Securities which makes it impossible (A) for a

--- Page 274 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
274 
 
 
party to fulfil its obligations under the hedging arrangement or (B) generally to fulfil obligations similar to such 
party's obligations under that hedging arrangement. 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by any 
Governmental Authority which deprives a party to a hedging arrangement in respect of the Securities of all or 
substantially all of its assets in the Subject Currency Jurisdiction. 
"Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with 
the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Price Materiality" means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the EM Primary Rate differs from 
any EM Secondary Rate by at least the EM Price Materiality Percentage or if there are insufficient responses on 
the relevant Settlement Price Date to any survey used to calculate any such rate, then the EM Price Materiality 
Percentage will be deemed to be met. 
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or reporting the rate or 
rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible or impracticable to obtain the rate or rates from 
which FX rate is calculated and, where the FX rate is specified in the Issue Terms as: 
(a) 
USD/ARS; 
(b) 
USD/BRL; or 
(c) 
any other FX rate in respect of which the Calculation Agent determines that, as of the Issue Date, the 
relevant EMTA Template Terms for such rate (if any) specifies that Price Source Disruption includes 
Exchange Rate Divergence, 
then Price Source Disruption shall include Exchange Rate Divergence. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Redemption Valuation Date in the Issue Terms, 
as may be adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as the Redemption Valuation Period in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant page specified as such in the Issue Terms or any successor to such 
page or service acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which the Price Source is scheduled to publish the relevant FX rate, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities Condition 1 
or 2 or Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities Condition 1(b) or 2(b) above, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities relating to a basket of Subject Currencies 
and in respect of each Subject Currency: 
(A) 
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of such 
Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the spot rate of exchange appearing on the Relevant Screen 
Page at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date, for the exchange of such 
Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of 
such Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if such 
rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the 
bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates (expressed as aforesaid) at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date, as of two or more leading dealers (as

--- Page 275 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
275 
 
 
selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent), multiplied by the relevant Weighting (if applicable); or 
(B) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of such 
Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the rate of exchange appearing on the EM FX Price Source 
at the EM Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date, for the exchange of such 
Subject Currency per one unit of the Base Currency for settlement on the EM Number of 
Settlement Days, multiplied by the relevant Weighting (if applicable); and 
(b) 
in the case of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Securities relating to a single Subject Currency: 
(A) 
unless EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of such 
Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, an amount equal to the spot rate of exchange appearing 
on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date, for 
the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of 
units (or part units) of the Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be 
exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four 
decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates 
(expressed as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date, of two or 
more leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent); or 
(B) 
where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of such 
Subject Currency in the Issue Terms, the rate of exchange appearing on the EM FX Price Source 
at the EM Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date, for the exchange of such 
Subject Currency per one unit of the Base Currency for settlement on the EM Number of 
Settlement Days. 
"Settlement Price Date" means a Valuation Date. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the Issue Terms, or if not so 
specified, five Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance 
with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Subject Currency" means the currency(ies) specified as such in the Issue Terms (together, "Subject 
Currencies"). 
"Subject Currency Jurisdiction" means each country for which the relevant Subject Currency is the lawful 
currency. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means a day that is not a Scheduled Trading Day and the market was not aware of such 
fact (by means of a public announcement or by reference to other publicly available information) until a time later 
than 9:00 a.m. local time in the principal financial centre of the Subject Currency two Scheduled Trading Days 
prior to the relevant scheduled Settlement Price Date, Averaging Date, Knock-In Determination Day or Knock-
Out Determination Day. 
"Valuation Date" means any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Averaging Date, Coupon Valuation 
Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date, Strike Date, Strike Day 
and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant FX rate, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day for for the 
relevant FX rate and where EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of 
the relevant Subject Currency, in the event of an Unscheduled Holiday, subject to adjustment as set out in Foreign

--- Page 276 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE (FX) RATE LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
276 
 
 
Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security Condition 2(c) above unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security 
Condition 1(b) or 2(b), as applicable, shall apply.  
"Valuation Time" means 
(a) 
the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time, the Coupon Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation 
Time, the Knock-Out Valuation Time, the EM Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may 
be, specified in the Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
If not specified in the Issue Terms: the time at which the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates 
from which the Settlement Price is calculated. 
"Weighting" means, in relation to a Subject Currency, the weighting to be applied to it as specified in the Issue 
Terms or if no such weighting is so specified then no such weighting shall apply.

--- Page 277 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
277 
 
 
ANNEX 8 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Credit Linked Securities shall comprise 
the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Credit Linked Securities set out below (the "Credit 
Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as applicable 
in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General 
Conditions and the Credit Linked Conditions, the Credit Linked Conditions shall prevail. 
Unless otherwise stated in these Credit Linked Conditions or in the Issue Terms, in the event that any day specified in the 
section "Credit Linked Interest/Redemption" in the Issue Terms or the last day of any period calculated by reference to 
calendar days falls on a day that is not a Business Day, such day or last day shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the applicable Business Day Convention. 
In the case of Credit Linked Securities for which more than one Reference Entity or Index is specified in the Issue Terms, 
all references to "the Reference Entity" or to "the Index" herein shall be construed to refer to the Reference Entity or the 
Index in respect of which the relevant determination falls to be made at any relevant time and all related provisions and 
determinations will be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt no Credit Linked Securities will be considered frustrated, or otherwise void or voidable (whether 
for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity or Index does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date; and/or 
(b) 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations, Valuation Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or cease 
to exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
Credit Linked Securities may take the form of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities, First-to-Default Credit 
Linked Securities, Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities, Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, Index Credit Linked 
Securities or Long/Short Credit Linked Securities. In the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities and Index Credit 
Linked Securities, the Securities may be either Non-Tranched ("Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities" 
or "Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities", as the case may be) to which either Credit Payment on Maturity or 
Credit Payment As You Go will apply or Tranched ("Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities" or "Tranched 
Index Credit Linked Securities") (as the case may be). In addition, Index Credit Linked Securities may be Basket 
Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities ("Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities"). Notwithstanding the use 
of the term "Index", Index Credit Linked Securities are not Index Linked Securities. A Credit Linked Security may also be 
a Zero Coupon Security. 
Credit Linked Securities may be issued in respect of which: 
(a) 
"Credit Linked Interest" is applicable but "Credit Linked Redemption" is not applicable; 
(b) 
"Credit Linked Interest" is not applicable but "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable; and 
(c) 
"Credit Linked Interest" and "Credit Linked Redemption" are both applicable. 
If "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable, Credit Linked Condition 5 shall apply in respect of the Securities. If "Credit Linked 
Interest" is not applicable, Credit Linked Condition 5 shall not apply in respect of the Securities. 
If "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, Credit Linked Condition 1 and other Credit Linked Conditions relevant in 
respect of redemption following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date shall apply in respect of the 
Securities. If "Credit Linked Redemption" is not applicable, Credit Linked Condition 1 and other Credit Linked Conditions 
relevant in respect of redemption following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date shall not apply in respect 
of the Securities.

--- Page 278 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
278 
 
 
The Issue Terms shall specify, inter alia: 
(a) 
the type of Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates]; 
(b) 
whether the "Credit Linked Interest" and/or "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable; 
(c) 
the Settlement Method (if applicable) and, where Auction Settlement applies, the applicable Fallback Settlement 
Method; 
(d) 
the Reference Entity or Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event may occur or, in the case of Index 
Credit Linked Securities, the relevant Index Annex; 
(e) 
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any) in respect of each Reference Entity or, in the case of Index Credit Linked 
Securities, the relevant Index Annex; 
(f) 
the Trade Date, the Scheduled Maturity Date and if different from the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Credit 
Observation End Date; 
(g) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount (if applicable) in respect of each Reference Entity; 
(h) 
the Long Nominal Exposure Percentage and the Short Nominal Exposure Percentage (if applicable) in respect of 
the Long/Short Credit Linked Securities; 
(i) 
"H" and "L" in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities; 
(j) 
the Attachment Point(s) and the Exhaustion Point(s) in the case of Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or 
Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities; 
(k) 
the Credit Multiplier, the Credit Event Reduction Factor and the LLM and/or SLM (in each case to the extent 
applicable); and 
(l) 
the Transaction Type applicable to each Reference Entity if Physical Settlement Matrix is specified as being 
applicable in the Issue Terms. 
Certain elections in respect of Credit Linked Securities and one or more Reference Entities may be made by specifying 
that the Physical Settlement Matrix is applicable in the Issue Terms. In this case the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 
20 apply. 
In the case of Index Linked Securities, certain information relating to the Credit Index will be as specified in the Index 
Annex named in the Issue Terms. 
The application of any of Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11 below shall, for the avoidance of doubt, not preclude 
the application of any other such Credit Linked Condition either contemporaneously or subsequently and in the event that 
any such provisions are inconsistent or the Calculation Agent becomes entitled to exercise a discretion under one or more 
of such provisions, the Calculation Agent may elect in its discretion which provision shall apply and under which provision 
or provisions it shall exercise its discretion. 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Securities 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled and provided that a Credit Event Determination Date has 
not occurred in respect of any Reference Entity, the Issuer shall redeem each Credit Linked Security on the 
Maturity Date by payment of the Final Redemption Amount. If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred 
in respect of any Reference Entity and "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable in the Issue Terms, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Credit Linked Security as described below. References in these Credit Linked Conditions to a 
Credit Linked Security or a Security are, unless the context otherwise requires, to a nominal amount of Credit 
Linked Securities equal to the Calculation Amount. Any payment of a "pro rata" amount in respect of a Security 
will be determined by reference to its nominal amount relative to the then Aggregate Nominal Amount or Nominal 
Amount (as the case may be) of the Securities.

--- Page 279 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
279 
 
 
(b) 
Where the Securities are Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities and "Credit Linked Redemption" is 
applicable in the Issue Terms, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in relation to the Reference 
Entity, then the Securities will be settled in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 
3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable or, if the Securities are Zero/Set Recovery Securities, the provisions 
of paragraph (h) below will apply. 
(c) 
Where the Securities are First-to-Default Credit Linked Securities, if a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred in relation to any of the specified Reference Entities and "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable in 
the Issue Terms, then the Securities will be settled in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked 
Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, in relation only to the First Reference Entity (as defined 
in the definition of Credit Event Determination Date) or, if the Securities are Zero/Set Recovery Securities, the 
provisions of paragraph (h) below will apply. 
(d) 
Where the Securities are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities, if a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred in relation to one or more of the specified Reference Entities and "Credit Linked Redemption" is 
applicable in the Issue Terms, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, 
no settlement in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked 
Condition 4, as applicable, will occur until such time as a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect 
of the Relevant Number of Reference Entities (a "Trigger"). The Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred which causes the Trigger to occur is referred to as the "Triggering 
Reference Entity" and the Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the Issue Terms. As of the day on 
which the Calculation Agent determines that a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the 
Relevant Number of References Entities then (i) Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit 
Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply in relation only to the Triggering Reference Entity or (ii) if the 
Securities are Zero/Set Recovery Securities, the provisions of paragraph (h) below will apply. 
(e) 
Where the Securities are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Securities to which Credit Payment on Maturity applies, Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, 
Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or Long/Short Credit 
Linked Securities, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any specified Reference Entity 
and "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable in the Issue Terms, then, in respect of each Credit Linked Security, 
each Security shall be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption Amount on the Credit Event Redemption Date, 
subject as provided in paragraph (i) below. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph (e) will apply in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which 
a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred. 
In respect of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities and for the avoidance of doubt, where a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred with respect to a number of Reference Entities that is equal to or less than 
L (as defined below), then the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be par. 
In respect of Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities and for the avoidance of doubt, where the Attachment Point 
is not exceeded by the Aggregate Loss Percentage following the occurrence of any Credit Event Determination 
Date, then the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be par. 
In respect of Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities and for the avoidance of doubt, where the relevant 
Attachment Point is not exceeded by the relevant Aggregate Loss Percentage following the occurrence of any 
Credit Event Determination Date in respect of each of the Basket Tranched Index Components, then the Credit 
Event Redemption Amount will be par. 
Prior to each date on which a payment is due on the Credit Linked Securities, the Issuer shall procure that 
Securityholders are notified in accordance with General Condition 13 of each Credit Event that has occurred since 
the previous payment date, provided that any delay or failure in the delivery of a such notice shall not affect the 
validity of any Credit Event Determination Date. 
(f) 
Where the Securities are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Securities to which Credit Payment As You Go applies and "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable in 
the Issue Terms, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any specified Reference Entity: 
(i) the Issuer shall give notice in each case that a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred (such notice a

--- Page 280 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
280 
 
 
"Settlement Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 and (ii) in respect of each 
Credit Linked Security: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall pay as an Instalment Amount for the purposes of General Condition 6(i) an amount equal 
to the relevant Credit Event Amount, if any, on the relevant Credit Event Payment Date which will be 
the relevant Instalment Date; and 
(ii) 
each Security shall be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption Amount on the Credit Event 
Redemption Date, provided that if on or prior to the Credit Event Redemption Date and save where any 
Protected Amount is payable, a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of all the 
specified Reference Entities each Credit Linked Security will be redeemed (together with accrued 
interest, if any) at the final Credit Event Amount on the final Credit Event Payment Date, subject as 
provided in paragraph (i) below. 
For the avoidance of doubt part (i) of this provision will apply and part (ii) of this provision will apply in relation 
to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred. 
Any delay in the delivery of a Settlement Notice or failure by the Issuer to deliver a Settlement Notice shall not 
affect the validity of the Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the affected Reference Entity. 
(g) 
Where only a part of an issuance of Securities is credit linked (which will be the case where the Credit Multiplier 
is less than 1), references in these Credit Linked Conditions to the "Scheduled Maturity Date" shall be references 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the credit linked part of the Securities only and notwithstanding any other 
provision of the Conditions, the Maturity Date of the Securities shall be the later of the Maturity Date determined 
in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, and the final Instalment Date specified in the Issue Terms. 
(h) 
Where the Securities are Zero/Set Recovery Securities then if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in 
respect of any Reference Entity (in the case of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Securities, Index Credit Linked Securities, First-to-Default Credit Linked Securities or Long/Short 
Credit Linked Securities) or in respect of the Triggering Reference Entity (in the case of Nth-to-Default Credit 
Linked Securities) then following a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of any such Reference Entity the 
provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 2, 3 or 4 will not apply but (i) each Single Reference Entity Credit Linked 
Security, First-to-Default Credit Linked Security and Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Security will be redeemed by 
payment of the Credit Event Redemption Amount, if any, on the Credit Event Redemption Date together with 
accrued interest, if any, and (ii) each Linear Basket Credit Linked Security, Index Credit Linked Security or 
Long/Short Credit Linked Security may be redeemed (or otherwise) as provided in paragraph (e) or (f) above, as 
applicable and/or paragraph (i) below, if applicable. 
(i) 
Where any Credit Event Redemption Amount is zero (whether the Securities are Zero/Set Recovery Securities or 
otherwise) then, other than for the payment of any accrued interest or any other due but unpaid amounts or any 
interest amount not subject to the Credit Linked Conditions, the Securities will be cancelled as of the Credit Event 
Redemption Date or, if other, the day on which it is determined that the Credit Event Redemption Amount is or 
would be, were it to be so calculated in respect of such day, zero with no payment being due other than any final 
amount of accrued interest or any other due but unpaid amounts. The Issuer will have no further obligations in 
respect of the Credit Linked Securities. 
(j) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount in respect of Zero Coupon Securities is 
equal to 100 per cent. of their face amount. 
(k) 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 and 11 may each apply to First-
to-Default Credit Linked Securities and Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities meaning that subject to paragraph 
(g) above, the Maturity Date may be delayed beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date in certain circumstances. 
(l) 
If any purchase and cancellation of Securities occurs under General Condition 6(g) or any further issue under 
General Condition 12, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustments to the applicable Issue Terms and/or 
these Credit Linked Conditions as it determines appropriate (including Reference Entity Notional Amounts) to 
ensure the Securities continue to reflect economic intentions.

--- Page 281 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
281 
 
 
2. 
Auction Settlement 
(a) 
Where Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the Issue Terms and a Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Issuer shall give notice 
(such notice an "Auction Settlement Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13, 
and, subject to these Credit Linked Conditions where "Credit Linked Redemption" is specified as applicable in 
the Issue Terms only, in particular Credit Linked Condition 1, redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked 
Securities, each Credit Linked Security being redeemed by the Issuer at the Credit Event Redemption Amount in 
the relevant Credit Linked Specified Currency on the Credit Event Redemption Date. 
(b) 
Unless settlement has occurred in accordance with paragraph (a) above, if: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where such No Auction Announcement 
Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date, the 
Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option); 
(iii) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(iv) 
a Credit Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of the definition of Credit 
Event Determination Date or paragraph (a) of the definition of Non-Standard Credit Event Determination 
Date and no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred in respect of the relevant Credit Event 
on or prior to the date falling three Business Days after such Credit Event Determination Date, 
then: 
(x) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Cash Settlement is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Credit Linked Securities in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
3 below; or 
(y) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Credit Linked Securities in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
4 below. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Securities become redeemable in accordance with 
this Credit Linked Condition 2, upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption Amounts in respect of the 
Securities, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the Securities and shall have no other 
liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Credit Event Redemption Amount may be less than 
the nominal amount of a Credit Linked Security. Any shortfall shall be borne by the Securityholders and no 
liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor. For the avoidance of doubt, following redemption of a 
portion of the Securities in accordance with the foregoing, the Issuer may still have payment obligations in 
respect of any outstanding portion of the Securities. 
3. 
Cash Settlement 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, then where Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the Issue Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(b)(iv)(x) above applies, the Issuer shall 
give notice (such notice a "Cash Settlement Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
13, and, where "Credit Linked Redemption" is specified as applicable, subject to these Credit Linked Conditions, 
in particular Credit Linked Condition 1, redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Securities, each Credit 
Linked Security being redeemed by the Issuer at the Credit Event Redemption Amount in the relevant Credit 
Linked Specified Currency on the Credit Event Redemption Date. 
If Cash Settlement applies and "Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and Restructuring is the only 
Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then, unless the Valuation Obligation is a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Valuation Obligation may 
be included in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio only if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a 
final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date in each case as of each 
such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements.

--- Page 282 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
282 
 
 
If Cash Settlement applies and "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and Restructuring is 
the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Valuation Obligation is a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Valuation 
Obligation may be included in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio only if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date, in each case, as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of 
the Hedging Arrangements. For the purposes of this paragraph only and notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case 
of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final 
maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final 
maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Securities become redeemable in accordance with 
this Credit Linked Condition 3, upon payment of the Credit Event Redemption Amounts in respect of the 
Securities, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the Securities and shall have no other 
liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The Credit Event Redemption Amount may be less than 
the nominal amount of a Credit Linked Security. Any shortfall shall be borne by the Securityholders and no 
liability shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor. For the avoidance of doubt, following redemption of a 
portion of the Securities in accordance with the foregoing, the Issuer may still have payment obligations in 
respect of any outstanding portion of the Securities. 
4. 
Physical Settlement 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, then where Physical Delivery is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the Issue Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(b)(iv)(y) above applies, then, subject to 
any prior redemption, the Issuer shall, following the receipt of a Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice, 
give notice (such notice a "Notice of Physical Settlement") to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13, and where "Credit Linked Redemption" is specified as applicable subject to these Credit Linked 
Conditions, in particular Credit Linked Condition 1, redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Securities, 
each Credit Linked Security being redeemed by the Issuer by the Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Entitlement on the Credit Settlement Date, subject to and in accordance with the General 
Conditions and these Credit Linked Conditions. Where Asset Package Delivery applies, the provisions of the 
second paragraph of the definition of “Deliver” shall apply and the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment 
in relation to provisions for physical delivery and determination of the Entitlement to take account of the relevant 
Asset Package. 
In the Notice of Physical Settlement, the Issuer shall specify the Deliverable Obligations comprising the 
Entitlement that it reasonably expects to Deliver. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be entitled to select 
any of the Deliverable Obligations to constitute the Entitlement, irrespective of their market value. The Notice of 
Physical Settlement shall include (i) details of the relevant Reference Entity, (ii) the Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, or the equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case the 
relevant "Outstanding Amount") and, if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation. The 
aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement that 
the Issuer intends to Deliver shall be the relevant "Aggregate Outstanding Amount". 
The Issuer may, from time to time, amend a Notice of Physical Settlement by delivering a notice to Securityholders 
in accordance with General Condition 13, (each such notification, a "Physical Settlement Amendment Notice") 
that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or a prior Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant 
Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice is 
effective). A Physical Settlement Amendment Notice shall specify each replacement Deliverable Obligation that 
the Issuer will Deliver (each, a "Replacement Deliverable Obligation") and shall also specify the Outstanding 
Amount of each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced (with respect to each such Deliverable 
Obligation, the "Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount"). The Outstanding Amount of each 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in the Physical Settlement Amendment Notice shall be determined 
by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. 
The Outstanding Amount of the Replacement Deliverable Obligation(s) specified in any Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice in aggregate with the Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligation(s) specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any earlier Physical Settlement Amendment Notice which, in each case, are not 
being replaced must not be greater than the Aggregate Outstanding Amount. Each such Physical Settlement

--- Page 283 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
283 
 
 
Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior to the Credit Settlement Date (determined without reference to 
any change resulting from such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the 
Issuer may correct any errors or inconsistencies contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
13, prior to the relevant Delivery Date; and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, the Issuer shall on the 
PSN Effective Date, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter (but in any case, prior to the Delivery Date), 
notify the Securityholders (in accordance with General Condition 13) of the detailed description of the Asset 
Package, if any, that the Issuer will Deliver in lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, it being understood in each case that any such notice of correction shall not constitute a Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice. 
If Physical Settlement applies and "Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and Restructuring is the 
only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then, unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may 
be included in the Entitlement only if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not 
later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date in each case as of each such date as the 
Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. 
If Physical Settlement applies and "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and Restructuring 
is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable 
Obligation may be included in the Entitlement only if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (ii) has 
a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, 
as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. For 
the purposes of this paragraph only and notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan 
with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan 
shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan 
immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Securities become redeemable in accordance with 
this Credit Linked Condition 4, upon Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations and/or payment of the Partial 
Cash Settlement Amounts, as the case may be, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the 
Securities and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. The value of such 
Deliverable Obligations and/or the Partial Cash Settlement Amount, as the case may be, may be less than the 
nominal amount of a Credit Linked Security. Any shortfall shall be borne by the Securityholders and no liability 
shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor. For the avoidance of doubt, following redemption of a portion of 
the Securities in accordance with the foregoing, the Issuer may still have payment obligations in respect of any 
outstanding portion of the Securities. 
5. 
Accrual of Interest 
(a) 
Where "Credit Linked Interest" is specified in the Issue Terms to not apply or the Credit Linked Conditions are 
specified in the Issue Terms not to apply to any interest provisions of the Securities then, notwithstanding the 
occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, for such purposes, each Security will continue to bear interest 
in accordance with General Condition 4(h) up to but excluding the Scheduled Maturity Date (with such date being 
deemed to be the final Interest Payment Date). 
(b) 
If "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable but "Credit Linked Redemption" is not applicable, then notwithstanding 
"Credit Linked Redemption" is not applicable, any notice that the Issuer would be obliged under the Credit Linked 
Conditions to provide to Securityholders if "Credit Linked Redemption" were applicable, shall nevertheless be 
provided to Securityholders unless the Calculation Agent determines that such notice is not relevant given "Credit 
Linked Redemption" is not applicable. 
(c) 
Where the Securities are Single Reference Entity Securities, First-to-Default Credit Linked Securities, or Nth-to-
Default Credit Linked Securities, and "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable in the Issue Terms, then, subject as 
provided in paragraph (d) in respect of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities, if and to the extent that: 
(i) 
"Accrual of Interest up to Credit Event" is specified in the Issue Terms as not applicable to any interest 
provisions of the Securities then, notwithstanding General Condition 4(h), each Security to which the

--- Page 284 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
284 
 
 
Credit Linked Conditions apply shall, to the extent to which "Credit Linked Interest" is expressed to 
apply to such Securities, cease to bear interest from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
the Credit Event Determination Date, or if the Credit Event Determination Date is an Interest Payment 
Date such Interest Payment Date, or, if the Credit Event Determination Date falls prior to the first Interest 
Payment Date, no interest shall accrue on the Securities; or 
(ii) 
"Accrual of Interest up to Credit Event" is specified in the Issue Terms as applicable to any interest 
provisions of the Securities then, notwithstanding General Condition 4(h), each Security to which the 
Credit Linked Conditions apply shall, to the extent to which "Credit Linked Interest" is expressed to 
apply to such Securities, cease to bear interest from the Credit Event Determination Date; and 
provided that, in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) if: 
(x) 
Credit Linked Condition 6, Credit Linked Condition 7 or Credit Linked Condition 8 applies in respect of 
the Securities and, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 6, a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred 
on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 7, 
a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date or, in the case of Credit 
Linked Condition 8, a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date, 
as the case may be; and/or 
(y) 
Credit Linked Condition 9 applies in respect of the Securities and a Credit Event Determination Date or 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition, as applicable, has not occurred or are not satisfied on 
or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date, 
then to the extent that "Credit Linked Interest" is expressed to apply to the Securities, interest will accrue as 
provided in Credit Linked Condition 6, Credit Linked Condition 7, Credit Linked Condition 8 or Credit Linked 
Condition 9, as the case may be. 
(d) 
Where the Securities are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities and "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable, no 
interest adjustment in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 5 will occur until such time as a Trigger has 
occurred. As of the day on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Trigger has occurred, then the Credit 
Event Determination Date will be deemed to have occurred only on such day. 
(e) 
Where the Securities are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Securities to which Credit Payment on Maturity applies, Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, 
Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or Long/Short Credit 
Linked Securities, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any specified Reference Entity 
and "Credit Linked Interest" is specified as applicable then, in respect of each Credit Linked Security unless the 
Credit Linked Security is a Zero Coupon Security, the interest calculation basis described in paragraph (g) below 
will apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt paragraph (e) above will apply in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which 
a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred. 
(f) 
Where the Securities are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Securities to which Credit Payment As You Go applies and "Credit Linked Interest" is specified as 
applicable then, if a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of any specified Reference Entity: 
(i) the Issuer shall give notice in each case that a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred (such notice a 
"Settlement Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 and (ii) in respect of each 
Credit Linked Security unless the Credit Linked Security is a Zero Coupon Security, the interest calculation basis 
described in paragraph (g) below will apply. 
For the avoidance of doubt paragraph (f) above will apply in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which 
a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred. 
Any delay in the delivery of a Settlement Notice or failure by the Issuer to deliver a Settlement Notice shall not 
affect the validity of the Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the affected Reference Entity. 
(g) 
In the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Index Credit Linked Securities or Long/Short Credit 
Linked Securities, each Security will bear interest pursuant to, and in accordance with, General Condition 4, and

--- Page 285 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
285 
 
 
for such purposes the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities shall be deemed to be the Adjusted 
Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount or, in the case of each of General Condition 4(a)(y) or 4(b)(v)(B), the 
Calculation Amount shall be deemed to be each Security's pro rata share of the Adjusted Credit Outstanding 
Nominal Amount, in each case on the relevant Interest Payment Date or the relevant date for payment pursuant to 
Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph (g) is intended to apply to 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Index Credit Linked Securities or Long/Short Credit Linked Securities 
which are Zero Coupon Securities, subject to the provisions of paragraph (h) below.    
(h) 
For these purposes "Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount" means, on any Interest Payment Date or 
date for payment pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9, or 11: 
(i) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Securities (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount multiplied by the Credit Multiplier 
minus (ii) the product of (a) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount multiplied by the Credit 
Multiplier and (b) a fraction with (x) the original aggregate Reference Entity Notional Amounts of 
Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred on or prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date or date for payment pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11, 
as the case may be, as numerator and (y) the original aggregate Reference Entity Notional Amounts of 
the original number of Reference Entities to which the Securities related, in each case as of the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Securities, as denominator; 
(ii) 
in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[[𝑎𝑔𝑔𝑟𝑒𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑜𝑢𝑡𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑎𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡∗𝐶𝑀] ∗ (1 − (
1
𝐻−𝐿) ∗𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐻−𝐿; 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝑁−𝐿; 0]])] 
Where, 
"CM" means the Credit Multiplier; 
"H" means the higher tranche level, expressed as a number of Reference Entities as specified in the Issue 
Terms; 
"L" means the lower tranche level, expressed as a number of Reference Entities as specified in the Issue 
Terms; and 
"N" means the number of Reference Entities for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred; 
or 
(iii) 
in the case of Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula: 
[[𝑎𝑔𝑔𝑟𝑒𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑜𝑢𝑡𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑎𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡∗𝐶𝑀] ∗ (1 − (
1
𝐸𝑃−𝐴𝑃) ∗𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐸𝑃−𝐴𝑃; 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐴𝐿𝑃−𝐴𝑃; 0]])] 
Where, 
"ALP" means the Aggregate Loss Percentage; 
"AP" means the Attachment Point; 
"CM" means the Credit Multiplier; 
"EP" means the Exhaustion Point. 
(iv) 
In the case of Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 286 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
286 
 
 
[[𝑎𝑔𝑔𝑟𝑒𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑜𝑢𝑡𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑎𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡∗𝐶𝑀] ∗ ∑𝐶𝑊𝑍∗
𝑧
𝑙…𝑧
(1 − (
1
𝐸𝑃𝑧−𝐴𝑃𝑧) ∗𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐸𝑃𝑧−𝐴𝑃𝑧; 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐴𝐿𝑃𝑧−𝐴𝑃𝑧; 0]])] 
"ALPz" means the Aggregate Loss Percentagez in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz being 
the Aggregate Loss Percentage determined in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz; 
"APz" means the Attachment Pointz in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the 
Issue Terms; 
"CWz" is the "Component Weightingz" of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the Issue 
Terms; 
"EPz" means the Exhaustion Pointz in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the 
Issue Terms; and 
"z" means the number of Basket Tranched Index Components comprising the Basket Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Securities; 
(v) 
In the case of Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to 
be equal to the amount that would be: 
(i) 
where the Long Exposure comprises Single Reference Entity Exposure, First-to-Default 
Exposure, or Nth-to-Default Exposure: 
(A) 
prior to the date on which such Long Exposure would cease to accrue interest under 
paragraph (c) above if, as applicable, a Single Reference Entity Exposure were Single 
Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities, a First-to-Default Exposure were First-to-
Default Credit Linked Securities and a Nth-to-Default Exposure were Nth-to-Default 
Credit Linked Securities, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Securities; 
and 
(B) 
on or after the date on which such Long Exposure would cease to accrue interest under 
paragraph (c) above if, as applicable, a Single Reference Entity Exposure were Single 
Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities, a First-to-Default Exposure were First-to-
Default Credit Linked Securities and a Nth-to-Default Exposure were Nth-to-Default 
Credit Linked Securities, zero; or 
(ii) 
where the Long Exposure comprises Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, Non-Tranched 
Index Exposure, Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, Tranched Index Exposure or Basket 
Tranched Index Exposure, the Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount of the Securities 
determined by the Calculation Agent as if 
(A) 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount was equal to the Long Nominal Amount; 
and 
(B) 
as applicable, a Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure were Non-Tranched Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Securities, a Non-Tranched Index Exposure were Non-Tranched 
Index Credit Linked Securities, a Tranched Linear Basket Exposure were Tranched 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, a Tranched Index Exposure were Tranched 
Index Credit Linked Securities or a Basket Tranched Index Exposure were Basket 
Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities; 
and paragraphs (h)(i) to (iv) were construed accordingly. 
6. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
If "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as a Credit Event in the Issue Terms, the provisions of this Credit Linked 
Condition 6 shall apply.

--- Page 287 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
287 
 
 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date or any 
Interest Payment Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) but the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition has been satisfied on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date or any Interest Payment Date or, if 
Credit Linked Condition 9(a)(y) applies, the Postponed Maturity Date or Postponed Interest Payment Date (as 
defined in Credit Linked Condition 9) and the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date in respect of such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may, in the sole determination of the Calculation Agent, fall after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date, then the Calculation Agent shall notify the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred 
and the maturity of the Securities and/or relevant interest payment will be delayed and: 
(a) 
in relation to such event as of the Scheduled Maturity Date, where a Repudiation/Moratorium has not 
occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date: 
(i) 
each nominal amount of Credit Linked Securities equal to the Calculation Amount will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day following 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if later, the Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Securities and to the extent that the "Credit Linked 
Interest" is stated to be applicable to such Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest 
(if any) calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such 
payment of interest on the fifth Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date or, if later, the Postponed Maturity Date and no further or other amount in respect of 
interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Securities which are Zero Coupon Securities, no amount in addition 
to the Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(b) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date and a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, 
the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 1, Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or 
Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Securities; or 
(c) 
in relation to such event as of an Interest Payment Date and where "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable, 
the Calculation Agent may delay the relevant amount of interest which would otherwise be payable on 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. In this case where (i) a Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on 
or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date then the relevant amount of interest shall be 
payable on the second Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if later, 
the Postponed Interest Payment Date but no additional interest will be payable in respect of the relevant 
delay and for the avoidance of doubt no amendment will be made to any Interest Period or basis of 
calculation of the relevant amount of interest, other than as described above; or (ii) where a 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date and a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred thereafter, the relevant amount of interest will be adjusted 
accordingly and may be zero and will be payable on the second Business Day following the applicable 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or, if later, the Postponed Interest Payment Date. 
7. 
Grace Period Extension 
If "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms (or applies pursuant to application of the 
Physical Settlement Matrix), the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 7 shall apply. 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date or any 
Interest Payment Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) but, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect to one or more Obligation(s) in respect of which a 
Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date or relevant Interest Payment Date 
(determined by reference to the Relevant Time) (and such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date), then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and the maturity of the 
Securities and/or relevant interest payment will be delayed and:

--- Page 288 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
288 
 
 
(a) 
in relation to a Potential Failure to Pay existing as of the Scheduled Maturity Date, where a Failure to 
Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date: 
(i) 
each nominal amount of Credit Linked Securities equal to the Calculation Amount will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day following 
the Grace Period Extension Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Securities and to the extent that the "Credit Linked 
Interest" is applicable, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest calculated as provided herein, 
accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the fifth Business 
Day following the Grace Period Extension Date and no further or other amount in respect of 
interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Securities which are Zero Coupon Securities, no amount in addition 
to the Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(b) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, to the extent that the Credit Linked Conditions are stated to apply to 
such Securities and "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 
1, Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, 
shall apply to the Credit Linked Securities; or 
(c) 
in relation to such event as of an Interest Payment Date and where "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable, 
the Calculation Agent may delay the relevant amount of interest which would otherwise be payable on 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. In this case where (i) a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior to 
the Grace Period Extension Date then the relevant amount of interest shall be payable on the second 
Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date but no additional interest will be payable in 
respect of the relevant delay and for the avoidance of doubt no amendment will be made to any Interest 
Period or basis of calculation of the relevant amount of interest, other than as described above; or (ii) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred thereafter, the relevant amount of interest will be adjusted accordingly 
and may be zero and will be payable on the second Business Day following the applicable Grace Period 
Extension Date. 
8. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the Credit 
Observation End Date or any Interest Payment Date and the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
not made its determination on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or any Interest Payment Date (determined 
by reference to the Relevant Time) then the Calculation Agent shall notify Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 that the Maturity Date (where "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable) or relevant 
Interest Payment Date (where "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable) has been postponed to a date (the "DC 
Determination Cut-off Date") being the day falling (i) (a) if the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves that a Credit Event has occurred, fifteen (15) Business Days following the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or (b) if the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has not 
occurred, the second Business Day following the relevant DC No Credit Event Announcement or, if later (ii) 
fifteen (15) Business Days following the DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, and: 
(a) 
in the case of the Maturity Date, where a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC 
Determination Cut-off Date: 
(i) 
each nominal amount of Credit Linked Securities equal to the Calculation Amount will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day following 
the DC Determination Cut-off Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Securities and to the extent that the "Credit Linked 
Interest" is applicable to such Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest calculated as 
provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately

--- Page 289 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
289 
 
 
preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or if none the Interest Commencement Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of 
interest on the fifth Business Day following the DC Determination Cut-off Date and no further 
or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable 
in respect of such delay; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Securities which are Zero Coupon Securities, no amount in addition 
to the Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(b) 
where a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date and a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred and where "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, to the extent that 
the Credit Linked Conditions are stated to apply to such Securities, the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 1, Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as 
applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Securities; or 
(c) 
in relation to such event as of an Interest Payment Date and where "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable, 
the Calculation Agent may delay the relevant amount of interest which would otherwise be payable on 
the relevant Interest Payment Date. In this case where (i) a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to 
the DC Determination Cut-off Date then the relevant amount of interest shall be payable on the second 
Business Day following the DC Determination Cut-off Date but no additional interest will be payable in 
respect of the relevant delay and for the avoidance of doubt no amendment will be made to any Interest 
Period or basis of calculation of the relevant amount of interest, other than as described above; or (ii) 
where a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date and a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred thereafter, the relevant amount of interest will be adjusted accordingly 
and may be zero and will be payable on the second Business Day following the applicable DC 
Determination Cut-off Date. 
9. 
Maturity Date/Interest Payment Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked Securities 
(a) 
The following provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 9 apply to Credit Linked Securities and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, may be applied on more than one occasion. The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 9 
shall only apply to postpone any payment of principal in respect of the Maturity Date if "Credit Linked 
Redemption" is applicable and/or to postpone any payment of interest in respect of any Interest Payment Date if 
"Credit Linked Interest" is applicable. 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 11, if: 
(x) 
on (A) the Scheduled Maturity Date or any Interest Payment Date, (B), if applicable, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, (C) if Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the 
Issue Terms, the Grace Period Extension Date, (D) the last day of the Notice Delivery Period or (E) the 
DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred 
but, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Credit Event or Potential Credit Event may have 
occurred or may occur; or 
(y) 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date or any Interest Payment Date, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may have occurred or may occur, 
the Calculation Agent may at its option notify the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 that 
the Maturity Date, the relevant Interest Payment Date, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, the Grace 
Period Extension Date, the last day of the Notice Delivery Period or the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the 
case may be, has been postponed to a date (such date the "Postponed Maturity Date" or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date, the "Postponed Interest Payment Date") specified in such notice falling fifteen (15) Business 
Days after the Credit Observation End Date, the relevant Interest Payment Date, the relevant 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or Grace Period Extension Date, or the last day of the Notice Delivery 
Period or the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, or if such day is not a Business Day the 
immediately succeeding Business Day, and: 
where:

--- Page 290 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
290 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(a)(x), a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on 
or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or relevant Postponed Interest Payment Date or, in the case of 
Credit Linked Condition 9(a)(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied on or 
prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or relevant Postponed Interest Payment Date: 
(ii) 
subject as provided below, in the case of a Postponed Maturity Date each Security will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount on the fifth Business Day following the Postponed Maturity 
Date; and 
(iii) 
in the case of a Postponed Maturity Date and interest bearing Credit Linked Securities, to the extent that 
"Credit Linked Interest" is applicable to such Securities, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest 
calculated as provided herein accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only be obliged to make such payment of interest on the fifth 
Business Day following the Postponed Maturity Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest 
shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(iv) 
in the case of a Postponed Interest Payment Date, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay the relevant amount 
of interest on the second Business Day following the Postponed Interest Payment Date and no further or 
other amounts in respect of interest shall be payable as a result of such delay; or 
(v) 
in the case of Credit Linked Securities which are Zero Coupon Securities, no amount in addition to the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(b) 
where: 
(i) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(a)(x), a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred on or 
prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or relevant Postponed Interest Payment Date and where "Credit 
Linked Redemption" is applicable, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 1, Credit Linked Condition 
2, Credit Linked Condition 3 or Credit Linked Condition 4, as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked 
Securities; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(a)(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is 
satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Maturity Date or relevant Postponed Interest Payment Date and 
where "Credit Linked Redemption" is applicable, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 1 or Credit 
Linked Condition 6 shall apply to the Credit Linked Securities. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Credit Linked Conditions, no Credit Event may occur after the 
Credit Observation End Date unless that Credit Event occurs as a result of and is related to a Potential Failure to 
Pay, a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or a Credit Event Resolution Request Date which occurred on or prior 
to the Credit Observation End Date 
10. 
Partial Cash Settlement 
If all or a portion of the Obligations comprising the Entitlement are Undeliverable Obligations and/or Hedge 
Disruption Obligations, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Partial Cash Settlement Notice") to the Securityholders 
in accordance with General Condition 13 and the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Undeliverable Obligation 
and/or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, the Partial Cash Settlement Amount on the Partial Cash 
Settlement Date. 
In the Partial Cash Settlement Notice, the Issuer must give details of why it is unable to deliver the relevant 
Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, for the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 10 only the 
following terms shall be defined as follows and such definitions will apply notwithstanding other definitions of 
such terms in Credit Linked Condition 13: 
"Indicative Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably practicable) an amount of the Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, equal to the Quotation Amount, which reflects

--- Page 291 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
291 
 
 
such Quotation Dealer's reasonable assessment of the price of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, based on such factors as such Quotation Dealer may consider relevant, which may 
include historical prices and recovery rates. 
"Market Value" means, with respect to an Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case 
may be, on a Valuation Date, (i) if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such 
Full Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall 
be disregarded); (ii) if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding 
the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value 
or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (iii) if exactly two Full 
Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (iv) if fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (v) if Indicative 
Quotations are specified as applying in the Issue Terms and exactly three Indicative Quotations are obtained, the 
Indicative Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Indicative Quotations (and, if more than 
one such Indicative Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Indicative 
Quotations shall be disregarded); (vi) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average 
Quotation is obtained (and, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than three Indicative Quotations are 
obtained) then, subject to paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the next Business Day on which at least two Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation or, if applicable, three Indicative Quotations are obtained; and (vii) if fewer than two Full Quotations 
are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained (and, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer 
than three Indicative Quotations are obtained) on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day 
following the Valuation Date the Market Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at 
the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any 
firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) for the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business 
Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and 
a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations (or, if applicable, 
Indicative Quotations) were not obtained on such day. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Amount" is deemed to be, for an Undeliverable Obligation or a Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of (i) (A) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable Amount or the Currency Amount, as applicable, of each 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, multiplied by (B) the Final Price 
with respect to such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, determined as provided in this 
Credit Linked Condition less if applicable (C) a pro rata share of Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any Unwind 
Costs already taken into account in calculating the relevant Entitlement), and (ii) zero provided that where (i) the 
relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation forms part of the Asset Package and the 
Calculation Agent determines in its sole discretion that a Final Price cannot reasonably be determined in respect 
of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, then the Partial Cash Settlement Amount will 
be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion equal to the fair market value of the relevant 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation less Unwind Costs. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Date" is deemed to be the date falling three Business Days after the calculation of the 
Final Price. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation and, if Indicative Quotations are 
specified as applying in the Issue Terms, each Indicative Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the relevant Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date from 
five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full 
Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next 
following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day 
following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers, and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted 
Average Quotation. If two or more such Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not 
available on any such Business Day and Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the Issue

--- Page 292 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
292 
 
 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain three Indicative Quotations from five or more 
Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation (or, if Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the Issue Terms, three Indicative 
Quotations) on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation 
Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the 
Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of 
any firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) for the Undeliverable Obligation or the 
Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time 
on such tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which 
such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation 
Amount for which firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) were not obtained on such 
day. 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market practice in the market of the 
relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, whether such 
Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. All Quotations shall be obtained in 
accordance with this determination. 
"Quotation Amount" is deemed to be, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount equal to at least the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being 
obtained), as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be. 
"Quotation Method" is deemed to be Bid. 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as Not applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case the 
Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms (or no election is 
specified in the Issue Terms), (ii) there is no Standard Reference Obligation and either (iii) "Initially 
none" is specified in the Issue Terms in respect of the Reference Obligation, or (iv) a Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is specified in the Issue Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard 
Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that 
the Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms (or no election is 
specified in the Issue Terms), the Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and the 
Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be the 
Reference Obligation and the Calculation Agent will select as a substitute Reference Obligation any 
Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level, provided that, if 
there is no Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level, the 
Calculation Agent may select any Deliverable Obligation as a substitute Reference Obligation. 
In addition: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may at any time (x) replace the Reference Obligation with any 
Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level from 
time to time, provided that, if there is no Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority 
as the relevant Seniority Level, the Calculation Agent may select any Deliverable Obligation as 
the replacement Reference Obligation or (y) where there is no Reference Obligation, including 
for the avoidance of doubt where "Initially none" is specified in the Issue Terms in respect of 
the Reference Obligation, select any Deliverable Obligation as the Reference Obligation; and

--- Page 293 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
293 
 
 
(ii) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms (or no election 
is specified in the Issue Terms) and a new obligation is placed on the SRO List in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity, then the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, select the new 
Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity as the Reference Obligation. 
The provisions of this definition may be applied by the Calculation Agent on more than one 
occasion and are without prejudice to the right of the Calculation Agent to determine a 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Without prejudice to the paragraphs above: 
(a) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Securities (or Long/Short Credit Linked Securities referencing 
such Index), the Reference Obligation will be the Reference Obligation (if any) specified as such opposite 
the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex, subject to the definition of "Substitute Reference 
Obligation" below and the following paragraph: 
If there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement Reference 
Obligation for a Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent will select such Reference Obligation as the 
Reference Obligation hereunder for such Reference Entity rather than applying the provisions of the 
definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" above; and 
(b) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Securities (or Long/Short Credit Linked Securities referencing 
such Index), the Reference Obligation will be the Reference Obligation (if any) specified as such in the 
Index and specified opposite the Reference Entity in the Index Annex, subject as provided in paragraph 
(b) of the definition of "Index Annex" below and to the "Substitute Reference Obligation" provisions 
herein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of paragraphs (a) and (b) above, where there is no Reference 
Obligation specified for the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex, the provisions of paragraph 
(i)(y) above shall apply and the Calculation Agent may select any Deliverable Obligation as the 
Reference Obligation. 
"Valuation Date" means, for the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 10, the fifth Business Day after the 
Credit Settlement Date. 
"Valuation Method" is deemed to be Highest unless fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained or a Weighted 
Average Quotation applies (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations), in which case "Valuation Method" is deemed 
to be Market. 
"Valuation Time" is the time specified as such in the Issue Terms, or, if no time is so specified, 11:00 a.m. in the 
principal trading market for the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may 
be. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted average of firm 
quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for 
an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, with an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available but less 
than the Quotation Amount that in aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
11. 
Settlement Suspension 
(a) 
Suspension 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 9, if, following the determination of a Credit Event Determination 
Date but prior to the Credit Settlement Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date, there is a DC Credit 
Event Meeting Announcement, the Calculation Agent may, at its option, determine that the applicable timing 
requirements of this Credit Linked Condition 11 and the definitions of Credit Event Redemption Date, Valuation 
Date, Physical Settlement Period and PSN Cut-off Date, and any other Credit Linked Condition provision(s) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, shall toll and be suspended and remain suspended (such period of 
suspension, a "Suspension Period") until the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal. During such suspension period none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any

--- Page 294 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
294 
 
 
Securityholder are obliged to, nor are they entitled to, take any action in connection with the settlement of the 
Securities. Once the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has 
occurred, the relevant timing requirements of the Credit Linked Conditions that have previously tolled or been 
suspended shall resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the 
Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began in accordance with 
this Credit Linked Condition 11. 
In the event of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may make (x) such consequential or other 
adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to the General Conditions and these Credit Linked Conditions 
as may be desirable or required either during or following any relevant Suspension Period to account for or reflect 
such suspension and (y) determine the effective date of such adjustment(s) or determination(s). 
(b) 
Interest 
In the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Securities to the extent that "Credit Linked Interest" is applicable as 
specified in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
if a Suspension Period falls in any one or more Interest Period(s), then no interest (or any interest on any 
delayed payment of interest) shall accrue during each portion of an Interest Period during which a 
Suspension Period exists; and 
(ii) 
if an Interest Payment Date falls in a Suspension Period, such Interest Payment Date will be deferred 
until such date as determined by the Calculation Agent falling no earlier than the first Payment Day and 
no later than the fifth Payment Day following the end of the Suspension Period, all subject to the 
provisions of General Condition 5 and Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7 and 8. 
12. 
Redemption following a Merger Event 
If "Merger Event" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, in the event that in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 13 and redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Securities and pay in respect of 
each Credit Linked Security, the Merger Event Redemption Amount on the Merger Event Redemption Date in 
each case as specified in the Issue Terms. 
13. 
Definitions applicable to Credit Linked Securities 
"2.5-year Limitation Date" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation Date". 
"10-year Limitation Date" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation Date". 
"Accrued Interest" means for the purpose of these Credit Linked Conditions: 
(a) 
in respect of any Securities for which "Physical Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in 
the Issue Terms (or for which Physical Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2), the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable 
Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued but unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" 
is specified in the Issue Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable 
Obligations being Delivered will include accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its reasonable discretion); 
(b) 
in respect of any Securities for which "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the applicable Settlement 
Method in the Issue Terms (or for which Cash Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2), and: 
(i) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the Issue Terms, the Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the Valuation Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the Issue Terms, the Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the Valuation Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or

--- Page 295 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
295 
 
 
(iii) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the Issue 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market practice in the 
market of the Valuation Obligation whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation 
Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount 
thereof; or 
(c) 
if Credit Linked Condition 10 applies, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current 
market practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation 
(as applicable), whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
"Aggregate Loss Percentage" means: 
(a) 
if "Zero Recovery" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the sum of the Reference Entity 
Weightings for each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred; and 
(b) 
if "FP Recovery" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, a percentage calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to: 
[(∑𝑹𝑬𝑾𝑨,𝒊
𝒏
𝒍…𝒏
× (𝟏𝟎𝟎% −𝐅𝐏𝑨,𝒊))] 
Expressed in words, this is (a) the sum of, in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, the product of (i) the Reference Entity Weighting and (ii) 100 per cent. minus 
the Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price (as applicable), expressed as a percentage. 
Where 
"FP" is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, with FPA,i being 
such value in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred; 
"n" is the number of Reference Entities for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred; and 
"REWAi" means the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred; 
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other consent 
fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid or provided by the 
Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of being realised in circumstances 
where the right and/or other asset no longer exists). 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by reference 
to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion received 
or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event (which may include 
the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is 
offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset 
Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means:

--- Page 296 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
296 
 
 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable 
in the Issue Terms: 
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms and such Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental 
Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, 
a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or 
the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Asset Package Delivery" will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset Package 
Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit Event specified 
in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the Credit Event Determination Date, 
or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, either (a) no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to 
such Asset Package Credit Event or (b) Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms (by operation of the Physical Settlement Matrix or otherwise). 
"Attachment Point" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms 
"Auction" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Covered Transaction" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Final Price" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Settlement Date" shall mean the date that is the number of Business Days as shall be specified in the 
relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business 
Days) immediately following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. 
"Auction Settlement Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 2. 
"Bankruptcy" means the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or 
administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation

--- Page 297 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
297 
 
 
or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty (30) calendar days of 
the institution or presentation thereof or before the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Credit Linked 
Securities), whichever is earlier; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially 
all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty (30) calendar days thereafter or before the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Credit Linked Securities), whichever is earlier; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (g). 
"Basket Tranched Index Component" means, in respect of any Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, 
each "Basket Tranched Index Component" indicated as such in the Issue Terms and having the Component 
Weighting, Attachment Point, Exhaustion Point and Index as indicated in the Issue Terms. 
"Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities" means Credit Linked Securities indicated as such in the 
Issue Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of a basket of more than 
one Basket Tranched Index Component. 
"Calculation Agent City Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the Calculation Agent City specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice" means a notice by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer containing material information required to be included in a Physical Settlement Amendment Notice to be 
given by the Issuer. 
"Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
containing material information required to be included in a Notice of Physical Settlement to be given by the 
Issuer. 
"Cash Settlement Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 3. 
"CDX Index Credit Linked Securities" means Securities which are either CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Securities or CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities. 
"CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities" means Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities 
indicated as such in the Issue Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect 
of the Index. 
"CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities" means Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or Basket 
Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities indicated as such in the Issue Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit 
protection from Securityholders in respect of a particular tranche of the Index. 
"Component Weighting" means, in respect of any Basket Tranched Index Component, the percentage specified 
as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case 
of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without the consent of any 
person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case as of each such 
date the Calculation Agent determines appropriate for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements provided, however, 
that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding 
that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the

--- Page 298 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
298 
 
 
consent of the relevant obligor if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent 
is required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide 
that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, 
assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, 
clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent 
for purposes of this definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation below. 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
published by ISDA, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at https://www.isda.org/ or any 
successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" (and each a "Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee") means each committee established pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC 
Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions. 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of any one or more of the Credit Events specified in the Issue Terms which 
may include Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, 
Restructuring or Governmental Intervention. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether 
or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation or, 
as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any 
change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or 
judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
"Credit Event Amount" means, in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Index Credit Linked 
Securities to which Credit Payment As You Go applies, following the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination 
Date in respect of any Reference Entity (i) the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms or (ii) a Security's pro 
rata share of the amount (which may be zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(RENA × FP) −UC 
where: 
"RENA" is the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of the affected Reference Entity; 
"FP" is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, in respect of the 
affected Reference Entity; 
"UC" is Unwind Costs. 
Expressed in words, this is (1) the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of the affected 
Reference Entity and the Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, in respect 
of the affected Reference Entity minus (2) the Unwind Costs.

--- Page 299 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
299 
 
 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means: 
(a) 
for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or with respect to a Repudiation/Moratorium, 
if applicable, the event described in paragraph (b) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium), as 
determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is sixty (60) calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period, the Notice Delivery Date; 
and 
(ii) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Post Dismissal Additional Period, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date; and 
provided that, if so specified in the Issue Terms, such date, will be in all cases the later to occur of (A) the Trade 
Date and (B) the Credit Event Backstop Date that is determined pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) above; or  
(c) 
the date specified as such in the Issue Terms.  
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
"Credit Event Determination Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event with respect to which: 
(a) 
Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method or in any event in the case of a Tranched Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Security, a Tranched Index Credit Linked Security, a Zero/Set Recovery Security, 
a Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Security or a Long/Short Credit Linked Security: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (a)(ii) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date if the Notice Delivery 
Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, 
provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event 
specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a)(i) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, 
if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date 
has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the 
Trade Date) and either: 
(i) 
(1) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off 
Date; or 
(ii) 
(1) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective on or prior to the Exercise 
Cut-off Date, 
provided that no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit Event has 
previously been delivered unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also 
the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, or the Calculation Agent otherwise determines this is consistent with the Issuer's Hedging 
Arrangements, or 
(b) 
if paragraph (a) of this definition does not apply, the Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date.

--- Page 300 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
300 
 
 
Provided further that no Credit Event Determination Date will occur, and any Credit Event Determination 
Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred, if, or to the 
extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, the Credit Settlement 
Date, the Credit Event Redemption Date or the Maturity Date as applicable, a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement occurs with respect to the relevant event. 
If, in accordance with the provisions above, (i) following the determination of a Credit Event 
Determination Date, such Credit Event Determination Date is deemed (A) to have occurred on a date 
that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the Credit Event Determination Date 
or (B) not to have occurred or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date is deemed to have occurred prior 
to one or more preceding Interest Payment Dates, the Calculation Agent will determine (1) such 
adjustment(s) to these Credit Linked Conditions (including any adjustment to payment amounts) as may 
be required to reflect (I) such deemed date of occurrence or (II) such deemed non-occurrence, of such 
Credit Event Determination Date and (2) the effective date of such adjustment(s). For the avoidance of 
doubt, no accruals of interest shall be taken into account when calculating any adjustment to payment 
amounts. 
Where the Securities are First-to-Default Credit Linked Securities or Long/Short Credit-Linked 
Securities including a First-to-Default Exposure, a Credit Event Determination Date shall be deemed to 
occur with respect to the Securities on the first occasion a Credit Event Determination Date occurs with 
respect to any Reference Entity (the "First Reference Entity"). Where the Securities are First-to-Default 
Credit Linked Securities or Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities or Long/Short Credit-Linked 
Securities including a First-to-Default Exposure or Nth-to-Default Exposure and a Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs with respect to more than one Reference Entity on the same day, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its sole discretion the order in which such Credit Event 
Determination Dates occur. 
"Credit Event Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the Calculation Agent has 
the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event 
Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Credit Observation End Date must 
relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination 
that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice need not be 
continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. A Credit Event Notice shall be subject to the 
requirements regarding notices set out in General Condition 13. 
"Credit Event Payment Date" means in relation to any Credit Event Amount the day falling the number of 
Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, three 
Business Days) following (x) the calculation of the relevant Final Price or Auction Final Price, as applicable or 
(y) in the case of Zero/Set Recovery Securities, the Credit Event Determination Date. 
"Credit Event Redemption Amount" means, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities, First-to-Default Credit Linked Securities 
and Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
each Security's pro rata share of: 
[(RENA ×  FP) –  UC] + 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 
Expressed in words, this is the sum of (a), (1) the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and 
the Final Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable minus (2) the Unwind 
Costs and (b) if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Protected Amount. 
(b) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Securities to which Credit Payment on Maturity applies, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to each Security's pro rata share of:

--- Page 301 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
301 
 
 
[(∑𝑅𝐸𝑁𝐴𝑢,𝑖
𝑛
𝑙…𝑛
) + (∑𝑅𝐸𝑁𝐴𝐴,𝑖× 𝐹𝑃𝐴,𝑖
𝑛
𝑙…𝑛
) −𝑈𝐶] + 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡; 
Expressed in words, this is the sum of (a) (1) the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts in 
respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred plus (2) 
the sum of, in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred, the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and the Final Price, Auction Final Price 
or the Set/Zero Recovery Price (as applicable) minus (3) Unwind Costs and (b) if specified as applicable 
in the Issue Terms, the Protected Amount. 
(c) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Securities to which Credit Payment As You Go applies, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to a Security's pro rata share of: 
[∑𝑅𝐸𝑁𝐴𝑢,𝑖
𝑛
𝑙…𝑛
] + 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 
Expressed in words, this is the sum of (a) the Reference Entity Notional Amounts in respect of each 
Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred and (b) if specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms, the Protected Amount. 
(d) 
in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to each Security's pro rata share of: 
[[𝑎𝑔𝑔𝑟𝑒𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑜𝑢𝑡𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑎𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡∗𝐶𝑟𝑒𝑑𝑖𝑡 𝑀𝑢𝑙𝑡𝑖𝑝𝑙𝑖𝑒𝑟] ∗(1 −(
1
𝐻−𝐿) ∗𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐻−𝐿; 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝑁−𝐿; 0]])] + 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 
Expressed in words, this is the sum of (a) the product of (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of Securities multiplied by the Credit Multiplier and (ii) one minus the product of (x) the quotient of 1 as 
numerator and the number of Reference Entities specified as H (being the higher tranche level) in the 
Issue Terms minus the number of Reference Entities specified as L (being the lower tranche level) in the 
Issue Terms ("H-L") as denominator and (y) the lesser of H-L and the number, floored at zero, of 
Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred ("N") minus the 
number of Reference Entities specified as L (being the lower tranche level) in the Issue Terms and (b) if 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Protected Amount; or 
(e) 
in the case of Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to each Security's pro rata share of: 
[[𝑎𝑔𝑔𝑟𝑒𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑜𝑢𝑡𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑎𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡∗𝐶𝑀] ∗(1 −(
1
𝐸𝑃−𝐴𝑃) ∗𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐸𝑃−𝐴𝑃; 𝑀𝑎𝑥[𝐴𝐿𝑃−𝐴𝑃; 0]])] + 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 
expressed in words, this is the sum of (a) the product of (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
Securities multiplied by the Credit Multiplier and (ii) one minus the product of (x) the quotient of 1 as 
numerator and the Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point as denominator and (y) the lesser of (A) 
the Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point and (B) the number, floored at zero, equal to the 
Aggregate Loss Percentage minus the Attachment Point and (b) if specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, the Protected Amount. 
where: 
"ALP" means the Aggregate Loss Percentage; 
"AP" means the Attachment Point; 
"CM" means the Credit Multiplier;

--- Page 302 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
302 
 
 
"EP" means the Exhaustion Point; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount stated in the Issue Terms if specified as applicable; 
"RENA" is the Reference Entity Notional Amount, RENA,i being the Reference Entity Notional Amount in 
respect of any Reference Entityi, with RENAu,i being the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of any 
Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred and being deemed to be zero for 
all other Reference Entities and RENAA,i is the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of any Reference 
Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and being deemed to be zero for all other 
Reference Entities; 
"FP" is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, with FPA,i being 
such value in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred; 
"UC" is Unwind Costs; and 
"n" is the number of Reference Entities. 
(f) 
in the case of Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to each Security's pro rata share of: 
[𝑎𝑔𝑔𝑟𝑒𝑔𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝑜𝑢𝑡𝑠𝑡𝑎𝑛𝑑𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑛𝑜𝑚𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑎𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡∗𝐶𝑀] ∗∑𝐶𝑊𝑧
𝑧
𝑙…𝑧
[(1 −(
1
𝐸𝑃𝑧−𝐴𝑃𝑧) ∗𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐸𝑃𝑧−𝐴𝑃𝑧 ; 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐴𝐿𝑃𝑧−𝐴𝑃𝑧; 0]])] + 𝑃𝑟𝑜𝑡𝑒𝑐𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 
expressed in words, this is the sum of (a) the product of (i) the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of 
Securities multiplied by the Credit Multiplier and (ii) the sum in respect of each Basket Tranched Index 
Componentz of (A) the product of (I) the Component Weightingz of that Basket Tranched Index 
Componentz and (II) one minus the product of (x) the quotient of 1 as numerator and the Exhaustion 
Pointz minus the Attachment Pointz as denominator and (y) the lesser of (X) the Exhaustion Pointz minus 
the Attachment Pointz and (Y) the number, floored at zero, equal to the Aggregate Loss Percentagez 
minus the Attachment Pointz and (b) if specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Protected Amount 
where: 
"ALPz" means the Aggregate Loss Percentagez in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz being the 
Aggregate Loss Percentage determined in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz; 
"APz" means the Attachment Pointz in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the Issue 
Terms; 
"CWz" is the "Component Weightingz" of such Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the Issue 
Terms; 
"EPz" means the Exhaustion Pointz in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the Issue 
Terms; and 
"z" means the number of Basket Tranched Index Component comprising the Basket Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Securities; 
provided that, in each of paragraphs (a) to (f) above, in no event shall the Credit Event Redemption Amount be 
more than the nominal amount of the Securities multiplied by the Credit Multiplier or less than zero; 
(g) 
in the case of Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to each Security's pro rata share of the sum of the Long Redemption Amount and the Short Redemption 
Amount; provided that in no event shall such Credit Event Redemption Amount be more than the sum 
of (a) the product of the Long Nominal Amount and the LLM and (b) the product of the Short Nominal 
Amount and the SLM, or less than zero; 
where

--- Page 303 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
303 
 
 
"Basket Tranched Index Exposure" means if specified in the Issue Terms to be applicable, the credit linked 
terms applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"Calculation Percentage" means, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Reference Entity Exposure, First-to-Default Exposure and Nth-to-Default Exposure, 
a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (a) if no Credit Event Determination Date or, 
in the case of an Nth-to-Default Exposure, Trigger, has occurred, 100 per cent. or (b) otherwise: 
[(RENA ×  FP) –  UC] ÷ RENA 
Expressed as a percentage. 
Expressed in words, this is (a) (1) the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and the Final 
Price, Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable minus (2) the Unwind Costs 
divided by (b) the Reference Entity Notional Amount, expressed as a percentage. 
(b) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure or Non-Tranched Index Exposure, a percentage 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
[(∑𝑅𝐸𝑁𝐴𝑢,𝑖
𝑛
𝑙…𝑛
) + (∑𝑅𝐸𝑁𝐴𝐴,𝑖
𝑛
𝑙…𝑛
× 𝐹𝑃𝐴,𝑖) −𝑈𝐶] ÷ (∑𝑅𝐸𝑁𝐴,𝑖
𝑛
𝑙…𝑛
) 
Expressed as a percentage. 
Expressed in words, this is (A) the sum of (a) (1) the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts in 
respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred plus (2) 
the sum of, in respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred, the product of the Reference Entity Notional Amount and the Final Price, Auction Final Price 
or the Set/Zero Recovery Price (as applicable) minus (3) Unwind Costs divided by (B) the sum of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amounts in respect of all Reference Entities, expressed as a percentage. 
(c) 
in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to: 
[(1 − (
1
𝐻−𝐿) ∗𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐻−𝐿; 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝑁−𝐿; 0]])] 
Expressed as a percentage. 
Expressed in words, this is one minus the product of (x) the quotient of 1 as numerator and the number 
of Reference Entities specified as H (being the higher tranche level) in the Issue Terms minus the number 
of Reference Entities specified as L (being the lower tranche level) in the Issue Terms ("H-L") as 
denominator and (y) the lesser of H-L and the number, floored at zero, of Reference Entities in respect 
of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred ("N") minus the number of Reference Entities 
specified as L (being the lower tranche level) in the Issue Terms, expressed as a percentage. 
(d) 
in the case of Tranched Index Exposure, a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
[(1 − (
1
𝐸𝑃−𝐴𝑃) ∗𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐸𝑃−𝐴𝑃 ; 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐴𝐿𝑃−𝐴𝑃; 0]])] 
Expressed as a percentage. 
Expressed in words, this is one minus the product of (x) the quotient of 1 as numerator and the Exhaustion 
Point minus the Attachment Point as denominator and (y) the lesser of (A) the Exhaustion Point minus 
the Attachment Point and (B) the number, floored at zero, equal to the Aggregate Loss Percentage minus 
the Attachment Point, expressed as a percentage

--- Page 304 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
304 
 
 
where: 
"ALP" means the Aggregate Loss Percentage; 
"AP" means the Attachment Point; and 
"EP" means the Exhaustion Point. 
(e) 
in the case of Basket Tranched Index Exposure, a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to: 
∑𝐶𝑊𝑧
𝑧
𝑙…𝑧
[(1 −(
1
𝐸𝑃𝑧−𝐴𝑃𝑧) ∗𝑀𝑖𝑛[𝐸𝑃𝑧−𝐴𝑃𝑧 ; 𝑀𝑎𝑥 [𝐴𝐿𝑃𝑧−𝐴𝑃𝑧; 0]])] 
expressed in words, this is the sum in respect of each Basket Tranched Index Componentz of (A) the 
product of (I) the Component Weightingz of that Basket Tranched Index Componentz and (II) one minus 
the product of (x) the quotient of 1 as numerator and the Exhaustion Pointz minus the Attachment Pointz 
as denominator and (y) the lesser of (X) the Exhaustion Pointz minus the Attachment Pointz and (Y) the 
number, floored at zero, equal to the Aggregate Loss Percentagez minus the Attachment Pointz 
where: 
"ALPz" means the Aggregate Loss Percentagez in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz being 
the Aggregate Loss Percentage determined in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz; 
"APz" means the Attachment Pointz in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the 
Issue Terms; 
"CWz" is the "Component Weightingz" of such Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the 
Issue Terms; 
"EPz" means the Exhaustion Point in respect of Basket Tranched Index Componentz as indicated in the 
Issue Terms; and 
"z" means the number of Basket Tranched Index Component comprising the Basket Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Securities; 
"First-to-Default Exposure" means if specified in the Issue Terms to be applicable, the credit linked terms 
applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"FP" is the Final Price, the Auction Final Price or the Set/Zero Recovery Price, as applicable, with FPA,i being 
such value in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred; 
"LLM" means the number specified as such in the Issue Terms, if any, being the leverage multiplier in respect of 
the Long Exposure; 
"Long Nominal Amount" means at any time the product of the Long Nominal Exposure Percentage and the 
aggregate nominal amount of Securities outstanding; 
"Long Redemption Amount" equals the product of the Long Nominal Amount and the Long Calculation 
Percentage and the LLM; 
"Long Calculation Percentage" means the Calculation Percentage arising from the Long Exposure; 
"Long Exposure" means, in respect of the Long Nominal Amount and as specified in the Issue Terms, any one 
of Single Reference Entity Exposure, First-to-Default Exposure, Nth-to-Default Exposure, Non-Tranched Linear 
Basket Exposure, Non-Tranched Index Exposure, Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, Tranched Index Exposure 
or Basket Tranched Index Exposure;

--- Page 305 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
305 
 
 
"Long Nominal Exposure Percentage" means the percentage indicated as such in the Issue Terms; 
"n" is the number of Reference Entities, 
"Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure" if specified in the Issue Terms to be applicable, the credit linked 
terms applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"Non-Tranched Index Exposure" if specified in the Issue Terms to be applicable, the credit linked terms 
applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"Nth-to-Default Exposure" if specified in the Issue Terms to be applicable, the credit linked terms applicable to 
the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"RENA" is the Reference Entity Notional Amount, with RENAu,i being the Reference Entity Notional Amount in 
respect of any Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred and being deemed 
to be zero for all other Reference Entities and RENAA,i is the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of any 
Reference Entityi for which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and being deemed to be zero for all 
other Reference Entities; 
"Short Calculation Percentage" means 100 per cent. minus the Calculation Percentage arising from the Short 
Exposure; 
"Short Exposure" means, in respect of the Short Nominal Amount and as specified in the Issue Terms, any one 
of Single Reference Entity Exposure, First-to-Default Exposure, Nth-to-Default Exposure, Non-Tranched Linear 
Basket Exposure, Non-Tranched Index Exposure, Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, Tranched Index Exposure 
or Basket Tranched Index Exposure; 
"Short Nominal Amount" means at any time the product of the Short Nominal Exposure Percentage and the 
number aggregate nominal amount of Securities outstanding; 
"Short Nominal Exposure Percentage" means the percentage indicated as such in the Issue Terms; 
"Short Redemption Amount" equals the product of the Short Nominal Amount and the Short Calculation 
Percentage and the SLM 
"Single Reference Entity Exposure" means if specified in the Issue Terms to be applicable, the credit linked 
terms applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"SLM" means the number specified as such in the Issue Terms, if any, being the leverage multiplier in respect of 
the Short Exposure; 
"Tranched Linear Basket Exposure" if specified in the Issue Terms to be applicable, the credit linked terms 
applicable to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
"Tranched Index Exposure" if specified in the Issue Terms to be applicable, the credit linked terms applicable 
to the Long Nominal Amount and/or the Short Nominal Amount, as applicable; 
and provided that, the Credit Linked Conditions shall apply to the relevant Long Exposure or Short Exposure 
(including for the purposes of determining the Calculation Percentage arising from the relevant Long Exposure 
or Short Exposure, as the case may be) in such manner as the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, may determine is necessary or desirable to give rise to the intended economic effect of the 
Credit Linked Conditions and as if a Single Reference Entity Exposure is a Single Reference Entity Credit Linked 
Security, a First-to-Default Exposure is a First-to-Default Credit Linked Security, a Nth-to-Default Exposure is a 
Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Security, a Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure is a Non-Tranched Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Security, a Non-Tranched Index Exposure is a Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Security, a 
Tranched Linear Basket Exposure is a Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Security, a Tranched Index Exposure 
is a Tranched Index Credit Linked Security or a Basket Tranched Index Exposure is a Basket Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Security.

--- Page 306 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
306 
 
 
"UC" is Unwind Costs; 
"Credit Event Redemption Date" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11: 
(a) 
in the case of any Securities other than Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Index Credit Linked 
Securities or Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, 
(i) 
the day falling three Business Days, or such other number of Business Days specified in the 
Issue Terms, after (i) the calculation of the Final Price (ii) the Auction Settlement Date or (iii) 
if the Securities are Zero/Set Recovery Securities the Credit Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, in each case in respect of the Reference Entity the occurrence of which results in the 
Securities becoming redeemable; or 
(ii) 
where Maturity Credit Redemption is specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms only: if later, 
the Maturity Date determined pursuant to these Credit Linked Conditions and subject to 
adjustment, where applicable, pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 and 11; or 
(b) 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Index Credit Linked Securities or Long/Short 
Credit Linked Securities for which Maturity Credit Redemption is specified to be applicable in the Issue 
Terms, the "Maturity Date" determined for these purposes as 
(i) 
subject to paragraphs (ii) and (iii) below, the later of 
(a) 
the day falling three Business Days or such other number of Business Days specified 
in the Issue Terms, following (i) the calculation of the Final Price or (ii) the Auction 
Final Price Determination Date (or, if later, the related Auction Settlement Date) in 
respect of each Reference Entity for which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred and for which the Final Price or Auction Final Price is relevant for the 
determination of the Credit Event Redemption Amount; and 
(b) 
the Maturity Date determined without regard to the provisions of this paragraph and 
subject to adjustment as specified in Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11; or 
(ii) 
if the Securities are Zero/Set Recovery Securities, the later of 
(a) 
 the day falling three Business Days or such other number of Business Days specified 
in the Issue Terms, following the date as of which a Credit Event Determination Date 
has occurred or is determined not to have occurred in respect of each Reference Entity 
which is relevant for the determination of the Credit Event Redemption Amount; and 
(b) 
the Maturity Date determined without regard to the provisions of this paragraph and 
subject to adjustment as specified in Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11; or 
(iii) 
if the Securities are Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Securities or Basket Tranche Index Credit Linked Securities or Long/Short Credit 
Linked Securities, the Maturity Date subject to adjustment as specified in Credit Linked 
Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 or 11; or 
(c) 
in the case of Long/Short Credit Linked Securities for which Maturity Credit Redemption is specified to 
be not applicable in the Issue Terms, the day falling three Business Days, or such other number of 
Business Days specified in the Issue Terms, after (i) the calculation of the Final Price (ii) the Auction 
Settlement Date or (iii) if the Securities are Zero/Set Recovery Securities the Credit Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, in each case in respect of the Reference Entity the occurrence of which results in the 
Securities becoming redeemable. 
"Credit Event Reduction Factor" means: 
(a) 
in the case of any Securities other than Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Securities, Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities Long/Short Credit Linked 
Securities, a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is the aggregate Reference Entity Notional Amounts of

--- Page 307 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
307 
 
 
all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred prior to 
the Credit Observation End Date and (ii) the denominator of which is the aggregate of the Reference 
Entity Notional Amounts of all Reference Entities; or 
(b) 
in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, 
Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or Long/Short Credit Linked Securities only, a fraction, 
(i) the numerator of which is the Adjusted Credit Outstanding Nominal Amount, and (ii) the denominator 
of which is the aggregate outstanding nominal amount multiplied by the Credit Multiplier as of the Issue 
Date. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date, as 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves 
to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to such DC Credit 
Event Question. 
"Credit Index" means the index named in the Index Annex specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Credit Multiplier" means 1 unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms. 
"Credit Observation End Date" means the Scheduled Maturity Date or such other date specified in the Issue 
Terms. The Credit Observation End Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
"Credit Settlement Date" means (a) the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period following the PSN 
Cut-off Date (the "Scheduled Credit Settlement Date") provided that if a Hedge Disruption Event has occurred 
and is continuing on the second Business Day immediately preceding the Scheduled Credit Settlement Date, the 
Credit Settlement Date shall be the earlier of (i) the second Business Day following the date on which no Hedge 
Disruption Event subsists and (ii) the day falling sixty (60) Business Days following the Scheduled Credit 
Settlement Date or (b) where Maturity Credit Redemption is specified to be applicable in the Issue Terms only: if 
later, the Maturity Date determined pursuant to these Credit Linked Conditions and subject to adjustment, where 
applicable, pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9 and 11. 
"Currency Amount" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a selected Valuation Obligation, as applicable that is denominated in a currency other than the 
Settlement Currency, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by 
reference to the Currency Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement 
Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each Revised 
Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice with respect to that portion of the relevant Credit Linked Securities into 
the currency of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
"Currency Rate" means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, or selected Valuation Obligation, as 
applicable, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding 
Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either (i) determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, determined by 
the Calculation Agent and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, the Revised Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 p.m. (London 
time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Announcement, the 
Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the date that is fourteen calendar days 
following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable. 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement by the 
DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that

--- Page 308 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
308 
 
 
constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension 
Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the Credit Observation End Date, the DC Credit Event 
Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, 
or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement 
by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened to Resolve the matters 
described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred. 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement by 
the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine 
the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Determination Cut-off Date" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 8. 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public announcement by 
the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit Event. 
"DC Party" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"DC Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by ISDA on its website 
at https://www.isda.org/ (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time 
in accordance with the terms thereof. 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
"Default Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is specified in the Issue Terms, US$10,000,000, or its equivalent as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of 
the relevant Credit Event. 
"Deliver" means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the 
Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the applicable Deliverable 
Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), 
in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is 
customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Entitlement to the relevant Securityholder free and 
clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances including without limitation any counterclaim, defence 
(other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set out in paragraphs (a) to (d) in the definition of 
"Credit Event" above but excluding any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system or 
right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor) provided that (i) if all or a 
portion of the Entitlement consists of Direct Loan Participations, "Deliver" means to create (or procure the creation 
of) a participation in favour of the relevant Securityholder and (ii) if a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, 
"Deliver" means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that if the 
Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims 
to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap. "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, may be 
satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same 
currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event, (ii) the paragraph immediately above shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package

--- Page 309 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
309 
 
 
provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the 
Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which the Issuer has 
notified the Holders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 of the detailed description of the Asset Package 
that it intends to Deliver, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct 
proportion and (v) if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset 
shall be deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value and the term Asset Package shall be 
construed accordingly. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) determined 
pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations" below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, 
and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation; 
and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, (i) if Financial Reference Entity Terms is specified as applicable 
in the Issue Terms, any Prior Deliverable Obligation, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any 
Package Observable Bond, 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the obligation has 
an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero (determined for 
purposes of paragraph (d) above, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
(i) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations. For the purposes of this definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation", the term "Deliverable Obligation" may be defined as each obligation 
of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in the Issue 
Terms, and, subject to paragraph (ii) (Interpretation of Provisions) below, having each of, the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the Issue Terms, in each case, as of 
each such date the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging 
Arrangements. The following terms shall have the following meanings:  
(i) 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, 
Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in the 
definition of "Obligation" below, except that, for the purpose of determining 
Deliverable Obligation, the definition of "Reference Obligation Only" shall be 
amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to 
Reference Obligation Only). 
(ii) 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not 
Subordinated, Credit Linked Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic 
Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance (each as defined in the 
definition of "Obligation" below), Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct 
Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not 
Bearer; 
(A) 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated 
to, at a minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of 
their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of 
the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the relevant Reference 
Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable 
borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(B) 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned 
or novated with the consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any,

--- Page 310 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
310 
 
 
of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant borrower if the Reference Entity 
is guaranteeing such loan) or any agent; 
(C) 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to 
a participation agreement, the Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the 
creation of, a contractual right in favour of each Securityholder that provides 
each Securityholder with recourse to the participation seller for a specified 
share in any payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by 
such participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into between each 
Securityholder and either (A) the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, 
(to the extent that the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, is then a lender 
or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (B) a Qualifying 
Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation Seller 
is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate); 
(D) 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to institutional 
investors without any contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, provided 
that none of the following shall be considered contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions: 
I 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for 
eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S under 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under 
the laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
II 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory 
investment restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds; 
or 
III 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates 
or voting periods; 
(E) 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of 
not greater than the period specified in the Issue Terms (or if no such period 
is specified, thirty years); 
(F) 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the principal 
amount owed, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or 
otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance with the terms of such 
obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation 
imposed under any applicable insolvency laws; and 
(G) 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless 
interests with respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via Euroclear, 
Clearstream International or any other internationally recognised clearing 
system. 
(ii) 
Interpretation of Provisions 
(i) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is 
specified in the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall be construed as though the relevant 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with 
respect to Bonds. 
(ii) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic 
Issuance" or "Not Bearer" is specified in the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as 
a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Deliverable

--- Page 311 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
311 
 
 
Obligation Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the Issue Terms, the Issue 
Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had 
been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans; or (iii) any of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" or "Direct Loan 
Participation" is specified in the Issue Terms, the Issue Terms shall be construed as 
though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans. 
(iii) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the Issue 
Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
(iv) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following 
will apply: 
(A) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to be described 
by the same category or categories as those that describe the Underlying 
Obligation; 
(B) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the 
Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the 
applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the Issue Terms from the following list: 
"Not Subordinated", "Credit Linked Specified Currency", "Not Sovereign 
Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic Law"; 
(C) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must 
satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified 
in the Issue Terms from the following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", 
"Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", 
"Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", "Accelerated" or "Matured" and "Not 
Bearer"; and 
(D) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, 
references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying 
Obligor. 
(E) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
"Maximum Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of 
the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such 
determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and 
payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(F) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, if an obligation would otherwise 
satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect 
at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's 
obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances 
which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such 
obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic.

--- Page 312 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
312 
 
 
(G) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics and the requirements specified in the paragraphs commencing 
"If Physical Settlement applies and "Mod R" …" and "If Physical Settlement 
applies and "Mod Mod R" …" in Credit Linked Condition 4 to a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such 
determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant 
obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(H) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum 
Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any 
Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to 
satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this paragraph (iv) apply in respect of the 
definitions of Obligation and Deliverable Obligation as the context admits. 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date such Deliverable 
Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be Delivered pursuant to the definition of "Deliver" above). 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms and any successor currency thereto 
(or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor currency of (a) the Reference Entity, if 
the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if the 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or 
(b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance of the 
Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity. As used 
herein, "Voting Shares" shall mean those shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under the 
obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in respect of 
default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any portion of such amount 
which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be 
reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the 
terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the relevant PSN Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation 
are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (B) the relevant Valuation 
Date, as applicable. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"Eligible Transferee" means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company;

--- Page 313 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
313 
 
 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity described 
in paragraph (c) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least US$500 million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in paragraph (a); 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose vehicle) that 
(A) has total assets of at least US$100 million or (B) is one of a group of investment vehicles 
under common control or management having, in aggregate, total assets of at least US$100 
million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least US$500 million; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or otherwise 
supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement by an entity described 
in paragraph (a), (b), (c)(i) or (d); or 
(d) 
any Sovereign; or 
(e) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns 
including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development. 
All references in this definition to US$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies in each case as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Entitlement" means, in respect of each nominal amount of Credit Linked Securities equal to the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by the relevant Credit Multiplier, Deliverable Obligations, as selected by the Calculation 
Agent, with: 
(a) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money, an Outstanding Principal Balance; or 
(b) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable Amount, 
(or, in the case of either (a) or (b), the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), in an aggregate amount 
as of the relevant Delivery Date equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Credit Multiplier less, if 
Unwind Costs are specified as applying in the Issue Terms, Deliverable Obligations with a market value 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent falling during the 
period from and including the Credit Event Determination Date to and including the Delivery Date equal to a pro 
rata share of Unwind Costs. 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the Issue Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have been 
stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the 
relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Excluded Obligation" means:

--- Page 314 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
314 
 
 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the Issue Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and (i) the relevant 
Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (ii) there is 
no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, then for purposes of determining whether a 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and the relevant 
Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, then 
for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any 
Further Subordinated Obligation. 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and any Security to which paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Credit Event Determination Date above applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five Relevant City Business 
Days following the date on which such Final List is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction Announcement 
Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event where paragraph (a) of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date 
does not apply, the relevant Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves. 
"Exhaustion Point" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms; 
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Credit Observation End Date (for the purposes of this definition of Extension Date, the "Scheduled 
Termination Date"); 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as 
applying in the Issue Terms, and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to 
Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date; and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms, as applicable. 
"Failure to Pay" means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any conditions 
precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and 
where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure provided that, if an 
occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action 
taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such 
occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a 
reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such 
freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
"Fallback Settlement Method" means, with respect to any Credit Linked Securities for which Auction Settlement 
is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the Issue Terms, the fallback settlement method specified in 
the Issue Terms. 
"Final List" has the meaning given in the DC Rules.

--- Page 315 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
315 
 
 
"Final Price" means the price of the relevant Valuation Obligation(s), as the case may be, expressed as a 
percentage of its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, determined in 
accordance with the Valuation Method specified in the Issue Terms or, where applicable, Credit Linked Condition 
10. The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after obtaining all Quotations for a Valuation Date, make 
available for inspection by Securityholders at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (i) each such 
Quotation that it receives in connection with the calculation of the Final Price and (ii) a written computation 
showing its calculation of the Final Price. 
"First-to-Default Credit Linked Securities" means Credit Linked Securities indicated as such in the Issue Terms 
where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities, 
as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the 
Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed 
Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for 
these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall 
not be considered to be variable inputs). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method each firm quotation obtained from a Quotation 
Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Valuation Obligation with 
an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the Quotation Amount. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, 
or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being 
required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of each such date as the 
Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered as a 
requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation". 
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, if the relevant Reference Obligation 
or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto. 
"Governmental Authority" means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged 
with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the Reference 
Entity or some or all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) above. 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of 
action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring 
and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference 
Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of 
such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination);

--- Page 316 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
316 
 
 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of 
such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the 
Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (c). 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments under and 
in accordance with the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such Obligation 
is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, a Potential Failure to Pay has 
occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant Interest Payment Date and the applicable 
grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant Interest 
Payment Date, the Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period 
specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if no period is specified in the Issue Terms, thirty (30) calendar 
days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to payments 
or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period Business Days is applicable 
under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed 
to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the 
Issue Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date or relevant 
Interest Payment Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the relevant 
Obligation and if a place or places are not so specified (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a day on which 
the T2 System is open, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if: 
(a) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the Issue Terms; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date or relevant Interest 
Payment Date, 
the date falling the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. If "Grace 
Period Extension" is not specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not apply. 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hedging Arrangements" means any transaction(s), asset(s) or trading position(s) the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates or agents may enter into or hold from time to time (including, if applicable, on a portfolio basis) to 
hedge directly or indirectly and whether in whole or in part the credit or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Credit Linked Securities.

--- Page 317 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
317 
 
 
"Hedge Disruption Event" means in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any event (including, without 
limitation, any delay in settlement of any Auction) as a result of which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (a) 
has not received the relevant Deliverable Obligations under the terms of the Issuer's Hedging Arrangements (if 
any) and/or (b) cannot maintain, adjust, enter into or exercise rights under its Hedging Arrangements in each case 
in such a manner as is necessary to meet its obligations in full as these fall due solely with amounts or assets which 
it is entitled to receive under the Hedging Arrangements on the relevant due date(s) therefor. 
"Hedge Disruption Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Entitlement which, on the Credit 
Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines cannot be Delivered as a result 
of a Hedge Disruption Event. 
"Index Credit Linked Securities" means Credit Linked Securities indicated as such in the Issue Terms and 
comprising either Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or 
Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Index Annex" means: 
(a) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Securities, the list for the relevant Index with the relevant 
Annex 
Date, 
as 
published 
by 
the 
Index 
Publisher 
(which 
can 
be 
accessed 
at 
https://ihsmarkit.com/index.html or any successor website thereto). The Index Annex will be deemed 
amended from time to time to reflect any modifications resulting from the application of the definitions 
of Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard Reference Obligation and/or Substitute Reference 
Obligation; or 
(b) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Securities, the list for the relevant Index with the Annex Date, 
as published by the Index Publisher (which can be accessed at https://ihsmarkit.com/index.html or any 
successor website thereto). In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of the Index Annex and 
the terms of the corresponding Index published by the Index Sponsor, the terms of the Index Annex shall 
prevail. 
"Index Publisher" means Markit Group Limited, or any replacement therefor appointed by the Index Sponsor for 
purposes of officially publishing the relevant Index. 
"Index Roll Effective Date" means: 
(a) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Securities, the Roll Date in respect of the Index as specified 
and defined in the Index Annex; or 
(b) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Securities, the Effective Date in respect of the Index as specified 
and defined in the Index Annex. 
"Index Sponsor" means: 
(a) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Securities, Markit Indices Limited or any successor sponsor of 
the Index; or 
(b) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Securities, Markit North America, Inc. or any successor sponsor 
of the Index. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"iTraxx Index Credit Linked Securities" means Securities which are either iTraxx Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Securities or iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities. 
"iTraxx Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities" means Index Credit Linked Securities indicated as 
such in the Issue Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of the Index.

--- Page 318 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
318 
 
 
"iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities" means Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or Basket 
Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities indicated as such in the Issue Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit 
protection from Securityholders in respect of a particular tranche of the Index. 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, as 
the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of principal has been or will be exchanged 
or converted (including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible 
Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology, if any, 
determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" has the meaning given to that term in the definition of 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
"Limitation Date" means the first of March 20, June 20, September 20 or December 20 in any year to occur on 
or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 
years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 
15 years, or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities" means Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or 
Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Long/Short Credit Linked Securities" means Credit Linked Securities indicated as such in the Issue Terms 
where the Issuer both purchases and sells credit protection as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either Mod R or Mod Mod R 
is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms. 
"Market Value" means, with respect to the Valuation Obligation on a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding 
the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations 
have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be 
disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest 
and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or 
lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted 
Average Quotation; 
(e) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, subject 
as provided in the definition of Quotation, an amount the Calculation Agent shall determine on the next 
Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; and 
(f) 
if two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not obtained on or prior to the tenth 
Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Market Value shall be any Full Quotation 
obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full 
Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Valuation Obligation obtained 
from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate 
portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be 
zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
"Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but excluding) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date either (A) the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Reference Entity (any such entity, the 
"Mergor") consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to (i)

--- Page 319 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
319 
 
 
where the Mergor is the Issuer or the Guarantor, a Reference Entity or (ii) where the Mergor is a Reference Entity, 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, or (B) (i) either of the Issuer or the Guarantor and (ii) a Reference Entity become 
Affiliates. 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no amount is so specified, the lower of (a) US$1,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency) and (b) the Quotation Amount. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly engaged 
in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation End Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Credit Observation End Date is later than the 10 year Limitation Date, the Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Credit Observation End Date. 
In connection with the above, the final maturity date shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the 
Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable 
Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such 
determination is made. 
"Movement Option" means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring for which a No Auction Announcement 
Date has occurred pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date, the 
option of the Issuer to apply to the Credit Linked Securities, for purposes of settlement, the Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable Obligations are more limited than 
the Deliverable Obligations that could apply in respect of the Reference Transaction (provided that if more than 
one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms specifying 
the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable Obligations shall apply). If no Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option is delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Credit Linked Securities 
will be settled in accordance with the Fallback Settlement Method. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is 
delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, such event will be notified to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following the Exercise 
Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved. 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on London Business Days immediately following 
the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant Physical Settlement Amendment Notice or relevant 
Partial Cash Settlement Notice, as applicable, is effective. For the purposes of determining the Next Currency 
Fixing Time, "London Business Day" means a day on which banks and foreign exchange markets are generally 
open to settle payments in London. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date on which the DC Secretary 
first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will 
be published; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be 
published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or 
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will be held 
following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where 
either: 
(i) 
no Parallel Auction will be held; or 
(ii) 
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held.

--- Page 320 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
320 
 
 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming Reference 
Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above on the 
Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting 
a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for being 
traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date" means with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs 
during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither 
(i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery 
Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(i) 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is not the applicable Settlement Method; 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(3) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC Credit Event 
Announcement; or 
(ii) 
(1) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective on or prior to the Non-
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered and is effective during either the Notice 
Delivery Period or the period from and including the date of the DC Credit Event 
Announcement to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided, in 
each case, that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the 
end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)), if either: 
(i) 
(1) 
"Auction Settlement" is not the applicable Settlement Method; 
(2) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(3) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC Credit Event 
Announcement and on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off 
Date; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines this is otherwise consistent with the Issuer's Hedging 
Arrangements, 
provided that no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit 
Event has previously been delivered unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit 
Event Notice is also the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or the Calculation Agent determines this is otherwise 
consistent with the Issuer's Hedging Arrangements.

--- Page 321 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
321 
 
 
"Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event to which paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Credit Event Determination Date does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms 
and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days 
following the date on which such Final List is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date. 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means, in respect of the Reference Entity, the Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
"Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities" means either iTraxx Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Securities or CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to institutional 
investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, unless "Notice 
of Publicly Available Information" is specified as Not applicable in the Issue Terms, an effective Notice of 
Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Calculation Agent. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the date that is 
fourteen (14) calendar days after the Extension Date. 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the 
Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that cites Publicly Available Information 
confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in 
the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy or 
description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If "Notice of Publicly Available 
Information" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
A Notice of Publicly Available Information shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices in Credit Linked 
Condition 17. 
"Notice to Exercise Movement Option" means, with respect to Securities for which (a) M(M)R Restructuring is 
applicable and (b) the Fallback Settlement Method would otherwise be applicable pursuant to the Auction 
Settlement provisions, a notice from the Issuer to the Calculation Agent that (i) specifies the Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms applicable in accordance with the definition of Movement Option and (ii) is effective on or 
prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date.

--- Page 322 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
322 
 
 
"Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities" means Credit Linked Securities indicated as such in the Issue Terms 
where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities, 
as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining Obligations" below); and 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation, 
in each case unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
"Method for Determining Obligations". For the purposes of paragraph (a) of this definition of 
"Obligation", the term "Obligation" may be defined as the obligation of each Reference Entity described 
by the Obligation Category specified in the Issue Terms, and having each of the Obligation 
Characteristics (if any) specified in the Issue Terms, in each case, immediately prior to the Credit Event 
which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the 
occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable. The following terms shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the Issue Terms, where: 
(i) 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) 
for the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed 
Money; 
(c) 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement 
for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment 
of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement 
obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
(d) 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only; 
(e) 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category that is 
in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than securities delivered pursuant to Loans), 
certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(f) 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category that is 
documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and 
shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; and 
(g) 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
(h) 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Credit Linked Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic 
Issuance specified in the Issue Terms, where: 
(i) 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (1) the Reference 
Obligation or, (2) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; 
(i) 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") and another obligation 
of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the "First Obligation"), a 
contractual, trust or other similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganisation or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are 
required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (II) the holders of 
the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments in respect of their claims 
against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise

--- Page 323 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
323 
 
 
in default under the First Obligation. "Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For purposes of 
determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to 
another obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by 
operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements 
shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation 
of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the 
Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment 
shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the 
Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation 
or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in 
each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date; and 
(j) 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable to the relevant Securities, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, 
and otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the Issue Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, if such 
Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(k) 
"Credit Linked Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies 
specified as such in the Issue Terms (or, if Credit Linked Specified Currency is specified in the Issue 
Terms and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency) provided that if the euro is a 
Credit Linked Specified Currency, " Credit Linked Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation 
that was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such 
redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of 
the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority; 
(l) 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign or (B) any 
entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns 
including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club 
debt"; 
(m) 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than applicable 
Domestic Currency provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute the Domestic 
Currency; 
(n) 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by applicable Domestic Law, provided 
that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a Domestic Law; 
(o) 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange; and 
(p) 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or reissued, as 
the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference 
Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been taken for such 
purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the Reference Entity (regardless of whether 
such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the Reference Entity) 
shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale 
primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result 
of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event or default or other similar condition or event (however 
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or 
more Obligations. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which the Obligation is denominated.

--- Page 324 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
324 
 
 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been due 
and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, or other similar condition 
or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the Reference 
Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or 
as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in respect of such Reference Entity in 
the Issue Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity, 
such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the relevant 
Securities (other than for the purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" 
Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless the relevant 
Securities are Reference Obligation Only Securities. 
"Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation which will be 
calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's principal payment 
obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of Accrued Interest above, the 
Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee 
will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where 
applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were 
references to the Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation, 
(i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of 
time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment 
or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above less 
any amounts subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (b), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding Principal 
Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the 
relevant PSN Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on or prior 
to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (B) the relevant Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar as such 
laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the 
obligation). 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any obligation (a) 
which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at https://www.isda.org/ from time to time (or 
any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) 
which fell within paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation (above), in each case, 
immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as such term shall be defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means "Auction Cancellation Date" as such term shall be defined in the 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, any Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring, and for 
which (i) the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Reference Transaction and (ii) the Reference

--- Page 325 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
325 
 
 
Transaction would not be an Auction Covered Transaction provided that if no such Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation Agent may select in its sole discretion the applicable Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date" means "Notice of Physical Settlement Date" as defined in the 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is specified in the Issue Terms, US$1,000,000, or its equivalent as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of 
the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in the Final List pursuant 
to the Deliverable Obligation Terms applicable to the relevant Auction. 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's payment 
obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of the 
payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or 
provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in the 
case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, any 
Solvency Capital Provisions; or 
(v) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" are specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, provisions 
which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended 
in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such as 
an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption by any 
single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution of a new 
guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or 
substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
"Physical Settlement Amendment Notice" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means the physical settlement matrix (if any) which applies to the Credit Linked 
Securities in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 20. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, the number of Business Days 
specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a 
Deliverable Obligation comprising the Entitlement, the longest number of Business Days for settlement in 
accordance with then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent provided that if the Issuer has notified the Holders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 that it 
will Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical 
Settlement Period shall be 35 Business Days.

--- Page 326 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
326 
 
 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided that the relevant 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period 
(including prior to the Trade Date)). 
"Potential Credit Event" means a Potential Failure to Pay (if Failure to Pay is an applicable Credit Event in 
respect of the Reference Entity), a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (if Repudiation/Moratorium is an applicable 
Credit Event in respect of the Reference Entity) or if a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made its determination, such event will be 
deemed to be a Potential Credit Event. A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the Calculation Agent 
may each determine whether a Potential Failure to Pay or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred. 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments 
in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance 
with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions 
precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), any obligation of the 
Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the 
subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental 
Intervention was legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect of the 
Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors 
set forth in (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit Event above) or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or 
any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not publicly 
available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"PSN Cut-off Date" means subject, where applicable, to Credit Linked Condition 13: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the later of: 
(i) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Credit Event Determination Date; and 
(ii) 
the tenth calendar day after either the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or 
of the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, if any (or, if the relevant Credit Event is 
an M(M)R Restructuring, the tenth calendar day after the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date); 
or 
(b) 
if, in accordance with the terms of Credit Linked Condition 2 above, Credit Linked Condition 4 applies 
as a result of the occurrence of (a) an Auction Cancellation Date or (b) a No Auction Announcement 
Date and: 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of: 
(i) 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above; and

--- Page 327 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
327 
 
 
(ii) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Auction Cancellation Date or the No Auction 
Announcement Date, occurring pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (c)(i) of the definition of 
No Auction Announcement Date above, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring either:  
(i) 
the later of: 
(1) 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above; and 
(2) 
the thirtieth calendar day after: 
(x) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to paragraph 
(a) of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date above, if 
any; 
(y) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring pursuant to paragraph 
(c)(i) of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date above, if 
any; or 
(z) 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
the later of the Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (or, if more than one Parallel 
Notice of Physical Settlement Date should occur, the last Parallel Notice of Physical 
Settlement Date), and the Relevant City Business Day immediately following the 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date, if any (or, if more than one should occur, the last 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date), as applicable, in circumstances where either: 
(1) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of No Auction Announcement Date above and the Issuer has not 
exercised the Movement Option; or 
(2) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (c)(ii) of the 
definition of No Auction Announcement Date above and the Issuer has not 
exercised the Movement Option, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (a)(ii) and (b) above, the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date, if any, occurred on or prior to the date described in paragraph (a)(i) above. 
"PSN Effective Date" means the date on which an effective Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice or 
Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered to the Issuer. 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the Issue Terms (or if 
no such source is specified in the Issue Terms, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall 
Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial 
Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the 
main source(s) of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the 
determination that the Credit Event or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in a Credit 
Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred and which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources (regardless of whether 
the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); 
(b) 
is information received from or published by (i) the Reference Entity (or, if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof acting in a 
governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign)

--- Page 328 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
328 
 
 
or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent 
bank for an Obligation; or 
(c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of or filed 
with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial 
body; 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraph (b) or (c) above is not publicly available, 
it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraph (b) or (c) above, the Calculation Agent may 
assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or 
other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the entity disclosing such information 
has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate 
of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the 
party receiving such information. 
(d) 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state: 
(i) 
in relation to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares owned 
by the Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
that the relevant occurrence: 
(i) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(ii) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(iii) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the 
events described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium below. 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in respect of 
an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a statute or 
regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes or is otherwise obliged to pay 
all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed 
Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of 
payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto 
in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or any legal 
arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity can 
be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law;

--- Page 329 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
329 
 
 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(i) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms; or 
(ii) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity 
and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in 
accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the 
occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event 
of the type described in the definition of Bankruptcy above in respect of the Reference Entity or the 
Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is 
permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(1) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of 
the Underlying Obligation; and 
(2) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed 
Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" means any participation seller that meets the requirements specified in the 
Issue Terms. If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying Participation Seller. 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against the 
Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, been 
accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, 
provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount. 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed as a 
percentage with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date from five or 
more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the 
same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day 
(and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation 
Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers and, if 
two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to 
the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full 
Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Valuation Obligation obtained from 
Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the 
Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of 
the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
"Quotation Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Issue Terms (which may be specified by 
reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to a Representative Amount) or, if no amount is specified in 
the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
save for Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or Basket Tranched Credit Linked Index Securities, 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount; or

--- Page 330 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
330 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, the product of (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
or Nominal Amount (as the case may be) of the Securities as of the Issue Date and the Credit Multiplier 
multiplied by (ii) the Reference Entity Weighting for the relevant Reference Entity multiplied by (iii) 
one divided by the aggregate of the Reference Entity Weightings for all Reference Entities, subject to 
the provisions of the definition of "Successor",or 
(c) 
in the case of Basket Tranched Credit Linked Index Securities, the product of (i) the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount or Nominal Amount (as the case may be) of the Securities as of the Issue Date and the Credit 
Multiplier multiplied by (ii) the Component Weighting of the relevant Basket Tranched Index 
Component multiplied by (iii) the Reference Entity Weighting for the relevant Reference Entity 
multiplied by (iv) one divided by the aggregate of the Reference Entity Weightings for all Reference 
Entities, subject to the provisions of the definition of "Successor", 
(or, in each case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained). 
"Quotation Dealer" means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which Quotations are to be 
obtained including each Quotation Dealer specified in the Issue Terms. If no Quotation Dealers are specified in 
the Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall select the Quotation Dealers. Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer 
being in existence (with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which 
Quotations are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent may substitute any other Quotation Dealer(s) for such 
Quotation Dealer(s). 
"Quotation Method" means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the Issue Terms by reference to one of 
the following terms: 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers and shall 
be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer's quotation. 
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the Issue Terms, Bid shall apply. 
"Reference Entity" means: 
(a) 
the entity specified as such in the Issue Terms and any Successor to the Reference Entity either (i) 
identified pursuant to the definition of "Successor" on or following the Trade Date or (ii) identified 
pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date and publicly announced 
by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession 
Date, be the Reference Entity for the purposes of the relevant Series; or 
(b) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Securities, each relevant Reference Entity specified as such in 
the Credit Index and listed in the Index Annex, and any Successor to a Reference Entity either (i) in 
respect of which ISDA publicly announces on or following the earlier of the Index Roll Effective Date 
and the Trade Date that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved, in 
respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date, a Successor in accordance with the DC Rules or (ii) in 
the event that ISDA does not make such an announcement, identified by the Index Sponsor on or 
following the earlier of the Index Roll Effective Date and the Trade Date; or 
(c) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Securities, subject as provided in paragraph (b) of the definition 
of "Index Annex", each relevant Reference Entity specified as such in the Credit Index and listed in the 
Index Annex, and any Successor to a Reference Entity either (i) in respect of which ISDA publicly 
announces on or following the earlier of the Index Roll Effective Date and the Trade Date that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved, in respect of a Successor Resolution 
Request Date, a Successor in accordance with the DC Rules or (ii) in the event that ISDA does not make 
such an announcement, identified by the Index Sponsor on or following the earlier of the Index Roll 
Effective Date and the Trade Date.

--- Page 331 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
331 
 
 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" in respect of a Reference Entity, means: 
(a) 
save for Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities and Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities, the product of (i) the amount specified as the Reference Entity Notional Amount in the Issue 
Terms (or, if no such amount is so specified, the Aggregate Nominal Amount or Nominal Amount (as 
the case may be) of the Securities as of the Issue Date), subject to adjustment as provided in "Successor" 
and these Credit Linked Conditions and (ii) the Credit Multiplier; or 
(b) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, the amount specified as the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount in the Issue Terms or, if no such amount is so specified, the product 
of (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount or Nominal Amount (as the case may be) of the Securities as of 
the Issue Date divided by the number of Reference Entities subject to adjustment as provided in 
"Successor" and these Credit Linked Conditions and (ii) the Credit Multiplier; or 
(c) 
in the case of Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, an amount equal to the amount specified as 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount in the Issue Terms or, if no such amount is so specified, the 
product of (i) the Aggregate Nominal Amount or Nominal Amount (as the case may be) of the Securities 
as of the Issue Date and the Credit Multiplier multiplied by (ii) the Reference Entity Weighting for such 
Reference Entity multiplied by (iii) one divided by the aggregate of the Reference Entity Weightings for 
all Reference Entities, subject to the provisions of the definition of "Successor". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Reference Entity Notional Amount is not relevant for Tranched Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Securities or Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked 
Securities. 
"Reference Entity Weighting" or "REW" means, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, the percentage 
specified under "Weighting" opposite the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex. 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as Not applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case the 
Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms (or no election is 
specified in the Issue Terms), (ii) there is no Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is specified in the Issue Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard 
Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that 
the Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms (or no election is specified in the 
Issue Terms), the Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and the Standard Reference 
Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be the Reference Obligation and the 
Calculation Agent will select as a substitute Reference Obligation any Deliverable Obligation with the same level 
of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level, provided that, if there is no Deliverable Obligation with the same level 
of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level, the Calculation Agent may select any Deliverable Obligation as a 
substitute Reference Obligation. 
In addition: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may at any time (x) replace the Reference Obligation with any Deliverable 
Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level from time to time, provided 
that, if there is no Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level, 
the Calculation Agent may select any Deliverable Obligation as a replacement Reference Obligation, or 
(y) where there is no Reference Obligation, select any Deliverable Obligation as the Reference 
Obligation; and 
(ii) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms (or no election is 
specified in the Issue Terms) and a new obligation is placed on the SRO List in respect of the relevant

--- Page 332 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
332 
 
 
Reference Entity, then the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, select the new Standard 
Reference Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity as the Reference Obligation. The provisions of 
this definition may be applied by the Calculation Agent on more than one occasion and are without 
prejudice to the right of the Calculation Agent to determine a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Without prejudice to the paragraphs above: 
(a) 
in the case of iTraxx Index Credit Linked Securities, the Reference Obligation will be the Reference 
Obligation (if any) specified as such opposite the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex, subject 
to the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" below and the following paragraph: 
If there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement Reference 
Obligation for a Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent will select such Reference Obligation as the 
Reference Obligation hereunder for such Reference Entity rather than applying the provisions of the 
definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" below; and 
(b) 
in the case of CDX Index Credit Linked Securities, the Reference Obligation will be the Reference 
Obligation (if any) specified as such in the Index and specified opposite the Reference Entity in the Index 
Annex, subject as provided in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Index Annex" above and to the 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" provisions herein. 
"Reference Obligation Only Securities" means any Securities in respect of which (a) "Reference Obligation 
Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category in the Issue Terms and (b) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as Not applicable in the Issue Terms. 
"Reference Transaction" means a hypothetical credit derivative transaction: 
(a) 
for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms and the Reference Obligation are (i) the same as in respect 
of the Credit Linked Securities (if such Deliverable Obligation Terms and Reference Obligation are 
specified in the Issue Terms) or (ii) if and to the extent the Deliverable Obligation Terms and/or the 
Reference Obligation are not specified, the Deliverable Obligation Terms and Reference Obligation 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be appropriate in respect of a credit derivative transaction linked 
to the relevant Reference Entity; 
(b) 
with a scheduled termination date matching the Credit Observation End Date of the Credit Linked 
Securities; and 
(c) 
otherwise having such other characteristics as the Calculation Agent may determine appropriate by 
reference to, without limitation, the Issuer's hedging arrangements and/or any credit derivative elections 
made in relation to the Credit Linked Securities. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given in the DC Rules. 
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as applicable 
in the Issue Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the latest Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the 
case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, immediately prior 
to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, 
immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held by the 
Reference Entity, shall be excluded;

--- Page 333 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
333 
 
 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required to be 
made under paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor below, make the appropriate adjustments 
required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and 
including the legally effective date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and (i) the Reference 
Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (ii) there is no 
Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the 
Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; 
and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, and the Reference 
Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, Relevant 
Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference 
Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant 
Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference 
Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan". 
"Relevant Time" means Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is 
Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign Tokyo time). 
"Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 4. 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation" has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market 
and at the relevant time, which amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one 
or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, 
with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement; and 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined 
without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior 
to the Credit Observation End Date (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates 
include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is sixty (60) days after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment 
date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the 
date that is sixty (60) days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium provided that, in either case, 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Credit Observation End Date unless the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" will be satisfied: 
(a) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively 
received on or prior to the date that is fourteen (14) calendar days after the Credit Observation End Date 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that

--- Page 334 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
334 
 
 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the 
Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to (i) the Credit Observation End Date or 
relevant Interest Payment Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time) or, (ii) if Credit Linked 
Condition 9(a)(y) applies, the Postponed Maturity Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time); 
or 
(b) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as Not applicable in the Issue 
Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that are each effective on or prior to the date that is 
fourteen (14) calendar days after the Credit Observation End Date. 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (A) an event does not constitute a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity, or (B) an event that constitutes a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity but that 
such event occurred after the Credit Observation End Date (determined by reference to the Relevant Time). 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which 
the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation End Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be 
continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
"Resolve" has the meaning set out in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which the relevant 
Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds all holders 
of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number 
of holders of such Obligation to bind all the holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by 
the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, 
in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under 
the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant 
Credit Linked Securities and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of interest, or (ii) 
the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such 
Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency other than 
the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America 
and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of 
the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring:

--- Page 335 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
335 
 
 
(i) 
the payment in euro of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated 
in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by 
the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a 
freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at the 
time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal 
or premium payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of 
conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (a) to (e) 
above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other 
technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (a) to (e) 
above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided 
that in respect of paragraph (e) above only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros 
into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
For purposes of this definition of Restructuring and Credit Linked Condition 15, the term Obligation shall be 
deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In 
the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in the definition of 
Restructuring and the definition of Subordination shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the 
references to the Reference Entity in paragraphs (i) to (iv) of this definition of Restructuring shall continue to be 
deemed to refer to the Reference Entity. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under paragraphs (a) to 
(e) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange 
and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
"Restructuring Date" means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms 
of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or as applicable, 
Valuation Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation End 
Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest 
final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such 
Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan") and the Credit Observation End 
Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond 
or Loan. For these purposes, the final maturity date shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation, or as applicable, Valuation Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the 
case of a Deliverable Obligation, or as applicable, Valuation Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity 
date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination is made. 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency 
Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 336 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
336 
 
 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the Issue Terms, or 
(b) 
if no such seniority level is specified in the Issue Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which, 
(c) 
"Senior Level". 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if no currency is specified in 
the Issue Terms, the Credit Linked Specified Currency of the Credit Linked Securities. 
"Set/Zero Recovery Price" means the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Settlement Method" means, if (a) Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the 
Issue Terms, Auction Settlement or (b) Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the 
Issue Terms, Cash Settlement, or (c) Physical Delivery is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the 
Issue Terms, Physical Delivery. 
"Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities" means Credit Linked Securities indicated as such in the 
Issue Terms, where the Issuer purchases credit protection from the Securityholders in respect of only one 
Reference Entity. 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity's payment 
obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which are 
necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including without limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a Restructuring that is 
the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and (b) which 
fell within paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above immediately preceding the date on 
which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an annexation, 
unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or, other similar event. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Source(s) specified in the Issue Terms, or if no such number is 
specified in the Issue Terms, two. 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
https://www.isda.org/ from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA 
on its website from time to time. 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant Seniority Level 
which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, France, 
Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any 
of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and 
replaces the euro in whole).

--- Page 337 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
337 
 
 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series of 
successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more entities. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of that Reference Entity existed. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to which a 
Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraphs 
(c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation 
Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at the time of the 
determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed materially 
since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraph (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of Substitution Event have 
occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii)). If the 
event set forth in paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of Substitution Event below has occurred with respect 
to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute 
Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under paragraph (a) or 
(b)(ii) of the definition of Substitution Event below occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation provided that, in the absence of any notification to the contrary to the Holders by the 
Calculation Agent at any time on or prior to the date on which the Securities are due to be redeemed, the 
Substitute Reference Obligation which shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation shall be 
deemed to be, on any date, the security which is identified by its ISIN under the column entitled "RED 
Ref. Ob." which corresponds to the name of the relevant Reference Entity under the column entitled 
"RED Legal Name" which is found on Bloomberg Page "REDL" (or any successor page or service 
thereto) on such date. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it was issued 
or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after such date) and on the 
Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference Obligation 
when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; or if no such 
obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed Money 
obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation 
when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date:

--- Page 338 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
338 
 
 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); or 
if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; or if no such 
obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan (other 
than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above; or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan (other 
than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); or 
if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; or if no such 
obligation is available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation above. 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process described 
in paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential Substitute Reference 
Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations 
of the Issuer under the Securities as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will 
notify the Holders in accordance with General Condition 13 of the Substitute Reference Obligation as 
soon as reasonably practicable after it has been identified in accordance with paragraph (c) above and 
the Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and the 
Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation then, subject to paragraph (a) above and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference 
Obligation. 
(f) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of any 
Credit Linked Securities that are Reference Obligation Only Securities. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve a Substitute Reference 
Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is 
effective. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the Calculation 
Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has identified in accordance with the 
definition of Substitute Reference Obligation above.

--- Page 339 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
339 
 
 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; or 
(b) 
provided that the Credit Linked Securities to which the Non-Standard Reference Obligation relates are 
not Reference Obligation Only Securities: 
(i) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced by 
redemption or otherwise below US$ 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(ii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, constitute a 
Substitution Event. If an event described in paragraph (a) or (b)(i) above has occurred on or prior to the Trade 
Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b)(i) above as the 
case may be, on the Trade Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence of the 
relevant Substitution Event. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to some or 
all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, the 
Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier 
(i) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor below would not be 
affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
"Successor" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (vii), if one entity succeeds, either directly or indirectly, as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds directly as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more than twenty-
five per cent. (but less than seventy-five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds directly as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more 
than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more 
than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations will each be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the Issue Terms 
will be adjusted as provided below; 
(iv) 
if one or more entity each succeed directly as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more than 
twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference 
Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor and these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the Issue Terms will be adjusted as provided below; 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeed directly as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a portion of 
the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-

--- Page 340 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
340 
 
 
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity 
continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed in 
any way as a result of such succession; 
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or indirectly, as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity 
succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of 
Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to an 
equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor and these Terms 
and Conditions and/or the Issue Terms will be adjusted as provided below); and 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the 
obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and at the time 
of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference 
Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has 
not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective 
date of the assumption, such entity (the Universal Successor) will be the sole Successor; and 
(b) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, or (B) 
such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date occurred on or 
after January 1, 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant Obligation of 
the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant Obligations 
by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after delivery of a 
Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor or Successors under paragraph (a) 
above, Provided That the Calculation Agent will not make any such determination if, at the time of determination, 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this definition of 
Successor on the basis of Eligible Information and will, as soon as practicable after such calculation or 
determination, make such calculation or determination available for inspection by Securityholders at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent. In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies 
as a Successor under paragraph (a) above, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related 
successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
Where pursuant to paragraphs (a)(iii), (a)(iv) or (a)(vi) or (b) above, more than one Successor has been identified, 
the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as it shall determine 
to be appropriate to reflect that the Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one Successor (which 
amendments may, for the avoidance of doubt, include in the case of Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities, such adjustments as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to the numbers of Reference Entities 
specified as "H" and "L", having regard to any adjustments made to the notional portfolio to which the Securities 
relate) and shall determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner if it adjusts such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the Issue 
Terms in such a manner as to reflect the adjustment to and/or division of any credit derivative transaction(s) related 
to or underlying the Credit Linked Securities under the provisions of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Holders 
in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the adjustment to these Terms and Conditions and/or the Issue 
Terms and giving brief details of the relevant Successor event.

--- Page 341 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
341 
 
 
In respect of Credit Linked Securities which are Index Credit Linked Securities, if at any time there is a 
discrepancy between the Successor determined pursuant to the above and a Successor announced by the 
Index Sponsor, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to the Credit Linked Securities as it 
determines in a commercially reasonable manner is necessary or desirable to remedy or account for such 
discrepancy. Any amendment made pursuant to this paragraph shall be notified to Holders in accordance 
with General Condition 13. 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a Relevant Obligation (the "Joint 
Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant 
Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the 
Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant 
Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall 
be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal 
parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each 
Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeed" means, with respect to the Reference Entity and its 
Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such 
Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other 
agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. 
For purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. In 
the case of an exchange offer, the determinations required pursuant to paragraph (a) of this definition of 
"Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations exchanged 
and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
Notwithstanding the provisions above and paragraph (b) of the definition of Reference Entity, where one or more 
Reference Entities (each an "Affected Reference Entity") and/or the Issuer would, but for this provision, be 
identified as a Successor to another Reference Entity pursuant to the above provisions and at least one other entity 
which is not a Reference Entity or the Issuer is also identified as a Successor for the purposes of any succession, 
each Affected Reference Entity and/or the Issuer, as applicable, shall not be regarded as a "Successor" for the 
purposes of the Securities. Where pursuant to the provisions above or paragraph (b) of the definition of Reference 
Entity one or more Reference Entities (each an "Affected Reference Entity") and/or the Issuer would, but for 
this provision, be identified as a Successor to another Reference Entity pursuant to the above provisions but no 
other entities (that are not Reference Entities or the Issuer) are identified as a Successor in respect of the relevant 
succession, each Affected Reference Entity and/or the Issuer, as applicable, shall not be regarded as a "Successor" 
for the purposes of the Securities and, in respect of each Affected Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, 
the Calculation Agent shall use reasonable endeavours to (a) select an Alternative Reference Entity to be the 
Successor in respect of the relevant succession and (b) select an Alternative Reference Obligation to be the 
Reference Obligation in respect of such Alternative Reference Entity after the relevant succession and the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to the Conditions and/or the Issue Terms as it determines to be 
necessary or desirable to reflect such Alternative Reference Entity and Alternative Reference Obligation. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable to select an Alternative Reference Entity or an Alternative Reference Obligation, 
then: (i) no Successor shall be appointed; (ii) the Affected Reference Entity to which the relevant succession 
relates shall be deemed to have ceased to be a Reference Entity; (iii) that portion of any interest payable which is 
referable to the purchase of credit protection purchased by the Issuer under the Securities in respect of the Affected 
Reference Entity shall be reduced accordingly as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion; and (iv) the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to the Conditions and/or the Issue Terms 
to account for the Successor Associated Costs, which may include, without limitation, reducing the Final 
Redemption Amount, Credit Event Redemption Amount or the Entitlement (as the case may be) by an amount 
equal to the Successor Associated Costs, in each case with effect from the date determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the relevant Succession Date. 
Where: 
"Alternative Reference Entity" means an entity which satisfies both the Industry Requirement (other than in the 
case of a Sovereign) and the Spread Requirement as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion;

--- Page 342 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
342 
 
 
"Alternative Reference Obligation" means any obligation of the Alternative Reference Entity selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion which, as far as practicable, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent is substantially similar in economic terms to the relevant Reference Obligation of the Reference 
Entity for which a Successor falls to be determined pursuant to this definition of "Successor". An Alternative 
Reference Obligation may or may not be the applicable Standard Reference Obligation for the Alternative 
Reference Entity; 
"Industry Requirement" means an entity that is in the same industry group as the Reference Entity for which a 
Successor falls to be determined pursuant to this definition of "Successor", as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion by reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate, including any 
international market data sources such as, but not limited to, credit rating agencies; 
"Spread" means the bid-side quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent from such leading dealer in the credit 
default swap market selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion for a credit default swap 
in respect of the relevant entity with a credit protection period commencing on the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the date of the relevant Succession Date and ending on the Maturity Date and with the 
Reference Obligation(s) specified in the Issue Terms or Alternative Reference Obligation(s), as applicable; 
"Spread Requirement" means an entity that, as at the date of selection, has a Spread not greater than the Spread 
of the Reference Entity for which a Successor falls to be determined pursuant to this definition of "Successor", 
immediately prior to the relevant Succession Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion; and 
"Successor Associated Costs" means an amount per nominal amount of the Securities (which may not be less 
than zero) equal to such Securities' pro rata share multiplied by the Credit Multiplier (if any), of the total amount 
of any and all costs and losses associated with or incurred by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in connection with 
the Affected Reference Entity ceasing to be a Reference Entity, including, without limitation, any costs and losses 
associated with or incurred by the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in connection with unwinding, substituting, re-
establishing and/or incurring any funding relating to the Securities and/or any hedge positions (including without 
limitation, any derivative transaction) relating to the Securities, and any related costs due to costs or losses being 
incurred prior to the maturity or settlement of the Securities, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC Resolution, 
the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date otherwise, the date that is 
ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Successor Notice is effective and (ii) in 
circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (C) the Successor Notice is 
delivered not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, 
the Successor Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Successor Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that describes a 
succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in respect of 
which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors to the Reference Entity can 
be determined. 
A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination to be 
made pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor above. 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to the Reference Entity, 
the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities" means either iTraxx Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or 
CDX Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities, as specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 343 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
343 
 
 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms selected by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision. In relation to a Credit Event (and as set out in the 
definition of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms), ISDA may publish one or more form(s) of Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms on its website at https://www.isda.org/ (or any successor website thereto) 
and may amend such forms from time to time. Each such form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
shall set out, inter alia, definitions of "Auction", "Auction Cancellation Date", "Auction Covered Transaction" 
and "Auction Final Price Determination Date" in relation to the relevant Credit Event. The Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms for purposes of the Credit Linked Securities shall be the relevant form of Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms for which the Reference Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction (as 
such term will be set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms). The Reference Transaction 
(as set out in the definition thereof) is a hypothetical credit derivative transaction included in these Credit Linked 
Conditions principally for the purpose of selecting the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms appropriate 
to the Credit Linked Securities. 
"Trigger" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 1(d). 
"Triggering Reference Entity" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 1(d). 
"Undeliverable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Entitlement which, on the Credit 
Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines for any reason (including 
without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order, contractual 
restrictions, statutory restrictions or market conditions but excluding the non-receipt of any requisite consents 
with respect to the Delivery of Loans or non-delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice or any relevant information by 
a holder) it is impossible or illegal to Deliver on the Credit Settlement Date. 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the guarantee. 
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, the 
borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
"Unwind Costs" means the amount specified in the Issue Terms or if "Standard Unwind Costs" are specified in 
the Issue Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the aggregate sum of (without 
duplication) all costs (including loss of funding), fees, charges, expenses, tax and duties incurred by the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with the redemption or credit settlement of the Credit Linked Securities 
and the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any Hedging Arrangements. 
"Valuation Date" means if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the Issue Terms and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 10, the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the Issue Terms (or, if the number of 
Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following the Credit Event Determination Date (or if the 
Credit Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of Credit Event 
Determination Date above or paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date, 
the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs) (or, if Cash Settlement is applicable pursuant to the 
Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with paragraph (b)(i) or (b)(ii) of Credit Linked Condition 2 (Auction 
Settlement) above, the date that is the number of Business Days (that is not less than 5 Business Days and not 
more than 122 Business Days) specified in the Issue Terms or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
five Business Days) following the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable), and if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the Issue Terms, each of the following 
dates: 
(a) 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the Issue 
Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not specified, five Business Days) following the Credit 
Event Determination Date (or if the Credit Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date above or paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of Non-
Standard Credit Event Determination Date, the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs) 
(or if Cash Settlement is the applicable Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with paragraph (b)(i) 
or (b)(ii) of Credit Linked Condition 2 (Auction Settlement) above, the date that is the number of Business 
Days (that is not less than 5 Business Days and not more than 122 Business Days) specified in the Issue 
Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not specified, five Business Days) following the Auction 
Cancellation Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable); and

--- Page 344 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
344 
 
 
(b) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the Issue Terms or, if the number 
of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days after the date on which the Calculation Agent 
obtains a Market Value with respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the Issue Terms, the total number of Valuation Dates shall be 
equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the Issue Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not 
so specified, five Valuation Dates). 
If neither Single Valuation Date nor Multiple Valuation Dates is specified in the Issue Terms, Single Valuation 
Date shall apply. 
"Valuation Method": 
(a) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the Issue Terms with only one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
"Market" means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to the 
Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to the 
Valuation Date. 
(b) 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the Issue Terms, the Valuation Method shall be Highest. 
(c) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the Issue Terms with more than one Valuation 
Date: 
(i) 
"Average Market" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values determined 
by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
"Highest" means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to any 
Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
"Average Highest" means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations obtained 
by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date. 
(d) 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the Issue Terms, the Valuation Method shall be Average 
Highest. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) to (d) above, if Quotations include Weighted Average Quotations or fewer than 
two Full Quotations, the Calculation Agent may at its option determine that the Valuation Method shall be Market 
or Average Market, as the case may be. 
Where applicable, the Issue Terms may specify an alternative Valuation Method which shall be applicable in 
respect of the relevant Credit Linked Securities. 
"Valuation Obligation" means in respect of a Reference Entity, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Credit Linked Conditions, one or more obligations of such Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) which is capable of being specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement (or in any Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable) if Physical Settlement were the applicable Settlement Method 
and/or any Asset in the related Asset Package in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, in each case, as selected by the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on or 
prior to the applicable Valuation Date, provided that, for such purpose, in respect of any Asset in the related Asset 
Package in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, any reference to "Outstanding 
Principal Balance", "Due and Payable Amount" or "Outstanding Amount" in the definitions of "Final Price", "Full 
Quotation", "Quotation", "Quotation Amount" and "Weighted Average Quotation" shall be deemed to be a 
reference to the words "Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event". For the avoidance of doubt, the use of Deliverable 
Obligation terms in this definition of "Valuation Obligation" is for convenience only and is not intended to amend 
the selected settlement method.

--- Page 345 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
345 
 
 
"Valuation Obligations Portfolio" means one or more Valuation Obligations of a Reference Entity selected by 
the Calculation Agent in its discretion, each in an Outstanding Amount (or, as the case may be, an Outstanding 
Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event) selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner (and references to "Quotation Amount" shall be construed accordingly), provided that the aggregate of 
such Outstanding Amounts (or in each case the equivalent in the Specified Currency thereof (converted at the 
foreign exchange rate prevailing on any date from (and including) the Event Determination Date to (and including) 
the Valuation Date, as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner)), shall not exceed the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if no time is so specified, 11.00 a.m. 
in the principal trading market for the Valuation Obligation. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors or similar 
governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted average of firm 
quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for 
an amount of the Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount (but, of a size at least equal to the 
Minimum Quotation Amount) that in aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
"Zero/Set Recovery Securities" means Securities in respect of which the applicable Settlement Method in the 
Issue Terms is specified as "Not applicable": Zero/Set Recovery Securities". 
14. 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event 
Unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, this Credit Linked Condition 14 will apply where "Mod R" or 
"Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms (whether by application of the Physical Settlement 
Matrix or otherwise), and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms and Conditions: 
The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices in respect of such M(M)R Restructuring, each 
such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount of the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount to which such 
Restructuring Credit Event applies (the "Partial Redemption Amount") that may be less than the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount or Nominal Amount (as the case may be) of those Credit Linked Securities outstanding 
immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the Credit Linked Conditions 
and related provisions shall be deemed to apply to the Partial Redemption Amount only and in respect of Credit 
Linked Securities respect of which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable and which may be redeemed prior to 
their scheduled maturity, save where: (i) Maturity Credit Redemption applies; or (ii) the Securities are Tranched 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or Basket Tranched Credit 
Linked Securities or Long/Short Credit Linked Securities for which Maturity Credit Redemption does not apply; 
or (iii) the Securities are Non-Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked Securities where Credit Payment on Maturity applies, each such Credit Linked Security shall be redeemed 
in part (such redeemed part being equal to the Partial Redemption Amount). 
(a) 
For the avoidance of doubt (A) the nominal amount of each Credit Linked Security not so redeemed in 
part shall remain outstanding and interest shall accrue on the nominal amount outstanding of such Credit 
Linked Security as provided in Credit Linked Condition 5 (adjusted in such manner as the Calculation 
Agent determines to be appropriate), (B) the Credit Linked Conditions and related provisions shall apply 
to such nominal amount outstanding of such Credit Linked Security in the event that subsequent Credit 
Event Notices are delivered in respect of the Reference Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring 
Credit Event and (C) if, following a Restructuring Credit Event, different Credit Event Determination 
Dates have been determined with respect to different portions of amounts payable or deliverable to 
Securityholders under the relevant Series, the Calculation Agent will (x) determine such adjustment(s) 
to these Terms and Conditions as may be required to achieve as far as practicable the same economic 
effect as if each such portion was a separate series or otherwise reflect or account for the effect of the 
above provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14 and (y) the effective date of such adjustment(s). 
(b) 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14(c) apply in respect of the Credit Linked Securities, 
on redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Security the relevant Credit Linked Security or, if the

--- Page 346 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
346 
 
 
Credit Linked Securities are represented by a Global Security, such Global Security, shall be endorsed 
to reflect such part redemption. 
(c) 
In addition, in the case of First-to-Default Credit Linked Securities: 
Once a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the First Reference Entity, where the 
Credit Event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event Notices may be delivered in respect 
of any other Reference Entity. 
(d) 
In addition, in the case of Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities: 
Once a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of the Triggering Reference Entity, 
where the Credit event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event Notices may be delivered 
in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
(e) 
In addition, in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, Index Credit Linked Securities or 
Long/Short Credit Linked Securities that reference any of a Non-Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, 
Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, Non-Tranched Index Exposure, Tranched Index Exposure or Basket 
Tranched Index Exposure: 
Once a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity in the Basket, 
where the Credit Event is a Restructuring Credit Event, no further Credit Event Notices may be delivered 
in respect of such Reference Entity. 
15. 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation 
If this Credit Linked Condition 15 is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms (whether by application of the 
Physical Settlement Matrix or otherwise), then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of 
Restructuring and related provisions, the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events 
described in paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition of "Restructuring" shall not be a Restructuring unless the 
Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (ii) is (A) a 
Bond and/or (B) an Obligation with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of 
the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six and two-thirds is required to consent 
to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event. 
16. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference 
Entities (September 2014)" 
If this Credit Linked Condition 16 is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms (whether by application of the 
Physical Settlement Matrix or otherwise), the following provisions will apply: 
(a) 
Obligation and Deliverable Obligation. Paragraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" in Credit Linked 
Condition 13 and paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" in Credit Linked Condition 
13 are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate 
Guarantee". 
(b) 
Interpretation of Provisions. In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying 
Policy, paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" in Credit Linked Condition 13 will 
apply, with references to the Qualifying Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying 
Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, 
respectively, except that: 
(i) 
the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category and Deliverable 
Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include distributions payable under an Insured 
Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the 
Deliverable Obligation Category Bond shall be deemed to include such an Insured Instrument,

--- Page 347 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
347 
 
 
and the terms "obligation" and "obligor" as used in these Credit Linked Conditions in respect 
of such an Insured Instrument shall be construed accordingly; 
(ii) 
references in the definitions of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan to the "guarantor" 
and "guaranteeing" shall be deemed to include the "insurer" and "insuring", respectively; 
(iii) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant date the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of Accelerated or Matured, whether or not that 
characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the Issue Terms; 
(iv) 
if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation or Transferable 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are specified in the Issue Terms and if the benefit of the 
"Qualifying Policy" is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the 
"Qualifying Policy" must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument; 
and 
(v) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the term "Outstanding Principal Balance" shall mean the outstanding 
Certificate Balance and "maturity", as such term is used in the Maximum Maturity Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by which the "Qualifying Policy" 
guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will 
occur. 
(c) 
Deliver. For the purposes of the definition of "Deliver" in Credit Linked Condition 13, "Deliver" with 
respect to an obligation that is a "Qualifying Policy" means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and 
the benefit of the "Qualifying Policy" (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised 
custodian representing an interest in such an Insured Instrument and the related "Qualifying Policy"), 
and "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
Provisions for Determining a Successor. The paragraph commencing "For the purposes of this definition 
of "Successor" in the definition of "Successor" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby amended by 
adding "or insurer" after "or guarantor". 
(e) 
Restructuring 
(i) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto, paragraphs (a) to (e) 
inclusive of the definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 are hereby amended 
to read as follows: 
"(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments in paragraph (A)(x) of 
the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying Policy"; 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph (A)(y) 
of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying Policy"; 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (x) the payment or accrual 
of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph (A)(x) of the definition thereof or (y) the 
payment of the Instrument Payments described in paragraph (A)(y) of the definition thereof, in 
each case that are guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying Policy"; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (x) any Obligation under a Qualifying 
Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any 
other Obligation or (y) any Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured 
Instrument to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood that, for this purpose, 
Subordination will be deemed to include any such change that results in a lower ranking under 
a priority of payments provision applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or

--- Page 348 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
348 
 
 
(v) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of Instrument Payments 
that are guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying Policy" to any currency (other than the lawful 
currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America 
and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the 
case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro as a whole)." 
(ii) 
Paragraph (c) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby 
amended by adding "or, in the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where 
(A) the "Qualifying Policy" continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same 
Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on which the "Qualifying Policy" 
guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event and 
(B) such event is not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the "Qualifying 
Policy" after "Reference Entity". 
(iii) 
The definition of "Restructuring" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is hereby amended by the 
insertion of the following paragraph after the final paragraph thereof: 
"For purposes of this definition of "Restructuring" in and if Credit Linked Condition 15 is 
specified as applying in the Issue Terms, for the purposes of the Credit Linked Conditions the 
term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for which the Reference 
Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an 
Insured Instrument, references to the Reference Entity in this definition of "Restructuring" shall 
be deemed to refer to the Insured Obligor and the references to the Reference Entity in 
paragraphs (a) to (c) inclusive in this definition of "Restructuring" shall continue to refer to the 
Reference Entity." 
(f) 
Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation. In the event that M(M)R 
Restructuring is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and a Fully Transferable Obligation or 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the 
requirements of the relevant definition. References in the definition of "Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation" to the "guarantor" and "guaranteeing" shall be deemed to include "the "insurer" and 
"insuring" respectively. With respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is used in Credit Linked 
Condition 4 and the definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date", shall mean the specified date 
by which the "Qualifying Policy" guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of 
the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(g) 
Other Provisions. For purposes of paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" and the 
definitions of "Credit Event" and "Deliver" in Credit Linked Condition 13 references to the "Underlying 
Obligation" and the "Underlying Obligor" shall be deemed to include "Insured Instruments" and the 
"Insured Obligor", respectively. 
(h) 
Additional Definitions. 
(i) 
"Qualifying Policy" means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial guarantee 
pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments 
of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth in this Credit Linked 
Condition 16) (the "Insured Instrument") for which another party (including a special purpose 
entity or trust) is the obligor (the "Insured Obligor"). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any 
arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or 
(ii) pursuant to the express contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
or circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). 
(ii) 
"Instrument Payments" means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of 
a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic 
distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the 
ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the ultimate distribution of the Certificate 
Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) in the case of any other Insured Instrument, the 
scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the case of both (A) and (B) excluding sums in

--- Page 349 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
349 
 
 
respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption 
premiums and other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the "Qualifying 
Policy"). 
(iii) 
"Certificate Balance" means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass 
through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate 
balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
17. 
Calculation Agent Notices 
Any notice to be delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable, pursuant to these 
Credit Linked Conditions may be given in writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone. Any 
such notice will be effective when given, regardless of the form in which it is delivered. A notice given by 
telephone will be deemed to have been delivered at the time the telephone conversation takes place. If the notice 
is delivered by telephone, a written confirmation will be executed and delivered confirming the substance of that 
notice within one Calculation Agent City Business Day of that notice. Failure to provide that written confirmation 
will not affect the effectiveness of that telephonic notice. 
For the purposes of determining the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the demarcation of days by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Reference Entity has a material connection to Japan for these purposes, Tokyo time) irrespective of the time zone 
in which such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately 
prior to midnight. 
In addition, if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final 
day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such 
day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Reference Entity has a material connection to Japan for 
these purposes, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
18. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Entities" 
(published on September 15, 2014) 
(a) 
If this Credit Linked Condition 18 is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, the following provisions will apply: provisions relating to Multiple 
Holder Obligation will be deemed to be not applicable with respect to any Reference Obligation (and any 
Underlying Loan); 
(b) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit Linked 
Conditions including, but not limited to the definition of "Obligation" in Credit Linked Condition 13, and in 
particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(c) 
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit 
Linked Conditions including, but not limited to the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" in Credit Linked 
Condition 13 and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity. 
For the avoidance of doubt with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an Underlying Loan or 
an Underlying Finance Instrument, the outstanding principal balance shall be determined by reference to the 
Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation. 
The Not Subordinated Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be construed by 
reference to the Prior Reference Obligation; 
(d) 
the definition of Reference Obligation shall be deleted and the following substituted therefor: 
(i) 
"Reference Obligation" means, as of the Trade Date, each of the obligations listed as a Reference 
Obligation of the Reference Entity in the Issue Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference 
Obligations List (each a "Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation"), as published by Markit 
Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date, any Additional LPN and each Additional 
Obligation; and

--- Page 350 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
350 
 
 
(ii) 
the following additional definitions shall apply: 
"Additional LPN" means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (a "LPN") by an entity 
(the "LPN Issuer") for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to (a) finance a loan to 
the Reference Entity (the "Underlying Loan") or (b) provide finance to the Reference Entity by way of 
a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument (the "Underlying Finance Instrument"), provided 
that (i) either (x) in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN the Underlying 
Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference Entity or (y) in the 
event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such LPN the Underlying Finance 
Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation 
Characteristics (ii) the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, 
Not Bearer, Credit Linked Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, Not 
Domestic Issuance; and (iii) the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First 
Ranking Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or 
Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of the holders of the LPNs. 
"Additional Obligation" means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the 
Reference Entity in the Issue Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List (each a 
"Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation"), as published by Markit Group Limited, or any 
successor thereto, as of the Trade Date. 
"First Ranking Interest" means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having similar effect) 
(an "Interest"), which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", or similar ("First 
Ranking") in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that such Interest may not be First 
Ranking under any insolvency laws of any related insolvency jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
"LPN Reference Obligation" means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional Obligation. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance with 
its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation constituting a Reference Obligation. 
Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the Issuer to finance 
a loan to the Reference Entity. For the purposes of the Credit Linked Conditions each such loan shall be 
an Underlying Loan. 
19. 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions in accordance with market conventions 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions (i) to 
incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by ISDA 
with respect to the settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or (b) the operation or application of 
determinations by the ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) in any manner which the 
Calculation Agent determines in a commercially reasonable manner is necessary or desirable to reflect or account 
for market practice for credit derivative transactions and/or reflect or account for a Hedge Disruption Event. Any 
amendment made in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 19 shall be notified to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13. 
20. 
Physical Settlement Matrix 
If Physical Settlement Matrix is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the provisions specified as applicable 
and, if applicable, as amended in each case as set out below, in respect of the applicable Transaction Type(s) set 
out in the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. on the Date of the Physical Settlement Matrix specified in the Issue Terms or, if no such date is 
specified, on the most recent date on or prior to the Issue Date of the first Tranche (the "ISDA Physical Settlement 
Matrix") shall apply and the relevant provisions of the Issue Terms shall be deemed to be completed on this basis 
and the corresponding line items in the Issue Terms may be deleted or reference to 'As per the Physical Settlement 
Matrix' 
may 
be 
inserted. 
The 
ISDA 
Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix 
will 
be 
available 
at 
https://www.isda.org/2011/01/20/credit-derivatives-physical-settlement-matrix-3/ (or any successor website 
thereto) (which website or any such successor website shall not form part of the Issue Terms).

--- Page 351 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
351 
 
 
Provision 
Applicable/Not 
applicable 
Amendments to ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix  
All Guarantees 
Applicable 
None 
Credit Events 
Applicable 
References to "Floating Rate Payer Calculation 
Amount" shall be deemed to be references to "the 
relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount". 
Obligation Category 
Applicable 
None 
Obligation Characteristics 
Applicable 
None 
Physical Settlement Period 
Applicable 
References to "Section 8.6 of the Definitions" shall 
be deemed to be references to "the definition of 
Physical Settlement Period in Credit Linked 
Condition 13". 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category 
Applicable 
None 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics 
Applicable 
None 
Additional Provisions for 
Monoline 
Insurer 
Reference 
Entities 
(15 
September 2014) 
Applicable 
• 
The reference to "Additional Provisions for 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entities (15 
September 2014 )" shall be deemed to be a 
reference to "Credit Linked Condition 16 – 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement 
titled "Additional Provisions for Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entities (September 
2014)"; and 
 
 
• 
the reference to "the relevant Confirmation" 
shall be deemed to be a reference to "the 
applicable Issue Terms". 
Additional Provisions for 
LPN Reference Entities 
(September 15, 2014) 
Applicable 
References to "Additional Provisions for LPN 
Reference Entities (September 15, 2014)" shall be 
deemed to be references to Credit Linked Condition 
18 (Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled 
"Additional Provisions for LPN Reference Entities" 
(published on September 15, 2014))". 
The Transaction Types applicable to Index Credit Linked Securities as specified in the relevant Index Annex 
will also lead to provisions in the relevant Physical Settlement Matrix applying and additional supplements 
and/or additional provisions depending on such Transaction Type (as applicable). The Calculation Agent may 
make such changes as it deems necessary (including but not limited to those set out above) to ensure that the 
terms of the Index Credit Linked Securities match any hedging transactions it has in place for them. If any 
additional provisions relating to the Physical Settlement Matrix are specified in the Issue Terms, this Credit 
Linked Condition 20 shall apply to the Credit Linked Securities.  
21. 
Early redemption of Reference Obligation Only Securities following a Substitution Event 
If the Securities are Reference Obligation Only Securities relating to a single Reference Entity and the event set 
out in paragraph (a) of the definition of Substitution Event above occurs with respect to the Reference Obligation, 
then:

--- Page 352 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
352 
 
 
(i) 
interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on the Credit Linked Securities from and including the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the relevant Substitution Event Date or, if no Interest Payment 
Date has occurred, no interest will accrue on the Credit Linked Securities; and 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Security will be redeemed by the Issuer at its relevant Reference Obligation Only 
Termination Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the Issue Terms in the Credit 
Linked Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, which for the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 
21 shall be the day falling five Business Days following the relevant Substitution Event Date. 
22. 
DC Resolution Adjustment Events 
If following the publication of a DC Resolution (the "Prior DC Resolution"), a further DC Resolution (the 
relevant "Further DC Resolution") is published the effect of which would be to reverse all or part of the Prior 
DC Resolution or if any DC Resolution would reverse any determination made by the Calculation Agent and/or 
the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, notwithstanding any other provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute discretion, make any adjustment(s) that the 
Calculation Agent determines is necessary or desirable to the General Conditions or these Credit Linked 
Conditions to reflect the publication of such Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution, including, without 
limitation, as a result of the impact or effect of such Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution on the Issuer's 
Hedging Arrangements.

--- Page 353 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
353 
 
 
CREDIT INDEX DISCLAIMERS 
Index Credit Linked Securities are linked to a Credit Index. 
The indices which are specified in the Issue Terms in relation to Index Credit Linked Securities (each, for the purposes of 
this disclaimer only, a "Credit Index"), are the property of Markit Indices Limited (the "Index Sponsor") and has been 
licensed for use in connection with the Credit Linked Securities. Each of the Securityholders acknowledges and agrees that 
the Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, or promoted by the Index Sponsor. The Index Sponsor makes no representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, and hereby expressly disclaims all warranties (including, without limitation, those 
of the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use), with respect to the Credit Index or any data included 
therein or relating thereto, and in particular disclaims any warranty either as to the quality, accuracy and/or completeness 
of the Credit Index or any data included therein, the results obtained from the use of the Credit Index and/or the composition 
of the Credit Index at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise and/or the creditworthiness of any entity, or 
the likelihood of the occurrence of a credit event or similar event (however defined) with respect to an obligation, in the 
Credit Index at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. The Index Sponsor shall not be liable (whether in 
negligence or otherwise) to the parties or any other person for any error in the Credit Index, and the Index Sponsor is under 
no obligation to advise the parties or any person of any error therein. 
The Index Sponsor makes no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing 
or selling the Credit Linked Securities, the ability of the Credit Index to track relevant markets' performances, or otherwise 
relating to the Credit Index or any transaction or product with respect thereto, or of assuming any risks in connection 
therewith. The Index Sponsor has no obligation to take the needs of any party into consideration in determining, composing 
or calculating the Credit Index. No party purchasing or selling the Credit Linked Securities, nor the Index Sponsor shall 
have any liability to any party for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the determination, 
adjustment, calculation or maintenance of the Credit Index. 
"iTraxx®", "Markit iTraxx® Europe" and any other Index using the title "Markit iTraxx® Europe" are service marks of 
Markit Indices Limited and have been licensed for use by the Issuer. 
"CDX™", "Markit CDX™ North American IG/HY/XO" and the title "Markit CDX.NA.IG/HY." Followed by a specified 
sector, series or version are service marks of Markit North America, Inc. and have been licensed for use by the Issuer.

--- Page 354 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
354 
 
 
ANNEX 9 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to EUA Contract Linked Securities shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for EUA Contract Linked Securities as set out 
below (the "EUA Contract Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex 
which is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between the General Conditions and the EUA Contract Linked Conditions, the EUA Contract Linked 
Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the EUA Contract Linked Conditions and the Payout 
Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Definitions 
"Abandonment of Scheme" means the Scheme is, as a result of official written public pronouncement by the 
European Community, no longer scheduled to proceed or is to be discontinued; 
"Absence of Registry Operation" means, other than by reason of the occurrence of an Administrator Event, the 
absence of: 
(a) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the Relevant Registry; 
(b) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the EUTL; 
(c) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the link between each of the Relevant Registry and 
the EUTL; and/or 
(d) 
the continued functioning of the link between each of the LSTL and the EUTL; 
"Administrator Event" means the suspension of some or all of the processes of the Relevant Registry, the EUTL 
or, if applicable, the LSTL, in accordance with the Registries Regulation by the relevant National Administrator 
or the Central Administrator (as applicable) (a) where that Relevant Registry is not operated and maintained in 
accordance with the provisions of the Registries Regulation, or any other applicable law, (b) for the purpose of 
carrying out scheduled or emergency maintenance, (c) where there has been or following reasonable suspicion of, 
a breach of security which threatens the integrity of the registries system (including any back up facilities) or (d) 
where the mutual recognition of EU Allowances under a relevant Linking Agreement has been suspended in 
accordance with the terms of such Linking Agreement; 
"Basket Component" means any EUA Contract comprised in a Basket of EUA Contracts; 
"Basket of EUA Contracts" means a basket comprising two or more EUA Contracts; 
"Central Administrator" means the person designated by the EU Commission to operate and maintain the EUTL 
pursuant to Article 20(1) of the Emissions Directive; 
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of an EUA Contract Reference Price, the relevant date or month for delivery 
of the underlying EUA Contract (which must be a date or month reported or capable of being determined from 
information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as follows: 
(a) 
if the Securities are not Rolling Futures Contract Securities: 
(i) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that date or that 
month and year; 
(ii) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the month of expiration of the 
relevant Futures Contract; and

--- Page 355 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
355 
 
 
(iii) 
if a method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the purpose of determining the 
Delivery Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to that method; 
(b) 
if the Securities are Rolling Futures Contract Securities, the delivery date for a futures contract selected 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on the Futures 
Rollover Date or if none the Issue Date. 
"Disappearance of EUA Contract Reference Price" means (a) the permanent discontinuation of trading, in the 
relevant Futures Contract or EUA Contract on the relevant Exchange or (b) the disappearance of, or of trading in, 
the relevant Futures Contract or EUA Contract Component or (c) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance 
or unavailability of a EUA Contract Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source 
or the status of trading in the relevant Futures Contract or EUA Contract; 
"Emissions Directive" means Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of October 
13, 2003 establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance trading within the Community and 
amending Council Directive 96/61/EC, as amended from time to time; 
"EUA Contract" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Annex, the EUA Contract(s) or Futures 
Contract(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"EUA Contract Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a EUA Contract: 
(i) 
where the EUA Contract Reference Price for the relevant EUA Contract is announced or 
published by an Exchange, any day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption 
Event, would have been) a day on which each relevant Exchange is open for trading during its 
regular trading sessions and notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled 
closing time; or 
(ii) 
 a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for the occurrence of a 
Market Disruption Event, would have published) a price for the relevant EUA Contract; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Basket of EUA Contracts, a day on which the EUA Contract Reference Price in respect 
of all of the Basket Components is scheduled to be published or announced in accordance with 
paragraphs (a)(i) and (ii) above; 
"EUA Contract Disrupted Day" means any day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"EUA Contract Fallback Value" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any EUA Contract, the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided to the Calculation Agent 
by each of the Reference Dealers as its EUA Contract Reference Price for the relevant Pricing Date of 
the relevant EUA Contract, provided that if only three such quotations are so provided, the EUA Contract 
Fallback Value shall be the EUA Contract Reference Price remaining after disregarding the EUA 
Contract Reference Prices having the highest and lowest values (or if more than one such highest or 
lowest, one only of them). If fewer than three such quotations are so provided, it will be deemed that 
such value cannot be determined and the relevant value shall be the good faith estimate of the Calculation 
Agent; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Basket of EUA Contracts, the price for such Basket of EUA Contracts in respect of the 
relevant Pricing Date determined by the Calculation Agent using the price or level for each Basket 
Component determined as follows: 
(i) 
in respect of each Basket Component, which is not affected by the Market Disruption Event, 
the closing price or level or settlement price, as applicable, of such Basket Component on such 
Pricing Date; and

--- Page 356 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
356 
 
 
(ii) 
in respect of each Basket Component, which is affected by the Market Disruption Event (each 
an "Affected Item"), the closing price or level or settlement price, as applicable, for such 
Affected Item on the first succeeding EUA Contract Business Day that is not a EUA Contract 
Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive EUA Contract Business Days equal 
to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Pricing 
Date is a EUA Contract Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Pricing Date 
shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a EUA Contract Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price 
or level of such Affected Item based upon the price at which the Issuer is able to sell or otherwise 
realise any hedge positions in respect of the Securities during the period of five EUA Contract 
Business Days following the last such consecutive EUA Contract Business Day; 
"EUA Contract Reference Price" means the EUA Contract Reference Price specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
"EU Allowance" or "EUA" means an allowance to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide (CO2) equivalent during a 
specified period which is valid for meeting emissions related commitment obligations under the Scheme and 
including allowances stemming from emission trading systems that are linked with the EU ETS pursuant to Article 
25 of the Emissions Directive relating to a specified compliance period which may be either the Third Compliance 
Period or the Fourth Compliance Period depending on the underlying of the EUA Contract Reference Price; 
"EU ETS" has the meaning given to it in the Emissions Directive; 
"EUTL" means the independent transaction log provided for in Article 20(1) of the Emissions Directive, the 
operation of which is further detailed in Article 5 of the Registries Regulation; 
"Exchange" means the exchange or principal trading market for such EUA Contract specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms or in the EUA Contract Reference Price; 
"Final Pricing Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Fourth Compliance Period" means the period starting on January 1, 2021 and ending on December 31, 2030; 
"Futures Contract" means, in respect of a EUA Contract Reference Price, the contract for future delivery of a 
contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to the EUA Contract referred to in that EUA Contract 
Reference Price; 
"Futures Rollover Date" means either: 
(a) 
the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
within the period ("Futures Rollover Period") specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation 
Agent, any Affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Calculation Agent or any third party) from 
time to time who directly or indirectly hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities or where no such 
party hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor, who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging 
such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or be deemed to hold such number of EU Allowances, or enter or 
be deemed to enter into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, 
such number of EU Allowances as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers 
would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the Securities; 
"Holding Account" means a form of digital record maintained in a Registry (pursuant to and in accordance with 
the Registries Regulation) that is able to be used to record the allocation (if applicable), holding and transfer of 
EU Allowances that are to be delivered in respect of any hedging arrangements entered into by the Hedge Provider 
pursuant to and in accordance with the Scheme; 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the 
context of the relevant situation), which may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or organised in

--- Page 357 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
357 
 
 
any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent or 
any of their Affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation); 
"Initial Pricing Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Intraday Price" means the Relevant Price of such EUA Contract at such time on such day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, subject as provided in EUA Contract Linked Condition 4 (Consequences of a Market 
Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks); 
"Limit Price Event" means that the settlement price of any EUA Contract or Futures Contract relating to the 
relevant EUA Contract has increased or decreased from the previous day's published settlement price by an 
amount equal to the maximum amount permitted under the applicable exchange rules for such EUA Contract or 
Futures Contract relating to the relevant EUA Contract; 
"Linking Agreement" means an agreement between the European Union and a non-Member State on the linking 
of their greenhouse gas emissions trading systems, as envisaged under Article 25 of the Emissions Directive and 
which has entered into force in accordance with its terms, as amended from time to time; 
"LSTL" means a transaction log of a non-Member State that is linked to the EUTL under the terms of a relevant 
Linking Agreement; 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the content, 
composition or constitution of the relevant EUA Contract or Futures Contract relating to the relevant EUA 
Contract; 
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence since the Trade Date of a material change in the formula 
for or the method of calculating the relevant EUA Contract Reference Price used to calculate the EUA Contract 
Reference Price; 
"National Administrator" means (a) the entity responsible for administering, on behalf of a Member State, a set 
of user accounts under the jurisdiction of a Member State in the Union Registry as designated in accordance with 
Article 7 of the Registries Regulation or (b) the entity identified as an administrator in respect of an LSTL; 
"Nearby Month", when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a Delivery Date and a Pricing 
Date, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract identified by that numerical adjective, so that, for example, 
(a) "First Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire following that 
Pricing Date; (b) "Second Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the second Futures Contract to 
expire following that Pricing Date; and (c) "Sixth Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the sixth 
Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; 
"Price Source" means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an Exchange) containing (or 
reporting) the Specified Price (or prices from which the Specified Price is calculated) specified in the relevant 
EUA Contract Reference Price; 
"Price Source Disruption" means (a) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the Specified Price 
(or the information necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant EUA Contract Reference Price, 
or (b) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source; 
"Pricing Date" means each date specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being the Initial Pricing Date, a Coupon 
Valuation Date, a Redemption Valuation Date, the Final Pricing Date or any other date on which a Relevant Price 
is to be determined or if any such date is not an EUA Contract Business Day, the immediately succeeding EUA 
Contract Business Day, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is an EUA Contract Disrupted 
Day. If such day is a EUA Contract Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of EUA Contract Linked Securities relating to a single EUA Contract, the Pricing Date shall 
be the first succeeding EUA Contract Business Day that is not a EUA Contract Disrupted Day, unless 
each of the number of consecutive EUA Contract Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Pricing Date is an EUA Contract Disrupted Day. In 
that case, (a) the last such consecutive EUA Contract Business Day shall be deemed to be the Pricing

--- Page 358 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
358 
 
 
Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is an EUA Contract Disrupted Day, and (b) the Issuer shall 
take action in accordance with the provisions of EUA Contract Linked Condition 4.2; or 
(b) 
in the case of EUA Contract Linked Securities relating to a Basket of EUA Contracts, the Pricing Date 
for each EUA Contracts not affected by the occurrence of a EUA Contract Disrupted Day shall be the 
Pricing Date, and the Pricing Date for each EUA Contract affected (each an "Affected EUA Contract") 
by the occurrence of a EUA Contract Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding EUA Contract Business 
Day that is not a EUA Contract Disrupted Day relating to the Affected EUA Contract unless each of the 
number of consecutive EUA Contract Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the scheduled Pricing Date is a EUA Contract Disrupted Day relating 
to the Affected EUA Contract. In that case, (a) the last such consecutive EUA Contract Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date for the Affected EUA Contract, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a EUA Contract Disrupted Day, and (b) the Issuer shall take action in accordance with the 
provisions of EUA Contract Linked Condition 4.2 
"Reference Dealers" means four leading dealers in the relevant EUA Contracts market selected by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Registries Regulation" means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/1122 of March 12, 2019 
supplementing Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the functioning 
of the Union Registry, as amended from time to time; 
"Registry" means the registry established by a Member State, a non-Member State or the EU, in order to ensure 
the accurate accounting of the issue, holding, transfer, acquisition, surrender, cancellation and replacement of EU 
Allowances. For the avoidance of doubt, references to a Registry shall include the Union Registry and the Holding 
Accounts within the Union Registry that are under the jurisdiction of a single National Administrator designated 
by a Member State and will together be deemed to be a Registry for that Member State; 
"Regulatory Restriction on EUA Contracts Holding" means the enactment of any EU or EU member state law 
or regulation which directly or indirectly imposes a restriction on the number of EUAs that the Hedge Provider is 
permitted to hold; 
"Relevant Price" means, for any Pricing Date, the price determined with respect to that day for the specified EUA 
Contract Reference Price calculated as provided in these EUA Contract Linked Conditions and the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
"Relevant Registry" means the Registry (or Registries) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if not 
so specified, each of the Registry in Spain and the Registry in the Netherlands; 
"Scheduled Pricing Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Market 
Disruption Event, would have been a Pricing Date on which a Relevant Price would have been determined; 
"Scheme" means the scheme for transferring EU Allowances established pursuant to the Emissions Directive and 
the Registries Regulation, and as implemented by the national laws of Member States; 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means an event or circumstance beyond the control of the Hedge Provider that 
cannot, after the use of all reasonable efforts, be overcome and which makes it impossible for such Hedge Provider 
to deliver or accept EU Allowances in accordance with the terms of any hedging arrangements entered into by the 
Hedge Provider or otherwise trade EU Allowances, or there is any limitation, restriction or impossibility of 
transfer of EU Allowances in the market generally. For the avoidance of doubt, the inability of the Hedge Provider 
to deliver EU Allowances as a result of insufficient EU Allowances available to it, whether caused by the low or 
non-allocation of EU Allowances by a Member State or any other state, the delay or failure of a Member State or 
Central Administrator to replace allowances for a subsequent compliance period or the failure to procure sufficient 
EU Allowances to meet its delivery obligations, shall not constitute a Settlement Disruption Event; 
"Settlement Price" means, in respect of a single EUA Contract, the Relevant Price, or unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in the case of a Basket of EUA Contracts, the sum of the values calculated in respect 
of each Basket Component as the Relevant Price of such Basket Component multiplied by the relevant Weighting;

--- Page 359 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
359 
 
 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means five (5) EUA Contract Business Days or such other number 
of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
"Specified Price" means, in respect of a EUA Contract Reference Price, any of the following prices (which must 
be a price reported in or by, or capable of being determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price 
Source), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (and, if applicable, as of the time so specified): (a) the high 
price; (b) the low price; (c) the average of the high price and the low price; (d) the closing price; (e) the opening 
price; (f) the bid price; (g) the asked price; (h) the average of the bid price and the asked price; (i) the settlement 
price; (j) the official settlement price; (k) the official price; (l) the morning fixing; (m) the afternoon fixing; (n) 
the spot price; (o) the arithmetic average of bid and offer prices at 5.30pm (CET time) on the Pricing Date; 
"Tax Disruption" means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, 
transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to the relevant EUA Contract 
or Futures Contract relating to the relevant EUA Contract (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to overall 
gross or net income) by any government or taxation authority after the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such 
imposition, change or removal is to raise or lower the Relevant Price on the day that would otherwise be a Pricing 
Date from what it would have been without that imposition, change or removal; 
"Third Compliance Period" means the period starting on January 1, 2013 and ending on December 31, 2020; 
"Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, trading in the 
relevant EUA Contract or Futures Contract relating to relevant the EUA Contract or, in the case of any additional 
futures contract, options contract, on any Exchange as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. For these purposes: 
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the EUA Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, on any EUA 
Contract Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if: 
(i) 
all trading in the EUA Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, is suspended for the 
entire Pricing Date; or 
(ii) 
all trading in the EUA Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, is suspended subsequent 
to the opening of trading on the Pricing Date, trading does not recommence prior to the regularly 
scheduled close of trading in such Futures Contract or EUA Contract, as the case may be, on 
such Pricing Date and such suspension is announced less than one hour preceding its 
commencement; and 
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant EUA Contract or Futures Contract relating to the relevant EUA 
Contract, as the case may be, on any EUA Contract Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if 
the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of the relevant EUA Contract 
or Futures Contract, as the case may be, may fluctuate and the closing or settlement price of the relevant 
EUA Contract or Futures Contract, as the case may be, on such day is at the upper or lower limit of that 
range; and 
"Valuation Time" means the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no Valuation Time is 
specified, the close of trading on the Exchange on the relevant Pricing Date. 
"Weighting" means the weighting (if any) to be applied to each item comprising the Basket of EUA Contracts if, 
and as specified in the Issue Terms or if no such weighting is so specified then no weighting shall apply to any 
such item. 
"Union Registry" means the Registry referred to as the "Union registry" in Article 19(1) of the Emissions 
Directive. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, for an EUA Contract, the occurrence or existence of: 
(a) 
Price Source Disruption; 
(b) 
Trading Disruption;

--- Page 360 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
360 
 
 
(c) 
Disappearance of EUA Contract Reference Price; 
(d) 
Limit Price Event; 
(e) 
Material Change in Content; 
(f) 
Tax Disruption; 
(g) 
Settlement Disruption Event; 
(h) 
Abandonment of Scheme; 
(i) 
Administrator Event; 
(j) 
Absence of Registry Operations 
(k) 
Material Change in Formula; or 
(l) 
Regulatory Restriction on EUA Contracts Holding, 
(each of which is defined in EUA Contract Linked Condition 1 above). 
3. 
Determination of Market Disruption Events 
On any date from and including the Trade Date (for this purpose it being deemed that on each such day the 
Relevant Price of an EUA Contract is required to be determined as if it was a Pricing Date) The Calculation Agent 
will determine if a Market Disruption Event has occurred acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. Where the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances is capable of triggering more than one Market 
Disruption Event, the Issuer may determine which Market Disruption Event is to be triggered, in its sole and 
absolute discretion. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers a Market Disruption Event, the 
Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the Trade Date, of any event or set of 
circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of circumstances occurs more than once. 
Where a Market Disruption Event (as determined by the Calculation Agent) has occurred on any day (an "MDE 
Date") occurring on or after the Trade Date, the Calculation Agent may in its sole discretion determine on the 
MDE Date or any subsequent date that such Market Disruption Event has occurred, regardless of whether the 
relevant Market Disruption Event is ongoing on the day of such determination. 
4. 
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks 
4.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Market Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer or shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after having been notified of such determination by the Calculation Agent, give notice 
("Market Disruption Event Notice") to the Securityholders in accordance with in accordance with General 
Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter (which notice shall be irrevocable) of the occurrence of 
such Market Disruption Event (the date on which a Market Disruption Event Notice is given, a "Market 
Disruption Event Notification Date") and set out, if determined at that time, the action that it has determined to 
take in respect of the Market Disruption Event pursuant to EUA Contract Linked Security Condition 4.2 below. 
Where the action that the Issuer or has determined to take is not, for whatever reason, set out in the Market 
Disruption Event Notice, the action that the Issuer has determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent notice 
given to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable 
after the Market Disruption Event Notification Date. 
For such purposes, a Market Disruption Event shall be considered to be "continuing" if it has not been remedied 
to the reasonable satisfaction of the Issuer. 
The Issuer shall provide Securityholders with a Market Disruption Event Notice as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the determination of a Market Disruption Event. However, neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the

--- Page 361 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
361 
 
 
Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by 
any Securityholder or any other person in connection with the Securities as a result of any delay, howsoever 
arising. If the Issuer gives a Market Disruption Event Notice, it shall have no obligation to make any payment or 
delivery in respect of the EUA Contract Linked Securities until it has determined the action that it has determined 
to take pursuant to EUA Contract Linked Condition 4.2 below. 
4.2 
Following the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the 
action described below in paragraph (a), (b), or (c). 
(a) 
No Action 
If the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion determines that the action to be taken in respect of the 
Market Disruption Event is to be "No Action", then the EUA Contract Linked Securities shall continue 
and there shall be no amendment to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion determines that the action to be taken in respect of the 
Market Disruption Event is to be "Adjustment", then the Calculation Agent acting on instructions from 
the Issuer may determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be 
made to any of the terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms (including 
adjusting any cost or cost adjustment) to take account of the economic effect of the Market Disruption 
Event and determine the effective date of such adjustment. Such adjustments may but do not have to 
include determining any EUA Contract Fallback Value(s). 
(c) 
Termination 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Market Disruption Event is to be 
"Termination", on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) 
(which such notice may be included in the Market Disruption Event Notice in respect of the relevant 
Market Disruption Event) the outstanding EUA Contract Linked Securities shall be redeemed by 
payment of the Early Redemption Amount. Payment will be made in such manner and on such date as 
shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
(d) 
General 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of a Market Disruption Event, the Issuer is under no 
duty to consider the interests of Securityholders or any other person. In making any determination as to 
which action to take following the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, neither the Issuer, the 
Guarantor nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect 
of interest), underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Securityholders or any other 
person in connection with the EUA Contract Linked Securities as a result of any such determination, 
howsoever such loss may arise including as a result of any delay in making any payment or delivery in 
respect of the EUA Contract Linked Securities. Any obligation or role of the Issuer or Guarantor specified 
in these EUA Contract Linked Conditions may be performed on its behalf by the Calculation Agent. 
5. 
Correction of EUA Contract Reference Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three EUA Contract Business Days prior 
to the due date for any payment under the Securities, if the EUA Contract Reference Price published on a given 
day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Securities is 
subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange or any other person responsible for 
the publication or announcement of the EUA Contract Reference Price within 30 calendar days of the original 
publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant EUA Contract as so corrected. Corrections 
published after the day which is three EUA Contract Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the 
Securities will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount.

--- Page 362 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
362 
 
 
6. 
Rolling Futures Contract Securities 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Securities are "Rolling Futures Contract Securities", the EUA 
Contract Reference Price in respect of the Securities will be valued by reference to rolling futures contracts each 
of which have delivery months that do not correspond with the term of the Securities. In such case, on or prior to 
the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent will select the relevant Futures Contract and for each following day until 
the Futures Rollover Date such futures contract will be the Futures Contract for the purposes of the EUA Contract 
Reference Price. On each Futures Rollover Date, the Calculation Agent will select another Futures Contract and 
such contract shall be the Futures Contract for the purposes of the EUA Contract Reference Price until the next 
occurring Futures Rollover Date. If on a Futures Rollover Date a Market Disruption Event occurs and it is 
impossible or materially impracticable for the Calculation Agent to select a Futures Contract and/or at such time 
hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities then the provisions of EUA Contract Linked Condition 
4.2 (Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks) shall apply to the Securities. 
7. 
EUA Contract Early Redemption Amount 
7.1 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify that "EUA Contract Early Redemption Amount" is applicable, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the General Conditions and in respect only of the early redemption of 
the Securities where EUA Contract Linked Condition 4.2(c) applies and the action to be taken following a Market 
Disruption Event is Termination, the  "Early Redemption Amount" with respect to each Calculation Amount shall 
be (i) as specified in or, in the case of Exempt Securities, as determined in the manner set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms or (ii) otherwise an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
D * [100% – C + [(F0 – Ft) – (S0 – St)]/S0] 
provided that such amount shall not be less than zero. 
Where: 
"C" means, in respect of each Calculation Amount of the Securities, such Calculation Amount’s pro rata share of 
(x) all costs in the Specified Currency incurred by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates in connection 
with the early redemption of the Securities, including, without limitation, any costs associated with unwinding 
any related hedging arrangements, and all other expenses related thereto, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate, 
where such amount is (y) expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount. 
"D" means the Calculation Amount.  
"EUA Contract 1" is as specified in the Applicable Issue Terms. 
"EUA Contract 2" is as specified in the Applicable Issue Terms. 
"F0" means the Strike Price, if any, specified for EUA Contract 1 in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such 
Strike Price is specified, the EUA Contract Reference Price for EUA Contract 1 in respect of the Initial Pricing 
Date. 
"Ft" means the EUA Contract Reference Price of EUA Contract 1 in respect of the relevant Final Pricing Date or, 
if a Market Disruption Event occurs or exists which affects such determination, the fair market value in the 
Specified Currency of EUA Contract 1 in respect of the Final Pricing Date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate. 
"Final Pricing Date" means such day as the Calculation Agent may select falling in the period from and including 
the [tenth] EUA Contract Business Day prior to the due date for early redemption, to and including the [third] 
EUA Contract Business Day prior to the due date for early redemption. 
"S0" means the Strike Price, if any, specified for EUA Contract 2 in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such 
Strike Price is specified, the EUA Contract Reference Price for EUA Contract 2 in respect of the Initial Pricing 
Date.

--- Page 363 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR EUA CONTRACT LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
363 
 
 
"St" means the EUA Contract Reference Price of EUA Contract 2 in respect of the relevant Final Pricing Date or, 
if a Market Disruption Events occurs or exists which affects such determination, the fair market value in the 
Specified Currency of EUA Contract 2 in respect of the Final Pricing Date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate.

--- Page 364 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
364 
 
 
ANNEX 10 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Bond Linked Securities shall comprise 
the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Bond Linked Securities as set out below (the "Bond 
Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is specified as applicable 
in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the General 
Conditions and the Bond Linked Conditions, the Bond Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the Bond Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
would have been a Valuation Date. 
2. 
Bond Adjustment Event 
(a) 
If, in respect of a Bond, (A) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the Bond Issuer announces that it will make a 
material change in the terms of such Bond or in any other way materially modifies such Bond (a "Bond 
Modification"); or (B) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the Bond Issuer at any time permanently cancels or 
discontinues such Bond or there is otherwise a permanent discontinuation in trading or trading never commences 
in such Bond and, in each such case, no successor bond exists (a "Bond Cancellation"); or (C) on any Valuation 
Date, the Settlement Price and/or its components is/are permanently no longer displayed or published on the 
relevant Screen Page for the relevant Valuation Time (a "Bond Disruption", and together with a Bond 
Modification and a Bond Cancellation, a "Bond Adjustment Event"), then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
if such Bond Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities and, if so, shall either: 
(i) 
make such adjustments to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate 
to account for the effect of such Bond Adjustment Event and determine the effective date of each such 
adjustment; and/or 
(ii) 
substitute such Bond as provided in Bond Linked Condition 3 (Bond Substitution) and make such 
adjustments (if any) to the Conditions to as it deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such 
substitution. 
If no calculation, adjustment and/or substitution can reasonably be made pursuant to the above, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, the Issuer shall be entitled to early redeem the Securities 
and the provisions of Bond Linked Condition 4 (Early Redemption following the occurrence of a Bond Event) 
shall apply mutatis mutandis as if a Bond Event had occurred with respect to the Securities. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of a Bond Adjustment Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment in 
accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall inform the Issuer and the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the occurrence of the 
Bond Adjustment Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, including, 
in the case of a Bond Substitution, the identity of the Substitute Bonds and the Substitution Date, provided that 
any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such Bond Adjustment Event 
or Bond Adjustment Event Effective Date or the proposed action. 
"Bond Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Bond Adjustment Event, the date which is 
determined by the Calcuation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion which is notified by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13.

--- Page 365 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
365 
 
 
3. 
Bond Substitution 
Any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Bond Linked Condition 2(a)(ii) shall be, and any 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Additional Disruption Event may include, a Bond 
Substitution. 
"Bond Substitution" means, in relation to a Bond Adjustment Event or an Additional Disruption Event, the 
replacement of the Bond the subject of such Bond Adjustment Event or Additional Disruption Event, as the case 
may be, with a new bond selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a replacement bond having, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, either (A) substantially similar terms and conditions as the Bond or (B) a 
replacement bond selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any criteria specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms). Such new bond shall be deemed to be a Bond in place of the Bond under these Conditions from 
Bond Adjustment Event Effective Date orr otherwise when the Bond Substitution becomes effective in effective 
under these Conditions. 
4. 
Early Redemption following the occurrence of a Bond Event 
If the Issuer determines that any one or more Bond Events has ocurred or exists during the period from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (and including) the last occurring Valuation Date, it may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, on giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13, redeem all but not some 
only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of a 
Security taking into account the relevant event triggering the early redemption, less the cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the relevant Bond 
Event (the "Early Redemption Determination Date"). 
Notwithstanding General Condition 4(h), each Security shall cease to bear interest from and including the Early 
Redemption Determination Date and no interest amounts scheduled for payment thereafter (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, including any Specified Interest Amounts) shall be payable. 
5. 
Early Redemption following a Bond Early Redemption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Bond Early Redemption Event occurs, the Issuer may give notice to 
the Securityholder in accordance with General Condition 13 and redeem all but not some only of the Securities, 
each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Bond Early Redemption Event Amount, such 
amount to be paid on the date specified in the notice of redemption and no later than 30 Business Days after the 
determination by the Calculation Agent that a Bond Early Redemption Event has occurred. 
6. 
Correction of Settlement Price 
If the Settlement Price of the relevant Bond and/or its components published on a given day and used or to be 
used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Securities is subsequently corrected by or on 
behalf of the person or entity responsible for such publication or announcement, the price to be used shall be the 
price of the relevant Bond as so corrected except that any correction published three Business Days prior to a due 
date for payment under the Securities or thereafter will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes 
of determining the relevant amount. 
7. 
Additional Disruption Event 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action 
described in paragraph (i), (ii): 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate adjustment, 
if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where 
the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or any other relevant term of the Securities 
(including, without limitation, any amount payable under the Securities) to account for the Additional 
Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If 
the Securities are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each

--- Page 366 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
366 
 
 
Security held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Security taking into account the 
Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Additional Disruption Amount"), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment 
in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer as soon as practicable and the Issuer 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of the 
Additional Disruption Event or the proposed action. 
8. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
This Bond Linked Condition 8 is applicable only if: 
(a) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
Securities which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence 
of such Knock-in Event; or 
(b) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
relevant Securities which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
9. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then, unless previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Securities will be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable and 
the Issuer shall redeem the Securities at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
10. 
Definitions 
"Accrued Interest" means in respect of a Valuation Date, the accrued interest specified in the Issue Terms and if 
not specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the accrued interest as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Additional Disruption Event" means (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms) Change in Law or 
Hedging Disruption, (ii) Failure to Deliver (in the case of Securities to be redeemed by delivery), or (iii) Increased 
Cost of Hedging, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (iv) if no such event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Failure to Deliver (in the case of Securities to be redeemed 
by delivery). 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount, in respect of each nominal amount of Securities equal to the Calculation Amount, being the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount set out in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, or if such date is 
not a Business Day, the next following Business Day and no Securityholder shall be entitled to any interest or 
further payment in respect of any such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than;

--- Page 367 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
367 
 
 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger, 
paragraph (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the Automatic Early Redemption Range, as 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified 
as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in these Bond Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment as provided in these Bond Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may 
be adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"AER Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Bond" means each bond classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Bond Acceleration" means, in respect of a Bond, such Bond has become due and payable before it would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event or default 
or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in 
respect of the relevant Bond Issuer under such Bond. 
"Bond Default" means, in respect of a Bond, such Bond has become capable of being declared due and payable 
before it would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default, or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required 
payment, in respect of the relevant Bond Issuer under such Bond. 
"Bond Early Redemption Event" means, in respect of a Bond, that the relevant Bond is redeemed early other 
than as a result of a Bond Event. 
"Bond Early Redemption Event Amount" means, in respect of each principal amount of Securities equal to the 
Calculation Amount, such Securities' pro rata share of the proceeds of redemption that in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent would be received in respect of the Bond Nominal Amount following the relevant Bond Early 
Redemption Event. 
"Bond Event" means, in respect of a Bond, the occurrence of any one or more of (i) Bond Acceleration, (ii) Bond 
Default, (iii) Bond Failure to Pay, (iv) Bond Restructuring, (v) Bond Repudiation/Moratorium or (vi) Bond 
Governmental Intervention during the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (and including) the last 
occurring Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified to the Issuer by the Calculation 
Agent.  
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Bond Event in respect of a Bond, such occurrence will constitute a 
Bond Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based 
upon:  
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Bond Issuer to enter into the relevant Bond;

--- Page 368 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
368 
 
 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Bond 
however described;  
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any 
change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or 
judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, however described; or  
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
"Bond Failure to Pay" means, in respect of a Bond, after the expiration of any applicable grace period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such grace period), the failure by the Bond Issuer 
to make, when and where due, any payments under such Bond in accordance with the terms of such Bond at the 
time of such failure. 
"Bond Governmental Intervention" means that, in respect of a Bond, any one or more of the following events 
occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means 
of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable 
to the Bond Issuer in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under 
the terms of such Bond: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of a Bond, causing the Subordination of such 
Bond to any other Bond or to any other obligation of the Bond Issuer having the same ranking 
as the relevant Bond immediately prior to the Bond Governmental Intervention; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the 
Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) hereof. 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Bond Issuer" means, in respect of a Bond, the issuer of such Bond, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Bond Nominal Amount" means, in respect of a Bond, the principal amount of such Bond equal to its minimum 
denomination, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Bond Repudiation/Moratorium" means, in respect of a Bond, the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of the Bond Issuer or a Governmental Authority: 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, 
such Bond; or

--- Page 369 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
369 
 
 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, 
with respect to such Bond; and 
(b) 
a Bond Failure to Pay or a Bond Restructuring with respect to such Bond occurs. 
"Bond Restructuring" means that, in respect of an issue of Bonds, any one or more of the following events occurs 
in a form that binds all holders of such Bonds, is agreed between the Bond Issuer or a Governmental Authority 
and a sufficient number of holders of the Bonds to bind all the holders of such Bonds or is announced (or otherwise 
decreed) by the Bond Issuer or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Bonds (including, 
in each case, by way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Bonds 
in effect as of the Issue Date:   
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including, in each case, by way of an exchange);  
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of interest or (B) 
the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Bond, causing the Subordination of such Bond to 
any other Bond or to any other obligation of the Bond Issuer having the same ranking as the relevant 
Bond immediately prior to the Bond Restructuring; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned 
currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the 
euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Bond Restructuring: 
(a) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to a Bond denominated in a currency 
of a member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in accordance 
with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union;  
(b) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a result of 
action taken by a Governmental Authority of a member state of the European Union which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of 
conversion between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there 
is no reduction in the rate of amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by reference 
to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(c) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (a) to (e) above due 
to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment 
occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(d) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (a) to (e) above in 
circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Bond Issuer provided that in respect of (e) above only, no 
such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Bond Issuer is required where the 
redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by 
Governmental Authority of a member state of the European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under (a) to (e) above 
has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the 
terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange.

--- Page 370 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
370 
 
 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in its sole and 
absolute discretion that (X) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of the Bond or (Y) the Issuer will 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Securities (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates). 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance 
with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Coupon Valuation Period" means the period specified as a Coupon Valuation Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Conversion Ratio" means the ratio specified or determined as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Bond, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Bond on which the Screen 
Page is temporarily or permanently discontinued or unavailable or the Settlement Price of such Bond and/or its 
components for such Scheduled Trading Day is/are not published or does/do not appear on the Screen Page. 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for such Bond. 
"Governmental Authority" means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof);  
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged 
with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the Bond Issuer 
or some or of all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) hereof. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the bond or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the bond or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased 
Cost of Hedging. 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Issue Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Bond Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below.

--- Page 371 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
371 
 
 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in 
respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms, 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Bond Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Barrier" means the price, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Issue Terms subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Bond Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) 
in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms, 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.

--- Page 372 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
372 
 
 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Trading Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of prices, amounts, percentages or numbers specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Bond Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Redemption Valuation Date in the Issue Terms, 
as may be adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as the Redemption Valuation Period in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Bond, any day on which the relevant Screen Page is available, 
as determined by the Calculation or, if specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms, shall have the meaning 
given to it for such Bond in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Bond, any original date that, but for the occurrence of an 
event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the Issue Terms, or any successor page or service thereto. 
"Settlement Price" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of (i) the "clean 
price" of such Bond as displayed on the applicable Screen Page at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date and 
(ii) the Accrued Interest on such Bond on such Valuation Date. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance 
with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Strike Level" means the level or percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another obligation of the 
Bond Issuer to which such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, trust or other similar 
arrangement providing that (i) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the Bond Issuer, 
claims of the holders of the First Obligation will be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second 
Obligation, or (ii) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments 
in respect of their claims against the Bond Issuer at any time that the Bond Issuer is in payment arrears or is

--- Page 373 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
373 
 
 
otherwise in default under the First Obligation. Subordinated will be construed accordingly. For purposes of 
determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another 
obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of 
collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into account and 
(y) in the case of a Bond, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was 
issued or incurred and shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date.  
"Valuation Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date, Strike Date, Strike Day and/or Redemption 
Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is 
a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Valuation Date shall be the immediately preceding 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Valuation Time" means  the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time, the Coupon Valuation Time, the 
Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-Out Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified 
in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 374 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CUSTOM INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
374 
 
 
ANNEX 11 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CUSTOM INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Custom Index Linked Securities shall 
comprise the General Conditions and the additional terms and conditions for Custom Index Linked Securities set out below 
(the "Custom Index Linked Conditions"), together with the terms and conditions as set out in each other Annex which is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and subject to completion in the Issue Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the General Conditions and the Custom Index Linked Conditions, the Custom Index Linked Conditions shall 
prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the Custom Index Linked Conditions and the Payout Conditions, the 
Payout Conditions shall prevail. 
1. 
Disrupted Day 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Issuer and the Issuer shall give notice as soon 
as practicable to the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent and the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 13 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, 
would have been a Settlement Level Date. 
2. 
Adjustments to a Custom Index 
(a) 
Successor Index Sponsor calculates and reports a Custom Index 
If a relevant Custom Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) 
replaced by a successor custom index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Custom Index, then 
in each case that custom index (the "Successor Custom Index") will be deemed to be the Custom Index. 
(b) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption Event 
If (i) on or prior to the last Settlement Level Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will 
make a material change in the formula for, or the method of, calculating a relevant Custom Index or in any other 
way materially modifies that Custom Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to 
maintain that Custom Index in the event of changes in constituent component(s) and capitalisation, contracts or 
commodities and other routine events) (a " Custom Index Modification"), or permanently cancels a relevant 
Custom Index and no Successor Custom Index exists (a "Custom Index Cancellation"), or (ii) on a Settlement 
Level Date, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a 
relevant Custom Index or it is not a Custom Index Businnes Day (a "Custom Index Disruption Event" and, 
together with a Custom Index Modification and a Custom Index Cancellation, each a "Custom Index Adjustment 
Event"), then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Custom Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on 
the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Settlement Level using, in lieu of a level made 
available for that Custom Index, the level for that Custom Index as at the Valuation Time on that 
Settlement Level Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating that Custom Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but 
using only those components that comprised that Custom Index immediately prior to that Custom Index 
Adjustment Event;  
(ii) 
in the case of (i) above, the Calculation Agent may also determine acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner such other appropriate adjustments, if any, to be made to the terms of 
the Securities to account for the Custom Index Adjustment Event and determine the effective date of 
those adjustments; or 
(iii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that no other action will produce a commercially reasonable 
result, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion may, on giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 13, redeem all but not some only of the Securities, each Security 
being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of a Security, taking into account

--- Page 375 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CUSTOM INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
375 
 
 
the Custom Index Adjustment Event (the "Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Amount") less the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the 
"Modified Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Amount"), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the relevant 
Custom Index Adjustment Event (the "Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Amount Determination 
Date"). 
Notwithstanding General Condition 4(h), each Security shall cease to bear interest from and including 
the Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date and no interest amounts scheduled 
for payment thereafter (including, for the avoidance of doubt, including any Specified Interest Amounts) 
shall be payable. 
(c) 
Notice 
Upon the occurrence of a Custom Index Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, 
notify the Issuer of any determination made by it pursuant to paragraph (b) above and the Issuer shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 stating the occurrence of 
the Custom Index Adjustment Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, 
provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of the Custom Index 
Adjustment Event or the proposed action. 
3. 
Correction of Custom Index 
If the relevant level of the Custom Index made available on a given day which is used or to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
made available by the relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant Successor Index Sponsor within the 
Custom Index Correction Period, the level to be used shall be the level of the Custom Index as so corrected; 
provided that any corrections made available after the day which is three Custom Index Business Days prior to a 
due date for payment under the Securities calculated by reference to the level of the Custom Index will be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
4. 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action 
described in paragraph (i) and (ii) below : 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate adjustment, 
if any, to be made to the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the General Conditions, these Custom 
Index Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Securities by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. If 
the Securities are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Securityholder in respect of each 
Security held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Security, taking into account the 
Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Additional Adjustment Amount"), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payments will be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment 
in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as practicable and 
the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 
stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be 
taken in relation thereto, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity 
of the Additional Disruption Event or the proposed action. 
5. 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
This Custom Index Linked Condition 5 is applicable only if:

--- Page 376 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CUSTOM INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
376 
 
 
(a) 
Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
Securities which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence 
of such Knock-in Event; or 
(b) 
Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, in which case any payment under the 
relevant Securities which is expressed to be subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
6. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then unless previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Securities will be automatically 
redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as applicable, 
and the Issuer shall redeem the Securities at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
7. 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means in the case of a Custom Index (i) (unless specified otherwise in the Issue 
Terms) Change in Law (ii) (unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms) , Hedging Disruption, and (iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Component Borrow and/or Loss of Component Borrow if specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
“AER Value” has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1 
(General Definitions). 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity. For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
respect of each nominal amount of Securities equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms or if such date is not 
a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Securityholder shall be entitled to any interest or further 
payment in respect of such delay. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means the AER Value is (A), 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Trigger paragraph (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) applying or (B) within or outside the 
Automatic Early Redemption Range, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Trigger" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Custom Index 
Linked Conditions. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Range" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified 
as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions of these Custom Index Linked Condition.

--- Page 377 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CUSTOM INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
377 
 
 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date” means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms as may 
be adjusted in accordance with the definition of “Valuation Date” below. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period” means each period specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
“Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Averaging Date” means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the Issue Terms or, if any such date is not 
a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the immediately following Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then: 
(i) 
if “Omission” is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then such date will be deemed not to be an 
Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount, as applicable 
provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Dates would occur, then the 
Averaging Date will not be omitted and the provisions of the definition of “Valuation Date” will apply 
for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such 
Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if “Postponement” is specified as applying in the Issue Terms, then the provisions of the definition of 
Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on that 
Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to 
such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be 
an Averaging Date; or 
(iii) 
if “Modified Postponement” is specified as applying in the Issue Terms then: 
(A) 
where the Securities are Custom Index Linked Securities relating to a single Custom Index, the 
Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined in paragraph (C) below). If 
the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted 
Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective 
of whether such Scheduled Custom Index Business Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging 
Date in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of Valuation Date below; 
(B) 
where the Securities are Custom Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Custom Indices: 
(1) 
if Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis) applies, the 
Averaging Date for each Custom Index shall be the first succeeding Valid Date in 
relation to every Custom Index forming part of the Basket of Custom Indices. If the 
first succeeding Valid Date in relation to every Custom Index forming part of the 
Basket of Custom Indices has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging Date, then 
(A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day shall be deemed 
to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of every Custom Index forming 
part of the Basket of Custom Indices, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with 
paragraph (ii) of the definition of Valuation Date below; and 
(2) 
if Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis) applies, the 
Averaging Date for each Custom Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the originally scheduled Averaging Date, and the Averaging Date for each 
Custom Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day (each an "Affected 
Item") shall be the first succeeding Valid Date relating to the Affected Item unless a

--- Page 378 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CUSTOM INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
378 
 
 
Valid Date in respect of the Affected Item has not occurred for a number of consecutive 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the relevant Averaging 
Date relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date for the Affected 
Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is already an Averaging Date with respect 
to the Affected Item, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, 
price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with paragraph (ii) of the 
definition of Valuation Date below; 
(C) 
for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions "Valid Date" means a Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is 
not deemed to occur. 
"Basket of Custom Indices" means a basket composed of each Custom Index specified in the Issue Terms subject 
to the Weightings. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Issue Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) (i) due to the adoption 
of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (ii) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation 
Agent determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (A) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of 
any relevant hedge positions relating to a Custom Index and/or (B) the Issuer will incur a materially increased 
cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Custom Index Linked Securities (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates). 
"Component" means, in respect of a Custom Index, any share, security, commodity, rate, index, derivative or 
other component included in such Custom Index as defined in the index rules of the relevant Custom Index, as 
determined by the Issuer. 
"Coupon Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance 
with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Coupon Valuation Period" means the period specified as a Coupon Valuation Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Coupon Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
"Custom Index" and "Custom Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Custom Index 
Linked Conditions, the custom index or custom indices specified in the Issue Terms and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly.  
"Custom Index Business Day" means (i) in the case of a single Custom Index, Custom Index Business Day 
(Single Custom Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a basket of Custom Indices or other assets, (a) Custom Index 
Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis) or (b) Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis), in each 
case as specified in the Issue Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the Issue Terms, Custom 
Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis)" means in respect of a Basket of Custom Indices, any 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (i) on which the level of all Custom Indices comprised in the Basket of 
Custom Indices is calculated and made available and (ii) that is a Custom Index Trading Day in respect of all 
Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom Indices.  
"Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis)" means in respect of any Custom Index, any Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day (i) on which the level of such Custom Index is calculated and made available and (ii) 
that is a Custom Index Trading Day in respect of such Custom Index.

--- Page 379 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CUSTOM INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
379 
 
 
"Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
(i) on which the level of such Custom Index is calculated and made available and (ii) that is a Custom Index 
Trading Day.  
"Custom Index Correction Period" (a) the period specified in the Issue Terms, or (b) if none is so specified, no 
later than five Custom Index Business Days following the date the original level was calculated and made available 
by the Index Sponsor and being the date after which all corrections to the level of the Custom Index shall be 
disregarded for the purposes of any determination made by the Calculation Agent under the Securities.  
"Custom Index Trading Day" means any day with respect to which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner it is able to acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s), asset(s) or component(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge its obligations in respect of such Custom Index under the Securities. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Custom Index Business Day on which a Custom Index Disruption Event 
has occurred or is continuing, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner.  
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or component(s) it deems necessary to hedge the component(s) price risk or other relevant 
price risks including but not limited to the currency risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Securities, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s) or component(s). 
"Hedging Components" means the number or amount of components comprised in a Custom Index that the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates deems necessary to hedge the component(s) price risk or other relevant price risks of 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Securities. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) (a) to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or component(s) it deems necessary to hedge the component(s) price risk or other relevant 
price risks (including, without limitation, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Securities, or (b) to realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or 
transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or component(s) relating to any hedge positions in the 
relevant Custom Index, provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer, and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased 
Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Component Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate to 
borrow any component(s) comprised in a Custom Index that is greater than the Initial Component Loan Rate as 
applicable. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to a Custom Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to 
such Custom Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Custom Index on a regular 
basis during each Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified 
for such Custom Index in the Issue Terms. 
"Initial Component Loan Rate" means in respect of a component comprised in a Custom Index, the Initial 
Component Loan Rate specified in relation to such component in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Barrier" means the level, amount, percentage or number specified as such in the Issue Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Custom Index Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below.

--- Page 380 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CUSTOM INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
380 
 
 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-in Event" means the Knock-in Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-in Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-in Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in 
respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Beginning Date Scheduled Custom Index Business Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms 
and such date is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the next following Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day. 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-in Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Custom Index Business Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the next following Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day. 
"Knock-in Range" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Custom Index Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-in Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Knock-out Barrier" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms, subject 
to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of these Custom Index Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means each date specified as such in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
"Knock-out Event" means the Knock-out Value is (A): 
(i) 
greater than; 
(ii) 
greater than or equal to; 
(iii) 
less than; or 
(iv) 
less than or equal to, 
the Knock-out Barrier or (B) within or outside the Knock-out Range (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) 
in respect of any Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the Issue Terms, 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out 
Period Beginning Date Scheduled Custom Index Business Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue

--- Page 381 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CUSTOM INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
381 
 
 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the next following Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day. 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or, if the Knock-out Period 
Ending Date Scheduled Custom Index Business Day Convention is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and 
such date is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the next following Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day. 
"Knock-out Range" means the range of levels, amounts, numbers or percentages specified as such or otherwise 
determined in the applicable Issue Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of these Custom Index Linked Conditions. 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
"Knock-out Value" has the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms, being a term defined in Payout Condition 5.1. 
"Loss of Component Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any component(s) comprised in a Custom Index in an 
amount equal to the Hedging Components at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Component Loan Rate. 
"Maximum Component Loan Rate" means, in respect of a component comprised in a Custom Index, the 
Maximum Component Loan Rate specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in 
accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Redemption Valuation Date in the Issue Terms, 
as may be adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as the Redemption Valuation Period in the Issue 
Terms. 
"Scheduled Custom Index Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Custom Index, Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Custom Indices, (a) 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis) or (b) Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
(Per Custom Index Basis), in each case as specified in the Issue Terms, provided that if no such specification is 
made in the Issue Terms, Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis)" means in respect of a Basket of Custom 
Indices, any day on or in respect of which (i) the level of all Custom Indices comprised in the Basket of Custom 
Indices is scheduled to be calculated and made available and (ii) that is scheduled to be a Custom Index Trading 
Day in respect of all Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom Indices.  
"Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis)" means in respect of any Custom Index, 
any day on or in respect of which (i) the level of such Custom Index is scheduled to be calculated and made 
available and (ii) that is scheduled to be a Custom Index Trading Day in respect of such Custom Index. 
"Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom Index Basis)" means any day on or in respect of which 
(i) the level of the Custom Index is scheduled to be calculated and made available and (ii) that is scheduled to be 
a Custom Index Trading Day.  
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Level" means, subject as referred to in relation to any Settlement Level Date:

--- Page 382 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CUSTOM INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
382 
 
 
(i) 
in relation a Custom Index, the level of the Custom Index as at relevant Valuation Time on the relevant 
Settlement Level Date, as calculated and made available by the relevant Index Sponsor and determined 
by the Calculation Agent or, 
(ii) 
if so specified in the Issue Terms, the level of the Custom Index determined by the Calculation Agent as 
set out in the Issue Terms at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Level Date. 
"Settlement Level Date" means an Averaging Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Custom Index Business Days or such 
other number of Scheduled Custom Index Business Days specified in the Issue Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance with the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, as may be adjusted in accordance 
with the definition of "Valuation Date" below. 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as the Strike Period in the Issue Terms. 
"Valuation Date" means the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, Coupon Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Observation Date, Strike Date, Strike Day, and/or the 
Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified in the Issue Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Securities relating to a single Custom Index, the Valuation Date shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the number of consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, 
(i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Settlement Level by determining the level of the Custom Index as of the Valuation Time 
on the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating the Custom Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using the prices or levels traded or quoted as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day for each component comprised in the Custom Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant component on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant 
component as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day) and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Custom Indices: 
(A) 
if Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis) applies, the Valuation 
Date for each Custom Index, shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Custom Index forming part of the Basket of 
Custom Indices unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Custom Index forming part of the Basket 
of Custom Indices. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for each Custom Index forming part of the Basket 
of Custom Indices, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to 
one or more Custom Indices (each an "Affected Item") and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine (a) the Settlement Level of each Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating that Affected Item last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the prices or levels traded or quoted as of the Valuation Time on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day for each component comprised in that 
Affected Item (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the

--- Page 383 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CUSTOM INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
383 
 
 
relevant component on the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, its 
good faith estimate of the value for the relevant component as of the Valuation Time on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day) and otherwise in accordance with the 
above provisions and (b) the Settlement Level of each Custom Index that is not an Affected 
Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day as specified in the Issue Terms and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; or 
(B) 
if Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis) applies, the Valuation Date 
for each Custom Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Custom Index affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day (each an "Affected Item") shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number 
of consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating 
to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day with respect to the Affected Item, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Settlement Level of the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in accordance with the formula 
for and method of calculating the level of the Affected Item last in effect prior to the occurrence 
of the first Disrupted Day using the prices or levels traded or quoted as of the Valuation Time 
on the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day for each component 
comprised in the Affected Item (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of the relevant component on the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant component as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day) and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions. 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(i) 
the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time, the Coupon Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation 
Time, the Knock-Out Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the Issue 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if not specified in the Issue Terms, the time by reference to which the Index Sponsor determines the level 
of the Custom Index. 
"Weighting" means the weighting (if any) to be applied to each item comprising the Basket of Custom Indices if, 
and as specified in the Issue Terms or if no such weighting is so specified then no weighting shall apply to any 
such item. 
8. 
Index Disclaimer 
The Custom Index Linked Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any Custom Index or any 
Index Sponsor and no Index Sponsor makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as 
to the results to be obtained from the use of the Custom Index and/or the levels at which the Custom Index stands 
at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No Custom Index or Index Sponsor shall be liable 
(whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Custom Index and the Index Sponsor is 
under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. No Index Sponsor is making any representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection 
with the Custom Index Linked Securities. The Issuer shall have no liability to the Securityholders for any act or 
failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Custom 
Index.

--- Page 384 ---
FORM OF SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
384 
 
 
FORM OF SECURITIES 
The Securities of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached, Bearer Securities will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S. 3(a)(2) Notes will be issued only as Registered Securities. Registered Securities (other than 3(a)(2) 
Notes) will be issued both outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Regulation S and within the United States in reliance on Rule 144A, and such Registered Securities in definitive 
form may be sold, in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V., to Institutional Accredited 
Investors who are also QPs and, in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V., to Institutional 
Accredited Investors and, in either case, to non-US persons. Registered Securities issued by BBVA Global 
Securities B.V. may be issued as 3(a)(2) Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Bearer Securities and Registered 
Securities are collectively referred to as "Certificated Securities". 
Bearer Securities 
Each Tranche of Bearer Securities will be initially issued in the form of a temporary bearer global security (a 
"Temporary Bearer Global Security") or a permanent global security (a "Permanent Bearer Global Security") 
as indicated in the Issue Terms, which, in either case, will (i) if the Global Securities are intended to be issued in 
new global security ("NGS") form, as stated in the Issue Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date 
of the Tranche to a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (ii) if the Global Securities 
are not intended to be issued in NGS form, as stated in the Issue Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Securities issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGS form, the applicable Issue Terms will 
also indicate whether or not such Global Securities are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Securities are to be so held means that the Securities of a 
particular Tranche are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Securities of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time 
during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common 
safekeeper for NGSs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Whilst any Bearer Security is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Security, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Securities due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Security if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Security is not intended to be issued in NGS form) only to the extent that certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) 
to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Security is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Securities of the same Series with, where applicable, coupons and talons attached (as indicated 
in the Issue Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Securities, to such notice period as is specified in 
the Issue Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons will 
not be able to receive definitive Bearer Securities. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Security will not be 
entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, 
upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Security for an interest in a Permanent Bearer 
Global Security or for definitive Bearer Securities is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Security will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Bearer Global Security if the Permanent Bearer Global Security is not intended to be issued in NGS 
form) without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 385 ---
FORM OF SECURITIES 
 
 
385 
 
 
The Issue Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Securities with, where applicable, coupons and talons attached upon 
either (i) not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Security) to the Principal Paying Agent 
as described therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" 
means that (1) an Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 9) has occurred and is continuing, (2) the 
Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or 
(3) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Securities represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Security in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give 
notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Security) or the Issuer, as the case may be, may give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described in paragraph (ii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the first 
relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. If the Global Security is a NGS, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. 
In the event that the Permanent Bearer Global Security is exchanged for definitive Bearer Securities, such 
definitive Bearer Securities shall be issued in the minimum Specified Denomination only. Securityholders who 
hold Securities in the relevant clearing system in amounts that are not integral multiples of the Specified 
Denomination may need to purchase or sell, on or before the Exchange Date, a nominal amount of Securities such 
that their holding is an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination. 
The following legend will appear on Bearer Securities: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Bearer Securities or Coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain 
on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Securities or interest coupons. 
Securities which are represented by a Bearer Global Security will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Bearer Securities with a term of more than one year (taking into account any unilateral right to extend the term) 
will be issued either in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulations 1.163-5(c)(1)(ii) 
and 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) ("TEFRA D"), which definition shall include any successor rules for the purposes of 
Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986) or in accordance with the provisions of United States 
Treasury Regulations 1.163-5(c)(1)(ii) and 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) ("TEFRA C"), which definition shall include any 
successor rules for the purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986). Bearer Securities 
issued in accordance with TEFRA D will be represented upon issue by a Temporary Bearer Global Security. 
Bearer Securities issued in accordance with TEFRA C will be represented upon issue by a Permanent Bearer 
Global Security. Each Temporary Global Security and Permanent Global Security will be delivered on or prior to 
the issue date for the relevant tranche to a common depositary (in the case of Securities not in NGS form) or 
common safekeeper (in the case of Securities in NGS form) acting as agent for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Beneficial interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security issued in accordance with TEFRA C 
will be exchangeable at any time and without any requirement for certification for Definitive Bearer Securities, 
in accordance with the terms of such Permanent Bearer Global Security and as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Interests in a Temporary Bearer Global Security issued in accordance with TEFRA D will be exchangeable 
either for Definitive Bearer Securities or for interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Security, on or after the date 
which is forty (40) days after the date on which such Temporary Bearer Global Security is issued and upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership thereof or otherwise as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations, 
in accordance with the terms of such Temporary Bearer Global Security and as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 386 ---
FORM OF SECURITIES 
 
 
386 
 
 
For the purposes of complying with TEFRA D, Bearer Securities may not be offered or sold to a United States 
person. "United States person" means any person who is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) a citizen or 
resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity created or organised under the laws of 
the United States or any political subdivision thereof or therein, or (iii) an estate or trust the income of which is 
subject to United States taxation regardless of its source. 
Registered Securities 
The Registered Securities of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold in 
offshore transactions to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented by a global 
security in registered form, without Receipts or Coupons, (a "Regulation S Global Security") which will be 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common safekeeper (if the Regulation S Global Security is issued under 
the new safekeeping structure ("NSS")) or a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a common 
nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as 
defined in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of the Securities, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global 
Security may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person save as otherwise provided 
in General Condition 2 and such Regulation S Global Security will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on 
transfer. 
The Registered Securities of each Tranche issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V. may only be offered and sold 
in the United States or to U.S. persons in private transactions (a) to "qualified institutional buyers" within the 
meaning of Rule 144A ("QIBs") who are also "qualified purchasers" within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) 
of the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act") and the rules and regulations 
thereunder ("QPs"), or (b) to "accredited investors" (as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) under the 
Securities Act) that are institutions ("Institutional Accredited Investors") who are also "qualified purchasers" 
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 
(the "1940 Act") and the rules and regulations thereunder ("QPs"), who agree to purchase the Securities for their 
own account and not with a view to the distribution thereof. The Registered Securities of each Tranche sold to 
QIBs who are also QPs will be represented by a global security in registered form (a "Rule 144A Global 
Security"). 
The Registered Securities of each Tranche issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V. (other than 3(a)(2) Notes) may 
only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons in private transactions (a) to QIBs or (b) to 
Institutional Accredited Investors who agree to purchase the Securities for their own account and not with a view 
to the distribution thereof. The Registered Securities of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a Rule 
144A Global Security. 
The Registered Securities of each Tranche that are 3(a)(2) Notes issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V. will be 
represented by a global security in registered form (a "3(a)(2) Global Security" and, together with a Regulation 
S Global Security and a Rule 144A Global Security, the "Registered Global Securities"). Unless otherwise set 
forth in the Issue Terms, 3(a)(2) Notes will be issued only in minimum denominations of US$1,000 (or the 
approximate equivalent in the applicable Specified Currency). 
Registered Global Securities will either (a) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, DTC for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) be deposited with a common 
depositary for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
specified in the Issue Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Securities will be entitled 
or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive 
Securities in fully registered form. 
Registered Global Securities issued in respect of any Tranche and deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper, and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure for registered global securities, are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. This does not necessarily mean that the Securities of such Tranche will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life, as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Registered Securities of each Tranche issued on a partly paid basis ("Partly Paid Securities") will be in definitive 
form, registered in the name of the holder thereof. The Registered Securities of each Tranche issued by BBVA

--- Page 387 ---
FORM OF SECURITIES 
 
 
387 
 
 
Global Markets B.V. sold to Institutional Accredited Investors who are also QPs and the Registered Securities of 
each Tranche issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V. sold to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in 
definitive form, registered in the name of the holder thereof ("Definitive IAI Registered Securities"). Unless 
otherwise set forth in the Issue Terms, Definitive IAI Registered Securities will be issued only in minimum 
denominations of US$250,000 and integral multiples of US$1,000 in excess thereof (or the approximate 
equivalents in the applicable Specified Currency). Definitive IAI Registered Securities will be subject to the 
restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear the restrictive legend described under "Subscription and Sale 
and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Institutional Accredited Investors who are also QPs that hold Definitive 
IAI Registered Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V. and Institutional Accredited Investors that hold 
Definitive IAI Registered Securities issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V. may elect to hold such Securities 
through DTC, but transferees acquiring the Securities in transactions exempt from Securities Act registration 
pursuant to Regulation S or Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) may do so upon satisfaction of the 
requirements applicable to such transfer as described under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". The Rule 144A Global Security and the Definitive IAI Registered Securities will be subject to 
certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. Payments of 
principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Securities will, in the absence of 
provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register (as defined in General Condition 1) as 
the registered holder of the Registered Global Securities. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), any 
Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Securities or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Securities in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in General Condition 5) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided 
in that General Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Security will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Securities without Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (a) an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, (b) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Securities represented by the Registered Global Security in definitive form, (c) in the case of Securities 
registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the 
Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, no successor clearing system is available, (d) 
in the case of Securities registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is 
unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Securities and no alternative clearing system is 
available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act or (e) the Securities 
are required to be removed from (in the case of Securities registered in the name of a nominee for a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (in the 
case of Securities registered in the name of a nominee for DTC) DTC and, in either case, no alternative clearing 
system is available. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 
13 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global 
Security) or the Issuer, as the case may be, may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
In the case of Securities listed on MOT or admitted to trading on SeDeX or on EuroTLX, the Record Date will be 
fixed in accordance with the rules of Borsa Italiana and any relevant guidelines and may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Transfer of Interests 
Interests in a Registered Global Security may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be transferred 
to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Security or in the form of a Definitive 
IAI Registered Security and Definitive IAI Registered Securities may, subject to compliance with all applicable 
restrictions, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Securities in the form of an interest in a Registered 
Global Security. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Security will be able to transfer such 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg,

--- Page 388 ---
FORM OF SECURITIES 
 
 
388 
 
 
in each case to the extent applicable, in each case. Registered Securities are also subject to the restrictions on 
transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions, see "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Securities is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Securities at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Securities 
of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code, and ISIN and, where applicable, a CUSIP and CINS 
number which are different from the common code and ISIN, CUSIP and CINS assigned to Securities of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall 
not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) applicable to the 
Securities of such Tranche. 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Security held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC or its nominee each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or of DTC as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Securities (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as to the nominal amount of such Securities 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest 
error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Securities for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount 
of such Securities and, in the case of DTC or its nominee, voting, giving consents or making requests, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Security or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global 
Security shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and their agents as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Security and the expressions 
"Securityholder" and "holder of Securities" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Except in relation to Securities issued in NGS form, any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system specified in the Issue Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the 
Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent. A Security may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain 
circumstances described in General Condition 9. In such circumstances, where any Security is still represented by 
a Global Security and the Global Security (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of such Securities and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in 
accordance with the provisions of the Global Security within a period of 15 days from the giving of a notice by a 
holder with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg of such Securities so represented and credited to its securities 
account that it wishes to accelerate such Securities, then holders of interests in such Global Security credited to 
their accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as the case may be, will become 
entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant dated June 23, 2023 and 
executed by the Issuer (the deed of covenant applicable to a Tranche of Securities, the "Deed of Covenant"). In 
addition, holders of interests in such Global Security credited to their accounts with DTC may require DTC to 
deliver Definitive Securities in registered form in exchange for their interest in such Global Security in accordance 
with DTC's standard operating procedures. 
The following will appear on Securities that are Non-Exempt Securities: 
[Final Terms 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms. 
The Final Terms will contain the information required under Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") and under Article 29 of the Commission Delegated Regulation EU 2019/980.] 
The following will appear on Securities that are Exempt Securities 
[Pricing Supplement

--- Page 389 ---
FORM OF SECURITIES 
 
 
389 
 
 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement.]

--- Page 390 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
 
 
390 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms for Non-Exempt Securities which will be completed for each Tranche of 
Securities issued under the Programme. 
[Date] 
[BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law with its seat 
in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but its tax residency in Spain) 
(as "Issuer") 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 213800L2COK1WB5Q3Z55]1 
Issue of [[Aggregate Nominal Amount][Nominal Amount][Number] of Tranche] [Title of [Notes]/[Certificates]] 
(the "[Notes]/[Certificates]") 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Structured Medium Term Securities Programme 
guaranteed by 
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain) 
(as "Guarantor") 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] are not intended to be offered, distributed or otherwise made available to any investor 
classified as retail investor in the jurisdiction where the [Notes]/[Certificates] are to be offered or otherwise made 
available.] 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND UNITED KINGDOM 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] are not intended to be offered, distributed or sold to any investor in [the European 
Economic Area ("EEA")] [or] [the United Kingdom ("UK")], and no person may offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any [Notes]/[Certificates] which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by these Final Terms to any investor in [the European Economic Area] [or] [the United Kingdom].]2 
[These Final Terms have been prepared on the basis that any offer of [Notes]/[Certificates] in [[(a)] any Member 
State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers 
of [Notes]/[Certificates]] [and] [[(b)] the United Kingdom ("UK") will be made pursuant to an exemption under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK Prospectus Regulation and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended, the "FSMA") from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of [Notes]/[Certificates]]. 
Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of [Notes]/[Certificates] in [[(a)] any Member State 
of the European Economic Area which are the subject of the offering contemplated in these Final Terms may only 
do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer] [and] [[(b)] the United Kingdom which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated in these Final Terms may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the 
Issuer or the Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or section 85 
 
1 
Insert for Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
2 
Insert where the Securities are going to be sold only outside the EEA and the UK.

--- Page 391 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
391 
 
 
of the [Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, the "FSMA")][FSMA] or to supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer]. 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the [Notes]/[Certificates] may only do so: 
(a) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in paragraph 9 of Part B below, provided such person 
is a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined the Base Prospectus) and that the offer is 
made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that any conditions relevant to the use of 
the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(b) 
otherwise, in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to: 
[[(i)] publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer][; [[(ii)] publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA") (the "UK Prospectus Regulation") or section 85 of the [Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended, the "FSMA")][FSMA] or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer]. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
[Notes]/[Certificates] in any other circumstances. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO [EEA RETAIL INVESTORS] [AND] [UK RETAIL INVESTORS] – 
[Consistent with the foregoing paragraph,]3 the [Notes]/[Certificates] are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any [EEA retail investor in [the European Economic Area (the "EEA")][the EEA]] 
[or any] [UK retail investor in][ the United Kingdom ("UK")][the UK]]. [Consequently,] [no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the [Notes]/[Certificates] or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the [Notes]/[Certificates] or otherwise making them available to any 
EEA retail investor may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] [In addition,] [no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA")][EUWA] (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the [Notes]/[Certificates] or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the [Notes]/[Certificates] or otherwise making them available to any 
UK retail investor may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPS Regulation]. [For the purposes of this provision,] [an 
EEA retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a "retail client" as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of [MiFID II][Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]4; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
[Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"); or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation")][the 
Prospectus Regulation].] [In addition,] [a UK retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a "retail 
client" as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the [FSMA][Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA")] and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA].] 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any EEA retail investor other than in accordance with Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") and in each case in accordance with the additional requirements 
(if any) of the national competent authority in the Member State of EEA (the "Relevant State")]. [Pursuant to the 
PRIIPs Regulation, any Relevant State may require the ex-ante notification of the key information document (the 
"KID") to the competent authority for PRIIPs marketed in that Relevant State (a "Notification State").]  [In the 
EEA, the [Notes]/[Certificates] should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any EEA retail investor 
in any Notification State unless all relevant requirements in such Notification State have been first complied with.] 
 
3  
Insert where the Securities are going to be sold only outside the EEA and the UK. 
4  
To be included if TM legends switched off, as MiFID not then defined anywhere.

--- Page 392 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
392 
 
 
[In the EEA, where the Notification State requires a KID to be provided in a particular language, to the extent that 
BBVA has not already prepared a KID in such language, the [Notes]/[Certificates] should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any EEA retail investor in any such Notification State until a KID has been prepared 
by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. in the relevant language.] [In the EEA, responsibility for compliance 
with any ex-ante notification and any ongoing regulatory obligation in respect of such KID in such Notification 
State shall lie solely with the person offering, selling or otherwise making the [Notes]/[Certificates] available in 
the Notification State.] [For these purposes,] [an "EEA retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.]]5 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE] [AND] [UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE] TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the]/[each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the [Notes]/[Certificates] has led to the conclusion that: (i) [[(A)] the MiFID II target 
market for the [Notes]/[Certificates] is [eligible counterparties][,][ and] [professional clients][ and retail clients,] 
[[each] as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MIFID II][; and] [[(B)] the UK MiFIR 
target market for the [Notes]/[Certificates] is [eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")][,][ and] [professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA")][EUWA][ 
and retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA]]; [and] [[(ii)] in the EEA, all channels for distribution of the [Notes]/[Certificates] 
are appropriate]]/ [(ii)] in the EEA, the following channels for distribution of the [Notes]/[Certificates] are 
appropriate: [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services] [[(ii)] in the EEA, (A) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (B) the following channels for distribution of the [Notes]/[Certificates] to retail clients are 
appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services] [, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]][; 
and] [[(iii)] in the UK, all channels for distribution of the [Notes]/[Certificates] are appropriate]]/ [(iii)] in the UK, 
the following channels for distribution of the [Notes]/[Certificates] are appropriate: [investment advice][,/ and] 
[portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services] [(iii) in the UK, (A) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (B) the following channels 
for distribution of the [Notes]/[Certificates] to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio 
management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services] [, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes]/[Certificates] (for the purposes of this paragraph, a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, [[(a)] a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable;] [and] [[(b)] a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes]/[Certificates] (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable.]]]6. 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions of the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] (and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated June 23, 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] (the "Base Prospectus"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the [Notes]/[Certificates] described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the offer of the [Notes]/[Certificates] is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms 
 
5  
Insert as necessary, where the product is a PRIIP for sale in the EEA for which a KID will be prepared. 
6  
Include as necessary where the product is a PRIIP for sale in the EEA, for which a KID will be prepared.

--- Page 393 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
393 
 
 
and the Base Prospectus. [A summary of the [Notes]/[Certificates] is annexed to these Final Terms]7. The Base 
Prospectus [has] [together with these Final Terms have] been published on the website of [Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)][specify]. All references in the Base Prospectus and the General 
Conditions to the Securities shall mean the [Notes]/[Certificates].]8 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions of the 
Securities (and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 
[original date] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [current date].9 This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the [Notes]/[Certificates] described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [has] [together with these 
Final 
Terms 
have] 
been 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
[Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)]specify]. All references in the Base Prospectus and the General 
Conditions to the Securities shall mean the [Notes]/[Certificates]. 
[For purposes of these Final Terms all references to each of the terms used in these Final Terms set out in the left 
column of the table below shall be construed as references to the corresponding term in the Base Prospectus set 
out in the right column below. All related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Terms used in these Final Terms10 
Terms used in the Base Prospectus11 
["termination", "terminate" and "terminated"][specify 
other relevant term] 
["redemption", "redeem" and "redeemed"][specify other 
relevant term] 
["invested amount"][specify other relevant term] 
["nominal" and "nominal amount" (respectively)]
[specify other relevant term] 
["termination", "terminate" and "terminated"][specify 
other relevant term] 
["settlement" and "settle" and "settled"][specify other 
relevant term] 
["coupon", "Coupon Payment Date", "Coupon Period 
End 
Date(s), 
"Coupon 
Period"and 
"Coupon 
Rate"][specify other relevant term] 
["interest", "Interest Payment Date(s)", Interest Period 
End 
Date(s), 
"Interest 
Period" 
and 
"Interest 
Rate"][[specify other relevant term] 
["final termination date"][specify other relevant term] 
["maturity date"][specify other relevant term] 
]12 
[[In particular, in][In] case of Certificates intended to be offered in Italy [and/or to be traded on SeDeX] [and/or 
EuroTLX], references in these Final Terms to (i) "redemption", "redeem" and "redeemed", respectively, shall be 
construed to be to "termination" and "terminate" and "terminated", (ii) "nominal" and "nominal amount", 
respectively, shall be construed to be to "invested amount", (iii) "settlement" and "settle" and "settled", 
respectively, shall be construed to be to "termination" and "terminate" and "terminated", (iv) "interest" shall be 
construed to be to "coupon"and (v) "maturity date" shall be construed to be to "final termination date", and all 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly.] 
 
7  
Delete in the case of an issue of Securities with minimum denomination equal to or greater than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency) 
8 
Include this for all securities unless the first tranche of the issue which is being increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with 
an earlier date. 
9  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of the issue which is being increased was issued under a Base 
Prospectus with an earlier date. 
10  
Including where used in any defined term. 
11  
Including where used in any defined term. 
12  
To be included for all securities to be listed and/or traded in Italy. In the following, the respective terms and defined terms used in 
these Final Terms shall be replaced accordingly by the relevant corresponding terms to be used for securities to be listed and/or 
traded in Italy.

--- Page 394 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
394 
 
 
[Investors should note that if a supplement to or an updated version of the Base Prospectus is published at any 
time during the Offer Period (as defined below), such supplement or updated Base Prospectus as the case may be, 
will be published and made available in accordance with the arrangements applied to the original publication of 
these Final Terms. Any investors who have indicated acceptances of the Offer (as defined below) prior to the date 
of approval of such supplement or updated version of the Base Prospectus, as the case may be (the "Approval 
Date"), have the right within three working days of the Approval Date to withdraw their acceptances.]13 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act") or under any state securities laws, and the [Notes]/[Certificates] may not be 
offered, sold, transferred, pledged, delivered, redeemed, directly or indirectly, at any time within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, or by, any U.S. person. Furthermore, the [Notes]/[Certificates] do not 
constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) 
subject to the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in the [Notes]/[Certificates] 
has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") pursuant to the CEA. 
For a description of the restrictions on offers and sales of the [Notes]/[Certificates], see "Subscription and Sale 
and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus.] 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act") or under any state securities laws, and the [Notes]/[Certificates] may not be 
offered, sold, transferred, pledged, delivered, redeemed, directly or indirectly except (i) to a "Qualified 
Institutional Buyer" (within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) in compliance 
with Rule 144A, [who is also a "qualified purchaser" within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United 
States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act") and the rules and regulations thereunder 
("QP"), ](ii) to a person that is not a U.S. person in an offshore transaction complying with the requirements of 
Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act or (iii) pursuant to an exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act (if available).]  Furthermore, the [Notes]/[Certificates] do not constitute, and have not 
been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the U.S. 
Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in the [Notes]/[Certificates] has not been 
approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") pursuant to the CEA. For a 
description of the restrictions on offers and sales of the [Notes]/[Certificates], see "Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus.]14 
As used herein, "U.S. person" includes any "U.S. person" defined in Regulation S[ and any person that is not a 
"non-United States person" as defined in regulations adopted under the CEA.]15 
 
 [The [Notes]/[Certificates] are not collective investment schemes within the meaning of the Swiss Federal 
Act on Collective Investment Schemes of June 23, 2006 ("CISA"). Accordingly, they are not subject to the 
supervision of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority, FINMA and investors do not benefit 
from the specific investor protection provided under the CISA. Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor. [The [Notes]/[Certificates] must not be offered directly or indirectly in Switzerland except 
in circumstances falling within the exemptions listed in article 36 para. 1 FinSA16  [and must not be offered, sold 
or advertised to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) (“Retail Clients”), unless a key information 
document (Basisinformationsblatt) within the meaning of the FinSA (a "FinSA-KID") or a key information 
document pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation is made available to such Retail Client. ]17 [The Programme has been 
registered with a Swiss reviewing body (Prüfstelle) within the meaning of Article 52 FinSA (a "Swiss Reviewing 
Body") and the [Notes]/[Certificates] documented in these Final Terms may be offered, sold or advertised, directly 
or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) ("Retail Clients") 
pursuant to Article 4 para. 2 FinSA. Such offer of the [Notes]/[Certificates] to Retail Clients may only be made 
 
13  
Include in respect of issues of Securities for which the offer period spans a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the 
Base Prospectus. 
14  
Include for Securities that may be sold to U.S. persons under Rule 144A. 
15  
Include for Securities that have been determined to be permanently prohibited from being offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged 
or delivered in the United States or to a U.S. person.  
16  
Article 36 para. 1 establish the following  prospectus exemptions: if (a) the offer is made to less than 500 Retail Clients, (b) if the 
denomination of the Securities is at least CHF 100'000, (c) if the Securities may only be purchased by investors investing at least 
CHF 100'000, (d) if the offer does not exceed the cap of CHF 8'000'000 (over a 12 month period) or € the offer is restricted and 
made nly to professional investors within the meaning of the FinSA (i.e., non-Retail Cliensts). For Exempt Securities, it would not 
be possible to recognise the Programme under the rules of the FinSA and, therefore, such Securities could not be offered in 
Switzerland in a way that triggers a prospectus requirement under the FinSA 
17  
Delete where no offer into Switzerland is intended. As this disclaimer is not strictly required by Swiss law but serves as disclosure 
for investors in Switzerland, the entire disclaimer for Switzerland may be deleted in case of an international offering that has no 
particular focus on investors in Switzerland

--- Page 395 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
395 
 
 
after the registration of the Programme with a Swiss Reviewing Body according to the rules of the FinSA and if 
a key investor document (Basisinformationsblatt) within the meaning of  the  FinSA (a "FinSA-KID") or a key 
information document pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation is made available to such Retail Client. The Programme 
and these Final Terms are available on [specify website] or may be requested as hard copies on request of the 
investor at [specify address]18]19]20 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in which case 
the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for 
completing the Final Terms. Where the context so permits, Terms in these Final Terms may be attributed a 
numerical or letter suffix value when included hereon. Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted as "j", "k", 
"m", "q", "n", "t" or "i" and the term may be completed on the basis of the number or numbers represented by j, 
k, m, q, n, t or i, as chosen at the time of an issue of Securities. When applicable and in order to improve the 
reading and intelligibility of the formula(e) in the Final Terms, the applicable suffixes may be included, completed 
and explained and may be presented as a table, if necessary, in the Final Terms. Where the Final Terms specify 
that a table may be inserted, such table will set out amounts, entities, dates, items, rates, value levels, triggers, 
figures and other information which completes the definitions that appear in the relevant subparagraphs of the 
Final Terms, the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and the applicable Annex(es) to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Securities.21 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[BBVA Global Markets B.V. (NIF: N0035575J)] 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Banco 
Bilbao 
Vizcaya 
Argentaria, 
S.A. 
(NIF: 
A48265169)][Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (NIF: 
A48265169), acting through its New York Branch] 
(iii) 
Principal Paying Agent: 
 [Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch][specify] 
(iv) 
Registrar: 
[Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A.][The Bank of New York 
Mellon][Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.][Not 
Applicable][specify]  
(v) 
Transfer Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A.][The Bank of New York 
Mellon] [Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A ][Not 
applicable][specify] 
(vi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.][specify name] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[specify] (delete if Tranche 1) 
(iii) 
Date 
on 
which 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] will be 
consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
The [Notes]/[Certificates] will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date][exchange of the Temporary Global Security for 
interests in the Permanent Global Security, as referred to in 
paragraph 57 below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not applicable] 
 
18  
Upon request, the Programme and the Final Terms should be made available as hard copies.  
19  
Include where offer is not exempted from the Swiss prospectus requirements under the FinSA.  
20  
Delete where no offer into Switzerland is intended. 
21  
Remove guidance notes in italics when preparing Final Terms.

--- Page 396 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
396 
 
 
 
[Annex 1: Payout Conditions] 
 
[Annex 2: Index Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 3: Equity Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 4: ETF Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 5: Fund Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 6: Inflation Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 7: Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security 
Conditions] 
 
[Annex 8: Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 9: EUA Contract Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 10: Bond Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 11: Custom Index Linked Conditions] 
 
(More than one Annex may apply.) 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[specify] [[(the "SER Subject Currency")] for the purpose 
of the Specified Denomination and calculations [and 
payments other than those to which the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions are specified to apply;] and (payments [to 
which the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are 
specified to apply] shall be made in [specify] [(the 
"Settlement Currency").]] 
[In respect of which payments to which the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions and the SER Intermediate 
Currency Requirements are specified to apply, the "SER 
Intermediate Currency" is [specify].] 
(i) 
UVR 
Inflation-Adjusted 
[Notes]/[Certificates]22: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(ii) 
UVR 
Equivalent 
of 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount/Specified 
Denomination(s)/Calculatio
n Amount as of the [Issue 
Date][specify]: 
The [Aggregate Nominal Amount is equal to UVR [specify]] 
The [Specified Denomination is equal to UVR [specify]] 
[Calculation Amount is equal to UVR [specify]] [all these 
based on the UVR rate of [specify] in effect as of the [Issue 
Date]][specify]. 
(iii) 
Specified 
Number 
of 
COP/UVR Business Days:  
[specify] 
(iv) 
Initial UVR: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Floored UVR Index: 
[Not applicable][Applicable, for the purpose of determining 
[the Final Redemption Amount only][all payments] 
 
22  
Delete if not applicable

--- Page 397 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
397 
 
 
4. 
[Aggregate] Nominal Amount: 
[specify] [(being the equivalent of [specify] Certificates)] 
[The 
[Notes]/[Certificates] 
are 
Partly 
Paid 
[Notes]/[Certificates]] [see paragraph 53 below] 
(For Partly Paid Securities, specify the dates and amounts 
for the payment of aggregate nominal amount) 
[Part Payment Date(s) 
[specify] 
[Part Payment Amount (s)] 
[specify] 
 
[specify] [Units (each Unit being [specify] in principal 
amount of the Certificates)] 
[The Certificates are issued in Units. Accordingly, 
references herein to Units shall be deemed to be references 
to [specify] in nominal amount of the Certificates and all 
references in the Conditions to payments being made in 
respect of a Calculation Amount shall be construed to such 
payments being made in respect of a Unit] 
Tranche:  
[specify] [(being the equivalent of [specify] Certificates)] 
(delete if Tranche 1) 
[specify] [Units (each Unit being [specify] in nominal 
amount of the Certificates)] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[specify] [per cent. of the [Aggregate] Nominal Amount] 
[being the equivalent of [specify] Certificate(s)] [per 
Certificate] [plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] [payable as set out in paragraph 4 above] 
[converted into the Settlement Currency at the Initial SER, 
being [specify amount] in respect of the [Aggregate 
Nominal] Amount where "Initial SER" means [specify]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[specify] [(being the equivalent of [specify] Certificate(s))] 
(ii) 
Minimum Tradable Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] [(being the equivalent of [specify] 
Certificates)] (for Securities that are intended to be traded 
in Italy, must be one (1) or multiples in excess thereof) 
(iii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[specify] [Specified Denomination] [(being the equivalent of 
[specify] Certificate(s))] (Insert the following in the case of 
Instalment 
Securities:) 
[(the 
"Original 
Calculation 
Amount")][minus, for the purposes of any calculation by 
reference to the Calculation Amount on any day, the sum of 
the Instalment Amounts paid prior to the relevant 
day][which shall be reduced by [specify amount] after each 
Instalment Date] [save for the purposes of calculation of any 
[Interest 
Amount][Final 
Redemption 
Amount][Early 
Redemption 
Amount][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount][Optional 
Redemption 
Amount][Entitlement 
Amount] [[payable][deliverable] on [specify]][for which 
purpose the Original Calculation Amount will apply] [Not 
applicable]]]

--- Page 398 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
398 
 
 
(Insert the following in the case of Partly Paid Securities: 
[To the extent the [Notes]/[Certificates] are not fully paid up, 
the Calculation Amount and any amounts specified per 
Calculation Amount shall be proportionately reduced)] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
(Where the Credit Linked provisions are not applicable to 
the [first, second etc] Instalment Amounts then the Original 
Calculation Amount minus the sum of such [first, second etc] 
Instalment Amounts should be used for the purposes of the 
Credit Linked provisions in paragraphs 11 and 33. Where 
the Credit Linked provisions apply to a portion of the 
Securities not subject to redemption by Instalments and /or 
for a specified period of time then such portion and/or 
specified period should be used for the purposes of the 
Credit Linked provisions and specified in paragraphs 11 and 
33) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify][Issue Date][Not applicable] 
 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Securities, for example Zero Coupon Securities.) 
(iii) 
[Trade Date:] 
[specify] (may be deleted if Securities are referencing Annex 
2: Index Linked Conditions and/or Annex 3: Equity Linked 
Conditions and/or Annex 4: ETF Linked Conditions and no 
Strike Date is a Trade Date) 
(iv) 
[Record Date: (in the case of 
Securities listed on MOT or 
admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
SeDeX or on EuroTLX only)] 
[specify] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[The Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to [specify]] 
[specify] [(the "Scheduled Maturity Date")] [or if that is 
not 
a 
Business 
Day 
the 
immediately 
[succeeding][preceding] Business Day [unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event it 
will be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day]] [or such [later] date for redemption 
determined as provided in the [[Index Linked][Equity 
Linked][ETF Linked][Fund Linked][Inflation Linked] [FX 
Linked] Credit Linked][EUA Contract Linked] [Bond 
Linked] [Custom Index Linked] Conditions] [but subject to 
Credit Linked Condition 1(g)]][or, in all circumstances if 
applicable, such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Payout Condition 6]] 
[For Securities traded on Borsa Italiana, insert: Expiry Date 
(Data di Scadenza): [specify]]

--- Page 399 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
399 
 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[Not applicable][The Notes shall not pay interest] [per cent.] 
[per annum] [Fixed Rate] [Interest Leverage Multiplier: 
[specify]] 
 
[[EURIBOR][SONIA][SOFR][€STR][specify 
CMS 
Rate][specify] +/-[specify] per cent.] Floating Rate] [Interest 
Leverage Multiplier: [specify]] 
 
[Specified Interest Amount][Zero Coupon] [Switchable] 
 
(If Reference Item Linked Interest is the interest basis, 
specify one or more of the following) 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Equity Linked Interest] 
[ETF Linked Interest] 
[Fund Linked Interest] 
 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest] 
[Credit Linked Interest] 
[Reference Item Rate Linked Interest] 
[EUA Contract Linked Interest] 
[Bond Linked Interest] 
[Custom Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Combination Interest] 
[Interest Leverage Multiplier: 
[specify]] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by reference to 
the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] [only in the 
specific circumstances set out in the Interest Rate Payout 
Formula]] 
[Calculation Amount Basis will apply]23 
 
(See paragraph 16 [and [specify]] below) 
10. 
Redemption Basis: 
[Redemption at [par][specify][(see paragraph 33 (Final 
Redemption Amount)] [and] below)] 
 
(If Reference Item linked Redemption is the redemption 
basis, specify one or more of the following.) 
 
23  
Include for Interest bearing Certificates

--- Page 400 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
400 
 
 
 
[Index Linked Redemption]  
 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
[ETF Linked Redemption] 
[Fund Linked Redemption] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Redemption] 
[Credit Linked Redemption] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption]  
 
[EUA Contract Linked Redemption] 
[Bond Linked Redemption] 
[Custom Index Linked Redemption] 
[Combination Redemption] 
 
[Instalment] (See paragraph 51 below) 
 
[For purposes of 35 (Automatic Early Redemption) below: 
[Index Linked Redemption] [Equity Linked Redemption] 
[ETF Linked Redemption]. For all other purposes [Index 
Linked Redemption] [Equity Linked Redemption] [ETF 
Linked Redemption] shall apply.] 
(Include if there are different redemption bases for 
Automatic Early Redemption and other purposes) 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by reference to 
the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] [only in the 
specific circumstances set out in the Final Payout Formula] 
(See paragraph 13 below) 
[subject to Variation of Settlement, (see paragraph 54 
below)] 
11. 
Reference Item(s): 
[specify] 
[insert 
table] 
[See 
paragraph 
[specify] 
[Index][Basket 
of 
Indices][Share][Basket 
of 
Shares][Index][Indices][ETF][Basket of ETFs][Fund][Fund 
Basket][Subject Currency][Subject Currencies] Reference 
Item Rate][Reference Spread][Reference Entity(es)] [EUA 
Contract(s)] [Bond] [Custom Index] below] (Repeat if 
necessary) 
[Not applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[No][Not applicable] 
 
[Securityholder Put Option]

--- Page 401 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
401 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call Option] 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [36][37] below] 
13. 
Settlement 
Exchange 
Rate 
Provisions: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable][in 
respect 
of][all 
payments][payments of [interest][principal]only][only those 
payments to which these Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions are specified to apply]] 
[(See paragraph[s] [specify] below)] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
SER Intermediate Currency 
Requirements: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable[in 
respect 
of][all 
payments][payments of [interest][principal]only][only those 
payments to which these Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions 
and 
these 
SER 
Intermediate 
Currency 
Requirements are specified to apply]] 
 
Second Settlement Exchange Rate means [specify] 
SER Intermediate Currency means [specify] 
(ii) 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
[Specify rate] [The Settlement Price determined on [specify] as 
set out in paragraph 42 below] (if a pre-determined  rate applies 
then delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph). 
(iii) 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [SER Scheduled Trading Days prior to the 
[scheduled] [specify each payment date]] 
 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply to different 
payment dates, specify in respect of each applicable payment 
date) 
(iv) 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining the Settlement 
Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Exchange 
Rate in Payout Condition 6.3: 
 
SER Price Source: [in respect of the Settlement Exchange 
Rate:] [specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
 
SER Valuation Time: [in respect of the Settlement Exchange 
Rate:] [specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
 
SER Settlement Day Centre(s): [in respect of the Settlement 
Exchange Rate:] [specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
(v) 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability]

--- Page 402 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
402 
 
 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
SER Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] per 
cent.  
 
SER Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined 
as set out in the definition of Settlement Exchange 
Rate] 
 
SER Secondary Rate: [specify][SER First Fallback 
Reference Price [and]][SER Second Fallback 
Reference Price]] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.1. 
[Not applicable] 
(vi) 
SER Scheduled Trading Day 
City/Cities: 
[specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
(vii) 
SER Disruption Fallbacks 
(for Price Source Disruption 
and Price Materiality only): 
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the following 
order: 
[Valuation Postponement] 
SER 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement 
Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][SER Settlement Days] 
[specify] 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement: [specify] 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER First Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER Second Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] (specify fallbacks 
required and arrange order in which to be applied)] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.3]

--- Page 403 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
403 
 
 
[Not applicable] 
(viii) 
SER Cumulative Events: 
[Not applicable][Applicable and Maximum Cumulative 
Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.1] 
(ix) 
SER Number of Settlement 
Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [in respect of the Settlement Exchange 
Rate:] [specify] [and in respect of the Intermediate Exchange 
Rate: [specify]]] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
(x) 
SER Additional Disruption 
Event: 
[As per Payout Condition 6.3] [Not applicable] [The 
following SER Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies or if change of 
law does not apply) 
[[Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging] [Trade 
Date means [specify]] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
14. 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable: 
Knock-in 
Value 
[for 
[every][any] Reference Item in the Basket] is [greater 
than][greater than or equal to][less than][less than or equal 
to] the Knock-in[Barrier][[within][outside] [the Knock-in 
Range] (If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[The Reference Item Rate [1][2] is [greater][less] than [or 
equal to] the Knock-in Barrier] (Insert for Reference Item 
Rate Linked Securities) 
(i) 
Knock-in Value:  
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.1] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Barrier: 
[specify value or percentage] 
(iii) 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices 
etc] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, barrier etc] [Not applicable]  
(iv) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period][Not applicable]  
(v) 
Knock 
in 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify]][Not applicable]  
(vii) 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]

--- Page 404 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
404 
 
 
(viii) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day][Not applicable] 
15. 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out Value [for 
[every][any] Reference Item in the Basket] is [(i)][greater 
than][greater than or equal to][less than][less than or equal 
to] [the Knock-out [Barrier] [within][outside] the Knock-out 
Range] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
[The Reference Item Rate [1][2] is [greater][less] than [or 
equal to] the Knock-out Barrier] 
 
(Insert for Reference Item Rate Linked Securities) 
(i) 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.1] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Barrier: 
[specify value or percentage] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices 
etc] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc] [Not applicable]  
(iv) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a Knock 
out Determination Day][Not applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE

--- Page 405 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
405 
 
 
16. 
Interest: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, or in case of Specified Interest Amount, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[specify][Not 
applicable][As 
per 
General 
Condition 
4[(a)][(b)]] (Repeat for each Interest Period after and/or 
before the Switch Option is exercised, as applicable) 
(For Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on MOT 
select either (i) subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention or (ii) unadjusted) 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention for 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Adjusted in accordance with [Following Business Day 
Convention][Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention][Floating 
Rate Convention]] [Not applicable (unadjusted)] (Repeat for 
each Interest Period after and/or before the Switch Option 
is exercised, as applicable) 
(if unadjusted specify not applicable. If adjusted specify 
same Business Day Convention as for Interest Payment 
Dates. Unless otherwise agreed, the Business Day 
Convention where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR should be specified as Modified Following Business 
Day Convention) 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions][As defined in the 
relevant Interest Basis provisions below] [(i) Each scheduled 
Interest Payment Date set out in the table below or, in each 
case; (ii) the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately 
following the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event, whichever is the earlier] [The Maturity Date or the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following 
the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event, 
whichever is the earlier][Upon the occurrence of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event, interest shall cease to 
accrue and no further interest will be payable after the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date.] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention for 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Following Business Day Convention][Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Floating Rate Convention][Not applicable]  
 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for Interest 
Period End Date(s), unless Interest Payment Date(s) is (are) 
expressed to be a number of Business Days after the relevant 
Interest Period End Final Date, Interest Payment Date(s) 
must be subject to the same Business Day Convention) 
(v) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[specify][per cent.][per annum][Not applicable] (Repeat for 
each Interest Period after and/or before the Switch Option 
is exercised, as applicable) 
 
(If a Minimum Interest Rate applies for each Interest Period, 
the Minimum Interest Rate shall be specified separately for 
each Interest Period)

--- Page 406 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
406 
 
 
(vi) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[specify][per cent.][per annum][Not applicable] (Repeat for 
each Interest Period after and/or before the Switch Option 
is exercised, as applicable) 
 
(If a Maximum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Maximum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period.) 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual [(ICMA)][(ISDA)]] [Actual/365 
[(Fixed)][(Sterling)]] [Actual/360] [30/360/] [360/360] 
[Bond Basis] [30E/360 [(ISDA)]] [Eurobond Basis] [1/1] [1] 
[Not applicable] (Repeat for each Interest Period after 
and/or before the Switch Option is exercised, as applicable) 
 
(Where 
Actual/Actual 
ICMA 
is 
applicable, 
insert 
Determination Date(s) below) 
(Repeat for each Interest Basis as necessary) 
(Where the Reference Rate is (i) SONIA, specify 
Actual/365(Fixed); and (ii) SOFR or €STR, specify 
Actual/360) 
(viii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[specify][in each year]][Not applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In which case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon) 
(ix) 
Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of [the] [each] Interest Payment Date[s] [(from 
[specify] to [specify])][ falling [on][during the period from 
and including] [specify] [to and including [specify]] 
only]][Not applicable]]the Rate of Interest shall be 
[determined by the Calculation Agent [as][in accordance 
with the following formula(s)]]:   
 
(The above formulation may be repeated as necessary for 
each relevant interest type below) 
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
(In respect of a Rate of Interest Formula(e) from Payout 
Condition 2.1  insert formula, relevant value(s) and other 
related definitions from Payout Condition 2.1 and relevant 
definitions from Payout Condition 5).  
 
[Option FX: Applicable] (specify as applicable for each 
Rate of Interest where FX option is to apply) 
 
(If the Rate or Interest is calculated by reference to different 
Reference Items, Valuation Dates, etc. or is otherwise 
calculated in respect of each Interest Payment Date, above 
options may be repeated and numerical suffixes may be used 
to clarify which Reference Item, Rate of Interest, Valuation 
Date etc. applies in respect of the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date)

--- Page 407 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
407 
 
 
17. 
Switchable Securities: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate of Interest applicable to 
the 
Interest 
Periods 
preceding 
the 
Optional 
Switch Date in respect of 
which the Issuer Switch 
Option is exercised: 
[Fixed Rate][Floating Rate]. The items specified in 
paragraph [18]/[19] shall apply for such Interest Periods. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to 
the 
Interest 
Periods 
following 
the 
Optional 
Switch Date in respect of 
which the Issuer Switch 
Option is exercised: 
[Fixed Rate][Floating Rate]. The items specified in 
paragraph [18]/[19] shall apply for such Interest Periods. 
(iii) 
Optional Switch Date(s): 
[[specify] 
[Any 
Interest 
Payment 
Date][The 
[first][second][specify] Interest Payment Date] [[specify] in 
each year, from and including [specify], to and including the 
[specify]][, or if that is not a Business Day the immediately 
succeeding Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event it will be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.] 
(iv) 
Minimum Notice Period: 
[[specify] prior to the Optional Switch Date in respect of 
which the Issuer Switch Option is exercised] 
18. 
Fixed 
Rate 
[Note]/[Certificate] 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
44 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined repeat items 
(i) to (iii) of this paragraph for each such rate and, if Digital 
Coupon One Dual Condition of Digital Coupon two Dual 
Conditions apply distinguish between the Rate which is Rate 
A, the Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is Rate C if 
applicable) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[[specify] [per cent. [per annum] payable [annually][semi-
annually][quarterly][monthly] in arrears on [the] [each] 
Interest Payment Date[s]][Not applicable] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
(ii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount] [payable on [the][each] 
Interest Payment Date[s] falling [in][on][specify] [Not 
applicable] 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount, payable on [the][each] 
Interest Payment Date[s] falling [in][on][specify]][Not 
applicable]

--- Page 408 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
408 
 
 
19. 
Floating Rate [Note]/[Certificate] 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify] only]][Not applicable] 
[for purposes only of determining the "Rate" element of the 
Rate of Interest specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate 
of Interest - Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
44 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, repeat 
items [specify] to [specify] for each such rate and, if Digital 
Coupon One Condition or Digital Coupon Two Conditions 
apply distinguish between the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate 
which is Rate B and the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[specify length of period] [Not applicable] 
(ii) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(further particulars specified below) 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If applicable, for floating rate Securities not referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR include (a) to [(d)] below and delete 
the other sub-paragraphs) 
(If applicable, for floating rate Securities referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR include (a) to [(TBD)] (excluding (c) 
below, delete otherwise) 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[specify period] [month] [year] [EURIBOR] [SONIA] 
[SOFR] [€STR] [CMS Rate with a Designated Maturity of 
[insert 
years]][specify 
Government 
Bond 
Yield 
Rate][specify TEC Rate] [with a Designated Maturity of 
[insert years]] [specify other] 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] [[ ][prior to the [The][first] day of each Interest 
Period]] [The [second][specify] [Business Day][specify] 
falling prior to Interest Payment Date][Each Interest 
Payment Date, provided that in respect of the final Interest 
Period, the Interest Determination Date shall be the 
[second][specify] [Business Day][specify] falling prior to 
Interest Payment Date ([not] taking into account any 
adjustment made pursuant to General Condition 5 
(Payments, Physical Delivery and Exchange of Talons)) – 
use for Payment Delay only] 
(c) 
Specified Time: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(Not applicable, for SONIA, SOFR or €STR)

--- Page 409 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
409 
 
 
(d) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify][The SOFR Screen Page][ECB Website][New York 
Federal Reserve's Website] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(e) 
RFR 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(f) 
Determination 
Method: 
[Compounded Daily Rate – include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or if this is the 
chosen 
determination 
method 
where 
RFR 
Index 
Determination is specified as Not applicable][Weighted 
Average Rate] 
(g) 
Observation 
Method: 
[Observation Shift][Lag][Lock-Out][Payment Delay] 
(h) 
Observation 
Shift 
Option 
[Specify 
only 
where 
Observation Shift is 
applicable]: 
[Standard Shift][IDD Shift]][Not applicable] 
(i) 
Y: 
["Y":] means [360] (likely to be specified for USD and Euro) 
[365] (likely to be specified for GBP)][specify] [Not 
applicable] 
(j) 
"p": 
[specify] (only if Observation Shift (Standard Shift) or Lag 
are applicable]][Not applicable] 
(k) 
Effective 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[In respect of each Interest Period other than the final Interest 
Period, 
the 
date 
falling 
[two][specify] 
[Business 
Days][specify] following the Interest Payment Date, and in 
respect of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or 
redemption date (as applicable) of the Securities. [Not 
applicable] (include Not applicable if Payment Delay is not 
specified as the Observation Method) 
(l) 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[(specify) Reference Rate Business Day(s) immediately 
prior to the Interest Determination Date] [as per General 
Condition 4(b)(iv)(2)(D)] [Not applicable] (include where 
Lock-Out or Payment Delay is specified as the Observation 
Method) 
[(m) 
SOFR Replacement 
Alternatives 
Priority:  
[As 
per 
General 
Condition 
4(b)(iv)(4)][specify][Not 
applicable] (Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR)] 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
[EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters 
(if 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR 
Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA

--- Page 410 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
410 
 
 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
USD-SOFR 
/ 
USD-SOFR 
Compounded Index / USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate] 
(if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index specify 
not applicable in (e) and (f) and complete (g) below) 
(c) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] [as specified in the ISDA Definitions][the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period] 
(e) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
Compounding Method: 
[OIS Compounding] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [Five][specify] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [Five][specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [specify] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Applicable Business 
Days][specify]] 
 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: [specify] per cent.] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: [specify] per cent.]]  
(f) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
Averaging Method: 
[Overnight Averaging] 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [Five][specify] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [Five][specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]]

--- Page 411 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
411 
 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [Five][specify] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Applicable Business 
Days][specify]] 
 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: [specify] per cent.] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: [specify] per cent.]]  
(g) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [Five][specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
[Standard Index Method][Compounded Index Method] 
(h) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(i) 
Payment Delay: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[Effective 
Interest 
Payment 
Date:   
In respect of each Interest Period other than the final Interest 
Period, 
the 
date 
falling 
[two][specify] 
[Business 
Days][specify] following the Interest Payment Date, and in 
respect of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or 
redemption date (as applicable) of the [Notes]/[Certificates] 
(include if Payment Delay is specified as applicable for 
Floating Rate Option when OIS Compounding or Overnight 
Averaging is the applicable calculation method and for 
Floating Rate Option Index if Index Method is Standard 
Index Method or Compounded Index Method) 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not applicable][Applicable - the Rate of Interest for the 
[long][short] [first][last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(vi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][specify][per cent][per annum][Not applicable] 
(If a Margin applies for each Interest Period, the Margin 
shall be specified separately for each Interest Period)  
20. 
Specified 
Interest 
Amount 
[Note]/[Certificate] Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 412 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
412 
 
 
(i) 
Specified 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[In respect of [the][each] [following] Specified Interest 
Payment Date[s] [from and including [[specify] to and 
including [specify]]], [specify] per Calculation Amount][See 
table [above][below]][Insert table] (Note that for partially 
Credit-Linked Securities where the Specified Interest 
Amounts are not credit-linked, the amount specified per 
Calculation Amount should be the intended Specified 
Interest Amount per Calculation Amount multiplied by (1-
Credit Multiplier).) 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
44 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[specify][[Each][The] Interest Payment Date falling on or 
nearest to] [specify][from and including [the Interest 
Payment Date falling on or nearest to] [specify] to and 
including [the Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest 
to][specify]][, as adjusted in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention] [See table [above][below]](Insert table) 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Amount 
Multiplier: 
[Not applicable] [specify][Credit Event Reduction Factor] 
(only include where relevant for Credit Linked Securities ) 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention 
[specify][Not applicable] 
21. 
Zero Coupon [Note]/[Certificate] 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
44 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
Accrual Yield: 
[specify] per cent. [per annum] [30/360][specify] 
22. 
Index Linked Interest: 
[Applicable] [in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify] only][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" 
specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest - 
Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
44 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
[Index][Basket of Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above] [below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant 
details of where investors can obtain information about the 
Index][(see paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary)

--- Page 413 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
413 
 
 
[The (specify Index) is [not] a [Single-Exchange] [or] 
[Multi-Exchange Index] (repeat as necessary)] 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Index Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
[Exchange(s)] 
[Pricing 
Source]: and Index Sponsor]: 
(a) 
[the relevant [Exchange[s]][Pricing Source [s] 
[is][are]specify] 
[there 
are 
no 
relevant 
[Exchanges][Pricing Sources]][specify]; and  
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [specify].] 
[See table [above][below]] 
(include 
Pricing 
Source 
if 
non 
Multi-
Exchange/Single-Exchange is selected above). 
(iii) 
[Related Exchange][Related 
Pricing Source]: 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
[specify][All Related Pricing Sources] [Not applicable] 
(include Related Pricing Source if the Index is a non Single-
Exchange or Multi-Exchange Index). 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][See table [above] [below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
(vii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify][See table [above][below]][Insert table][or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(viii) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]  
(ix) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation 
Period] [[specify][As per the Index Linked Conditions] 
(x) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(xi) 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day][Index Business Day]:  
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single Index 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)]] 
(include Index Business Day if non Multi-Exchange/Single-
Exchange is selected above)

--- Page 414 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
414 
 
 
(xii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All 
Indices 
Basis][Per 
Index 
Basis][Single 
Index 
Basis][Cross Asset Basis] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day/Index Business Day) 
(xiii) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(xiv) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Index Linked Conditions] [The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Component Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Component Borrow] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Component Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify] is [specify]]] (Only applicable if Loss of 
Component Borrow is applicable) 
 
[The Initial Component Loan Rate in respect of [specify] is 
[specify]] (Only applicable if Increased Cost of Component 
Borrow is applicable) 
23. 
Equity Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" 
specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest - 
Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)). 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
44 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
[Share(s)]/[Basket of 
Shares]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above] [below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
(also specify for each Share whether or not “China 
Connect” applies)

--- Page 415 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
415 
 
 
 
[Weighting: 
[[Not 
applicable]] 
[[specify][Each 
such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Equity Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges] 
(vi) 
Depositary 
Receipt 
provisions: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable][For 
Reference 
Item 
k=[specify][and k=[specify]]  
(a) 
Details of share: 
[specify name and ISIN code of the share to which the 
relevant Depository Receipts relate] 
(b) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
(vii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
applies 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]. The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above] [See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
(ix) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [ See table [above][below]] [Insert table] [or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(x) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]  
(xi) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation 
Period]] [[specify][As per the Equity Linked Conditions] 
 
(If no time is specified the Coupon Valuation Time will be 
the Scheduled Closing Time) 
(xii) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(xiii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(xiv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
 
(Must match election for Exchange Business Day)

--- Page 416 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
416 
 
 
(xv) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(xvi) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Equity Linked Conditions][In 
addition to De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Tender 
Offer unless Tender Offer (specified below as not 
applicable) and Nationalisation, the following Extraordinary 
Events apply to the [Notes]/[Certificates]: 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Listing Change] 
 
[Listing Suspension] 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
(xvii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Equity Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow]  
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in relation 
to each relevant Share] is [specify]] (Only applicable if 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
24. 
ETF Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" 
specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest - 
Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)), 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 417 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
417 
 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
44 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
[ETF(s)]/[Basket of ETFs]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the ETF Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
ISIN of ETF Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(vii) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a [Disrupted Day], 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
(viii) 
Interest Payment Dates(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [insert table] [or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(ix) 
[Coupon Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify] [See table [above][below] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]  
(x) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date]Period]] [[specify] [As per the ETF 
Linked Conditions] 
 
(If no time is specified, the Coupon Valuation Time will be 
the close of trading on the Exchange) 
(xi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
 
(xii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[[(All ETF Shares Basis)][[(Per ETF Shares Basis)]][(Single 
ETF Share Basis)]][(Cross Asset Basis)]]  
(xiii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[[(All ETF Share Basis)]][[(Per ETF Share Basis)]][(Single 
ETF Share Basis)]][(Cross Asset Basis)]]

--- Page 418 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
418 
 
 
(xiv) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[Not applicable][specify][eight][Scheduled Trading Days] 
(xv) 
Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 2(b)] [specify] 
(xvi) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
ETF Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the ETF Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary ETF Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in relation 
to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only applicable if 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
25. 
Fund Linked Interest:  
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" 
specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest - 
Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)), 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
44 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
Fund(s)/Fund Basket(s): 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[The NAV per Fund Share will be published on [specify]]

--- Page 419 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
419 
 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the [Fund Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[specify][a unit of the relevant Fund] [See table 
[above][below]] 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Fund Non-
Valuation 
Date, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [insert table] [or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(v) 
[Coupon Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify] [See table [above][below] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(vi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(vii) 
Fund Business Day: 
[specify][(All Fund Share Basis)][(Per Fund Share 
Basis)][(Single Fund Share Basis)]] [As per the Fund Linked 
Conditions] 
(viii) 
Initial Calculation Dates:  
 
(a) 
Initial 
Calculation 
Day:  
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(b) 
Initial 
Calculation 
Date: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(c) 
Initial 
Calculation 
Period: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(x) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Extraordinary Fund Events: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 1] [specify] 
(a) 
NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
NAV 
Trigger 
Percentage: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(c) 
NAV 
Trigger 
Period: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(d) 
Number of NAV 
Publication Days: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable]

--- Page 420 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
420 
 
 
(e) 
Basket 
Trigger 
Level: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(xii) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
Fund Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Fund Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary Fund Events apply to 
the [Notes]/[Certificates]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Delayed Payment Cut-Off 
Date: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 3][specify] 
26. 
Inflation Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] 
[to 
and 
including 
[specify]] 
only]][Not 
applicable][for the purposes of determining the "Rate of 
Interest" specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of 
Interest - Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
44 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(If more than one Inflation Rate is to be determined, repeat 
items (i) to (vii) for each such Inflation Rate and, if Digital 
Coupon One Dual Condition of Digital Coupon Two Dual 
Conditions apply distinguish between the Rate which is Rate 
A, the Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is Rate C if 
applicable) 
(i) 
[Index][Indices][Basket 
of 
each Inflation Index] 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
(Set out each Index level and insert "in respect of [specify 
date]" following each Index level) 
(ii) 
Screen 
Page/Exchange/ 
CODE: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fallback Bond][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Initial Relevant Level: 
[specify][Not applicable] [The Interpolated Relevant Level 
between [specify relevant month] and [specify relevant 
month]]

--- Page 421 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
421 
 
 
(vii) 
Reference Month: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Determination Date 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Revision of Index Level: 
[Revision][No Revision] 
(x) 
Interpolation: 
[specify] [Applicable][Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Inflation 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the [Notes]/[Certificates]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
27. 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" 
specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest - 
Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) [For the purpose 
of determining the "RI FX Level" specified in item 16(ix)] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
44 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] 
(ii) 
Subject 
Currency/Currencies:  
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] 
[and EM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions apply to such 
Subject Currency] 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][See table [above] [below] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [Insert table] [or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(vi) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]

--- Page 422 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
422 
 
 
(vii) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(viii) 
Provisions applicable where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Provisions do not apply  
[Applicable [in respect of [specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a Basket]] [Not 
applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Security Condition 6]  
(d) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Not applicable] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where Non-EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different Disruption Events 
(or components thereof) also apply thereto).  
(e) 
Specified 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify][Five][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Provisions applicable where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a Basket]]][Not 
applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining 
the 
Settlement Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security Condition 6 
[and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where more than 
one Subject Currency]]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify]

--- Page 423 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
423 
 
 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
(b) 
EM 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] per 
cent. 
EM Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined as 
set out in the definition of Settlement Price] 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First Fallback 
Reference Price [and]][EM Second Fallback 
Reference Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Events (or components thereof) also apply thereto)  
(c) 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than

--- Page 424 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
424 
 
 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply thereto)  
(d) 
EM 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply thereto)  
(e) 
Cumulative Events: 
[Not applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum Cumulative 
Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply thereto)  
(f) 
EM Number of 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][ Settlement Days] 
[specify] 
(g) 
EM Number of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [Business Days][ [where 
Settlement Day Centre(s) means [specify]]  
(x) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Conditions] [The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the [Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[[Hedging Disruption][Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(insert where Change in Law does not apply) 
28. 
Reference 
Item 
Rate 
Linked 
Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including] [specify] only][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" 
specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest - 
Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
44 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption and the Credit Linked Conditions]  
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Security Provisions shall apply. 
For the purposes of determining the Reference Item Rate on 
the basis of elections in this paragraph] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
 
(If more than one Reference Item Rate is to be determined, 
include the following language: "Reference Item Rate 
[specify] is as follows:" and repeat items (i) to (vi)) below 
for each such Reference Item Rate)

--- Page 425 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
425 
 
 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference 
Item 
Rate: 
[specify period] [month] [year] [EURIBOR] 
[SONIA] [SOFR] [€STR] [CMS Rate with a 
Designated Maturity of [insert years]][specify 
Government Bond Yield Rate][specify TEC Rate] 
[with a Designated Maturity of [insert years]] 
[specify other] 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
[specify] 
(c) 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify] (In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a composite 
rate or amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate 1 minus Reference Item Rate 2][Not 
applicable] [See paragraph [specify][above][below] 
 
(If a Reference Spread applies for each Interest Period, the 
Reference Spread shall be specified separately for each 
Interest Period.) 
(iv) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][or such later date as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the 
Payout Conditions] 
(v) 
Range Accrual Cut-Off Date:  [specify] 
[See 
paragraph 
[specify][above][below][Not 
applicable]  
(vi) 
Business Day: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Item Rate only, "Business Day" means [a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in [specify] [A TARGET Settlement Day][Reference Rate 
Business 
Day 
(as 
defined 
in 
General 
Condition

--- Page 426 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
426 
 
 
4(b)(iv)(2)][a "U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day", being any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (SIFMA) recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
the purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.] [Not 
applicable] 
29. 
******EUA 
Contract 
Linked 
Interest Provisions: 
 
(i) 
EUA 
Contract/EUA 
Contracts/Basket of EUA 
Contracts: 
[specify EUA Contract/EUA Contracts][The [futures] 
contract specified in item (viii) below)] 
[Relevant Registry: [specify]]  
(ii) 
Pricing Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
EUA 
Contract 
Reference 
Price: 
[specify] [For example: 
For any Pricing Date, that day's Specified Price on the 
[insert] of the EUA Contract][for the Delivery Date], [stated 
in [currency]][per][specify] quantity and commodity][, as 
made public by][specify] on that Pricing Date] 
[The Price Source is/are []]24 
(ix) 
EUA Contract Business Day: 
[EUA Contract Linked Condition [1] applies][specify] 
(x) 
Delivery Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Nearby Month: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Specified Price: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Exchange: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xiv) 
Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the relevant time 
on [insert relevant date(s)].]/[specify] 
(xv) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify] [[specify] EUA Contract Business Days]25 /[As per 
Conditions] 
(xvi) 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket of EUA Contracts is [specify]]/[Not applicable] 
 
24  
Delete if using automated EUA Contract Reference Prices 
25  
[Only applicable in respect of EUA contract linked notes linked to a single EUA contract]

--- Page 427 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
427 
 
 
(xvii) 
Rolling 
Futures 
Contract 
[Notes]/[Certificates]: 
[Yes/No] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[Dislocation Event: [Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
Dislocation Level: [specify]/[As per Conditions]] 
(xviii) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
30. 
Bond Linked Interest: 
[Applicable] [in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify] only][Not applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
44 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
Bond: 
[The following Reference Item [(k)] will apply:] [Not 
applicable] [See table [above] [below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant 
details of where investors can obtain information about the 
Bond][(see paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Bond Issuer: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
Bond Nominal Amount: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] (N.B. specify minimum 
denomination of the relevant bond) 
(iv) 
Bond Maturity Date: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
Screen Page: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and 
Strike 
Days][Strike 
Level]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(vii) 
Settlement Price: 
[As per Bond Linked Condition 10] [specify] 
(viii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify][See table [above][below]][Insert table][or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(ix) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]  
(x) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Any time [on the relevant Coupon Valuation Date][during 
the Coupon Valuation Period] [[specify]

--- Page 428 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
428 
 
 
(xi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(xii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[As per Bond Linked Condition 10] [specify] 
 
31. 
Custom Index Linked Interest: 
[Applicable] [in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify] only][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the “Rate of Interest” 
specified in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest - 
Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
44 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
[Custom Index][Basket of 
Custom Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above] [below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant 
details of where investors can obtain information about the 
Custom 
Index][(see 
paragraph 
[specify])](repeat 
as 
necessary) 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Custom Index Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[The relevant Index Sponsor is [specify].] 
[See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][See table [above] [below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify][See table [above][below]][Insert table][or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(vi) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]

--- Page 429 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
429 
 
 
(vii) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation 
Period] [[specify][As per the Custom Index Linked 
Conditions] 
(viii) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(ix) 
Custom Index Business Day:  [(All 
Custom 
Indices 
Basis)][(Per 
Custom 
Index 
Basis)][(Single Custom Index Basis)] 
(x) 
Scheduled 
Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[All Custom Indices Basis][Per Custom Index Basis][Single 
Custom Index Basis] 
(xi) 
Custom Index Correction 
Period: 
[As set out in Custom Index Linked Condition 7][specify] 
(xii) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business 
Days][Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Custom Index Linked 
Conditions] [The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the [Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Component Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Component Borrow] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Component Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify] is [specify]]] (Only applicable if Loss of 
Component Borrow is applicable) 
 
[The Initial Component Loan Rate in respect of [specify] is 
[specify]] (Only applicable if Increased Cost of Component 
Borrow is applicable) 
32. 
Combination Interest: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(Applicable in relation to Interest linked to a combination of 
types of Reference Items) 
 
(If applicable, complete relevant prompts from paragraphs 
16 to 31) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION [AND PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT 
LINKED] [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES]

--- Page 430 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
430 
 
 
33. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Redemption [at par][Calculation Amount * [specify] per 
cent.][Calculation Amount * Final Payout][[specify]*Final 
Payout][, subject to [specify][the application of the 
Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions[in the specified 
circumstances set out in the Final Payout Formula 
only]]][specify] 
34. 
Final Payout: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If applicable, in respect of the 
following, insert a Final Payout Formula(e ) from Payout 
Condition 2.2 and relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 5) 
35. 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[In respect of [any][all] Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date[s] [from (i)=[specify] to (i)=[specify]] [for 
[each][the][relevant][any][all] Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Period[s] [from ([i])=[specify] to ([i])=[specify]] 
[,the] AER Value [for [every][any] Reference Item in the 
Basket] is: [greater than][greater than or equal to][less 
than][less than or equal to] the Automatic Early Redemption 
Trigger][within][outside] [the Automatic Early Redemption 
Range] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
AER Value:  
[insert relevant value definition and where applicable 
relevant definitions from Payout Condition 5.1 and 5.2] 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount:  
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(Insert relevant formula from payout annex) 
(iv) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Trigger: 
[[specify][per 
cent.]][Not 
applicable][See 
table 
[above][below]][Insert table] 
(v) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Range:  
From and [including][excluding][specify range of values, 
percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices 
etc] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices 
etc][Not 
applicable] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] 
(vi) 
AER Percentage:  
[specify] 
per 
cent.][Not 
applicable] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] 
 
(insert where ST Automatic Early Redemption applies) 
(vii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify][The date falling [specify] Business Days following 
[each][the] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
[Date][Period] in respect of which an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has occurred] [or such later date for 
payment determined as provided in the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions]] [See table [above][below]]

--- Page 431 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
431 
 
 
(viii) 
AER Additional Rate:  
[AER Rate][Insert relevant provisions from Payout 
Condition 5.1][Not applicable] 
 
[AER 
Rate 
DCF][Insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
 
[AER Rate MT][Insert relevant provisions from Conditions] 
[See table [above][below]] 
(ix) 
[(i)] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] [Each [specify] [Scheduled Trading Day] falling 
within the [relevant] Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period] [See table [above][below]] 
 (repeat as necessary)  
(x) 
[(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period(s):]  
[[from (i)=[specify] to [specify] [Each][The] period from 
[and 
including][but 
excluding][specify], 
to 
[and 
including][but 
excluding][specify] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(xi) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Time:  
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date][during the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period] 
(xii) 
Averaging:  
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
36. 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s):  
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[[specify] per Calculation Amount] [In relation to each 
[Note]/[Certificate]][its pro rata share of][specify] [The 
Optional Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(Insert relevant formula from Payout Annex)] 
 
(Insert relevant Optional Redemption Amount in respect of 
each relevant Optional Redemption Date. These may be set 
out in a table or annexed to the Final Terms) 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part:

--- Page 432 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
432 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [specify] 
Maximum period: [specify] 
 
[Not applicable] 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 business days’ notice for a 
call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent.) 
37. 
Securityholder Put Option: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s):  
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s):  
[[specify] 
[per 
Calculation 
Amount][The 
Optional 
Redemption Amount shall be determined in accordance with 
the following formula: (Insert relevant formula from Payout 
Annex)] 
(iv) 
Notice periods:  
Minimum period: [specify][Not applicable] 
 
Maximum period: [specify][Not applicable] 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 business days’ notice for a 
put) and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Agent) 
38. 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
in cases of a Redemption for tax 
reasons (General Condition 6(b), a 
Redemption for Illegality (General 
Condition 6(c) [or][,] a redemption 
following an event of default 
(General Condition 9) [or a failure 
to pay a Part Payment Amount on 
the relevant due date (General 
Condition 6(k))]: 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount][As set out in General 
Condition 6(f)]

--- Page 433 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
433 
 
 
39. 
Index Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][- terms specified under paragraph 22 above will 
also apply for Index Linked Redemption unless specified 
otherwise in this paragraph 39] [- for purposes of determining 
if an Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred ][- for 
all purposes apart from determining if an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has occurred] [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph. If the relevant item from the sub-paragraphs 
below has already been specified under paragraph 22 above, 
delete the corresponding sub-pagraph of this paragraph)  
(i) 
[Index][Basket of Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table below] 
[Insert table]  
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant, 
details of where investors can obtain information about the 
Index](repeat as necessary) 
[The (specify Index) is [not] a [Single-Exchange] [or] [Multi-
Exchange Index] (repeat as necessary)] 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Index Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
[Exchange(s)][Pricing 
Source]: 
and 
Index 
Sponsor]:  
(a) 
[the relevant [Exchange[s]][Pricing Source [s] 
[is][are]specify] 
[there 
are 
no 
relevant 
[Exchanges][Pricing Sources]][specify]; and 
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [specify]] 
[See table [above][below]] 
(include 
Pricing 
Source 
if 
non 
Multi-
Exchange/Single-Exchange is selected above). 
(iii) 
[Related Exchange][Related 
Pricing Source]: 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
[specify][All Related Pricing Sources] [Not applicable] 
(include Related Pricing Source if the Index is a non Single-
Exchange or Multi-Exchange Index). 
(iv) 
Screen Page:  
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]:  
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
Averaging:  
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. 
[The 
Averaging 
Dates 
are 
[specify].][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply]

--- Page 434 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
434 
 
 
(vii) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]]  
(viii) 
Valuation Time:  
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify [As per the Index Linked 
Conditions] 
(ix) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above] [below]] 
(x) 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day][Index Business Day]: 
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single Index 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
 
(include Index Business Day if non Multi-Exchange/Single-
Exchange is selected above). 
(xi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single Index 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day/ 
Index Business Day) 
(xii) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption:  
[specify][eight][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events:  
[Not applicable][As per the Index Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies)  
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Component Borrow]  
 
[Loss of Component Borrow] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Component Loan Rate in respect of [specify] 
is [specify] (only applicable if Loss of Component Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
[The Initial Component Loan rate in respect of [specify] is 
[specify]] (N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Component Borrow is applicable) 
40. 
Equity Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph 23 above 
will also apply for Equity Linked Redemption unless 
specified otherwise in this paragraph 40] [- for purposes of 
determining if an Automatic Early Redemption Event has 
occurred][- for all purposes apart from determining if an

--- Page 435 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
435 
 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred] [Not 
applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph. If the relevant item from the sub-paragraphs 
below has already been specified under paragraph 23 above, 
delete the corresponding sub-pagraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Share(s)]/[Basket of 
Shares]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above] [below]] [Insert table]] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
(also specify for each Share whether or not “China Connect” 
applies) 
 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [specify] [Each such Weighting 
shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the Equity 
Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
ISIN of Share(s):  
[specify] [See table [above] [below]] 
(iii) 
Screen Page:  
[specify] [See table [above] [below]] 
(iv) 
Exchange:  
[specify] [See table [above] [below]] 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s):  
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Depositary 
Receipt 
provisions:  
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
[For 
Reference 
Item 
k=[specify][and k=[specify] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Details of share: 
[specify name and ISIN code of the share to which the 
relevant Depository Receipts relate] 
(b) 
Share Exchange:  
[specify] 
(vii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]:  
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(viii) 
Averaging:  
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
applies 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates].][The 
Averaging 
Dates 
are 
[specify].][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
(ix) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]]  
(x) 
Valuation Time:  
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify] [As per the Equity Linked 
Conditions]

--- Page 436 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
436 
 
 
(xi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(xii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(xiii) 
Scheduled Trading Day:  
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] 
(xiv) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption:  
[specify][eight][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(xv) 
Extraordinary Events:  
[Not applicable][As per the Equity Linked Conditions][In 
addition to De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event and 
Nationalisation, the following Extraordinary Events apply to 
the [Notes]/[Certificates]]: 
[Listing Change] 
[Listing Suspension] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
(xvi) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events:  
[Not applicable][As per the Equity Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow]  
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]] (Only applicable 
if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in relation 
to each relevant Share] is [specify]](Only applicable if 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
41. 
ETF Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph 24 above 
will also apply for ETF Linked Redemption unless specified

--- Page 437 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
437 
 
 
otherwise in this paragraph 41] [- for purposes of determining 
if an Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred][- for 
all purposes apart from determining if an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has occurred]  
[Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. If the relevant item from the 
sub-paragraphs below has already been specified under 
paragraph 24 above, delete the corresponding sub-pagraph 
of this paragraph)  
(i) 
[ETF(s)]/[Basket of ETFs]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the ETF Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
ISIN of ETF Share(s):  
[specify] 
(iii) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Exchange(s):  
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [Not applicable] 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s):  
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]:  
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below] 
(vii) 
Averaging:  
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. 
[The 
Averaging 
Dates 
are 
[specify].][See table [above][below]]  
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
(viii) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/ Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]]  
(ix) 
Valuation Time:  
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify][As per ETF Linked Condition 
6] 
(x) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][see table above][below]] 
(xi) 
Exchange Business Day:  
[(All ETF Shares Basis)] [(Per ETF Share Basis)] [(Single 
ETF Share Basis)] [(Cross Asset Basis)]] 
(xii) 
Scheduled Trading Day:  
[[(All ETF Shares Basis)] [(Per ETF Share Basis)] [(Single 
ETF Share Basis)] [(Cross Asset Basis)]]

--- Page 438 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
438 
 
 
(xiii) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption:  
[specify][eight][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(xiv) 
Extraordinary ETF Events:  
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 2(b)] [specify] 
(xv) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
ETF Events:  
[Not applicable][As per the ETF Linked Conditions] [The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
 
[Failure to Deliver: Not applicable] 
 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in relation 
to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]](Only applicable if 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
42. 
Fund Linked Redemption:  
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph 25 above 
will also apply for Fund Linked Redemption unless specified 
otherwise in this paragraph 42] [Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph. If the relevant item from the sub-paragraphs 
below has already been specified under paragraph 25 above, 
delete the corresponding sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Fund(s)/Fund Basket: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[The NAV per Fund Share will be published on [specify]] 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify]] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Fund Linked Conditions]]

--- Page 439 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
439 
 
 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]][a unit of the relevant 
Fund] 
(iii) 
Averaging:  
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][See table [above][below] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a [Fund Non-
Valuation 
Date][Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
(iv) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][see table above][below]] 
(v) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/ Period(s):  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
Fund Business Day:  
[specify][(All 
Fund 
Share 
Basis)][(Per 
Fund 
Share 
Basis)][(Single Fund Share Basis)] [As per the Fund Linked 
Conditions] 
(vii) 
Initial Calculation Dates: 
 
(a) 
Initial Calculation 
Date: 
[specify][Not applicable]  
(b) 
Initial Calculation 
Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Calculation 
Days: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable]  
(x) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 1] [specify]  
(a) 
NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable]  
(b) 
NAV 
Trigger 
Percentage: 
[specify][As per the Fund Linked Condition 6][specify][Not 
applicable]  
(c) 
NAV 
Trigger 
Period: 
[As per the Fund Linked Conditions][specify]  
(d) 
Basket 
Trigger 
Level: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable]  
(e) 
Number of NAV 
Publication Days: 
[specify] [As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6][Not 
applicable]  
(xi) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
Fund Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Fund Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary Fund Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]: 
(Specify each of the following which applies)

--- Page 440 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
440 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Delayed Payment Cut-off 
Date: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 3][specify][Not 
applicable]  
43. 
Inflation Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph 26 above 
will also apply for Inflation Linked Redemption unless 
specified otherwise in this paragraph 43] [Not applicable] (If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph. If the relevant item from the sub-paragraphs 
below has already been specified under paragraph 26 above, 
delete the corresponding sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Index][Indices]: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
(ii) 
Screen 
page/Exchange/CODE: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fallback Bond][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Reference Month: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
[Initial Relevant Level]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [The Interpolated Relevant Level 
between [specify relevant month] and [specify relevant 
month]]  
(viii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(ix) 
Revision of Index Level: 
[Revision][No Revision] 
(x) 
Interpolation: 
[specify] [Applicable][Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Inflation 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the [Notes]/[Certificates]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Change of Law: Not applicable]] 
44. 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: 
[Applicable: 
(a) 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
[in 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short Exposure]]

--- Page 441 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
441 
 
 
(Specify not applicable for Credit Linked Securities 
which are Zero Coupon Credit Linked Securities or 
if Interest Amount is not subject to Credit provisions 
and repeat as necessary for Long/Short Credit 
Linked Securities) 
(If Credit Linked Interest is specified as applicable 
for 
Single 
Reference 
Entity 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities, 
First-to-Default 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities, Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities 
or Long/Short Credit Linked Securities (in respect 
of which the Long Exposure and/or Short Exposure 
is a Single Reference entity exposure, First-to-
Default Exposure or Nth-to-Default Exposure): 
[Accrual of Interest up to Credit Event: [Applicable][Not 
applicable]] 
(b) 
Credit 
Linked 
Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
[in 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short Exposure]]] 
(Specify not applicable for Credit Linked Securities 
if redemption is not subject to Credit provisions) 
[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type 
of 
Credit 
Linked 
[Notes]/[Certificates]: 
The 
[Notes]/[Certificates] 
are 
[Single 
Reference 
Entity][First-to-Default] [Nth-to-Default] Credit Linked 
[Notes]/[Certificates] [and the Relevant Number is [specify] 
(for Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities)] [Non-
Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates] 
where Credit Payment [on Maturity] [As You Go] applies] 
[Tranched 
Linear 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
[Notes]/[Certificates]] [iTraxx Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked [Notes]/[Certificates] where Credit Payment [on 
Maturity] [As You Go] applies] [CDX Non-Tranched Index 
Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates] where Credit Payment 
[on Maturity] [As You Go] applies] [iTraxx Tranched Index 
Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates]] [CDX Tranched Index 
Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates]] [Basket Tranched 
Index Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates]][Long/Short 
Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates]] 
 
(a) 
[Credit Event Amount: [specify amount] (only use 
for Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Index 
Credit Linked Securities to which Credit Payment 
As You Go applies)[As set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] 
 
(b) 
[Credit Event Payment Date: [[specify] (if other 
than three) Business Days] [As set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] [or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions]

--- Page 442 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
442 
 
 
((a) and (b) are only applicable for Non-Tranched 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Non-
Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities to which 
Credit Payment As You Go applies, otherwise delete 
(a) and (b)) 
 
(c) 
[Credit Observation End Date [in respect of Long 
Exposure and Short Exposure] [in respect of Basket 
Tranched Index Component k=[ ]]: [specify if 
different from Scheduled Maturity Date]] (For 
Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same 
for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for 
each separately or repeat as necessary for Basket 
Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities)  
 
(d) 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]][in respect of Basket Tranched Index 
Component k=[ ]:] Index Annex: [Markit iTraxx® 
Europe [index name] Series [specify] Version 
[specify]] / [Markit CDX.NA.[IG/HY].[ ] [specify 
sector, if any] [specify series, if any] [specify 
version, if any] 
(Delete this paragraph if the Securities are not 
Index Credit Linked Securities or if the Securities 
are Long/Short Credit Linked Securities and the 
Long Exposure and the Short Exposure do not 
reference an Index or repeat as necessary for 
Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or 
Long/Short Credit Linked Securities) 
 
(e) 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]][in respect of Basket Tranched Index 
Component k=[ ]:] Annex Date: [specify] 
(Delete this paragraph if the Securities are not 
Index Credit Linked Securities or if the Securities 
are Long/Short Credit Linked Securities and the 
Long Exposure and the Short Exposure do not 
reference an Index or repeat as necessary for 
Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or 
Long/Short Credit Linked Securities) 
(f) 
[Credit Event Backstop Date [in respect of Long 
Exposure and Short Exposure] [in respect of Basket 
Tranched Index Component k=[]:]: [specity Credit 
Event Backstop Date ][The later to occur of (A) the 
Trade Date and (B) the Credit Event Backstop Date 
as determined pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 
13 and paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of 
“Credit Event Backstop Date”, as applicable.]] [As 
set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] [[60 calendar 
days prior to] [Trade Date][Issue Date]] (For 
Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same 
for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for 
each separately or repeat as necessary for Basket 
Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities)

--- Page 443 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
443 
 
 
(ii) 
Credit Event Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  [As 
set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
[specify amount] (only use for zero/set recovery that are not 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Index Credit 
Linked Securities or Long/Short Credit Linked Securities) 
[Not applicable] (specify in case of physically settled 
securities or if Credit Linked Redemption is not applicable)  
(iii) 
Protected Amount: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
[specify amount if applicable (Express as a percentage of the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount)] 
(NB The Protected Amount may be applicable in case of 
Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities, First-to 
Default Credit Linked Securities, Nth-to Default Credit 
Linked Securities, Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities 
Index Credit Linked Securities and Long/Short Credit Linked 
Securities where only part of the Nominal Amount is exposed 
to the relevant Reference Entity/es) (Specify not applicable if 
Credit Linked Redemption is not applicable) 
(iv) 
Unwind Costs: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  
[Applicable: 
[specify]][Standard 
Unwind 
Costs][Not 
applicable] (Specify not applicable if Credit Linked 
Redemption is not applicable or if unwind cost is not to 
apply)   
(v) 
Credit Multiplier: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:][Not 
applicable] [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] [insert 
only if Credit Multiplier is not 1: [specify ]] (Repeat as 
necessary where different figures apply for interest or 
redemption purposes and/or where it may change in respect 
of different dates)  
(vi) 
[(a)] 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Date: 
[Credit Linked Condition 13 applies][(specify if other than 
three) Business Days] [or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]] 
(Delete this line item for Physically Settled Securities or if 
Credit linked Redemption is not applicable) (Apply for Long 
/Short Credit Linked Securities)  
[(b)] 
Maturity 
Credit 
Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]] (Delete this line item (b) for 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Index Credit 
Linked Securities or if Credit Linked Redemption is not 
applicable)]  
(vii) 
Settlement Method: [(see 
further item(s) [(xxviii)] [to] 
[(xlix)] below)] 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  
[Auction Settlement][Cash Settlement][Physical Delivery] 
[Not applicable]: [Zero/Set Recovery [Notes]/[Certificates]] 
[Tranched 
Linear 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
[Notes]/[Certificates]] [Tranched Index Credit Linked 
[Notes]/[Certificates] where Zero Recovery is applicable] 
[Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates] 
where Zero Recovery is applicable] [in respect of the Long

--- Page 444 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
444 
 
 
Exposure and Short Exposure or where Long Short Exposure 
and Short Exposure comprise a Tranched Linear Basket 
Exposure] [Not applicable] (specify not applicable if Credit 
Linked Redemption is not applicable) (For Long/Short 
Credit Linked Securities, if not the same for Long Exposure 
and Short Exposure, specify for each separately)  
(viii) 
Calculation Agent City: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[specify][As per the Physical Settlement Matrix] (For 
Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same for Long 
Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each separately)  
(ix) 
[Business Day Convention: 
[Following][Modified Following][Preceding] Business Day 
Convention (Insert only where no Business Day Convention 
has been specified already for the Securities, otherwise 
delete.)]  
(x) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[Long Exposure:] [specify] [[Short Exposure: [specify]] 
[these may be set out in the form of a table as by reference to 
a credit derivatives index setting out the applicable names 
(in which circumstances, include the following text and any 
details of the date/version of the referenced credit derivatives 
index: “Each Reference Entity comprising the [specify name 
of index] on the [Issue/Trade Date]. No adjustments to the 
terms of the Securities shall be made to reflect subsequent 
versions or reconstitutions of the [specify name of index].”. 
All relevant items below should be completed in respect of 
each Reference Entity (repeating items where necessary) 
which may also be done by including the Reference Entities 
and such items in a table] [For Index Credit Linked 
Securities or, in the case of Long/Short Credit Linked 
Securities where the Long Exposure and/or Short Exposure 
references an Index: As defined in Credit Linked Condition 
13] [and the relevant “Reference Entity Weighting” shall be 
[specify] in respect of each Reference Entity].(insert only 
where it is necessary to change the weighting specified by the 
relevant Index)]  
(xi) 
Physical Settlement Matrix: 
[Applicable [in respect of Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure], [for which purpose the Date of the Physical 
Settlement Matrix is [specify]]][Not applicable] [in respect of 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure]] (For Long/Short Credit 
Linked Securities, if not the same for Long Exposure and 
Short Exposure, specify for each separately)  
(xii) 
Transaction Type: 
[Not applicable] 
[Long Exposure:] [specify] [[Short Exposure: [specify].] 
(insert in relation to each Reference Entity if item (xiii) 
applies. (e.g.: ‘Standard European Corporate’.)) 
(For Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities insert 
the following for each Index and repeat as necessary) [In 
respect of Basket Tranched Index Component k= [ ]] 
(For iTraxx Index Credit Linked Securities or for Long/Short 
Credit Linked Securities where the Long Exposure and/or 
Short Exposure references the iTraxx Index) [As specified 
opposite the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex 
[for the [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure].]

--- Page 445 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
445 
 
 
(For CDX Index Credit Linked Securities or for Long/Short 
Credit Linked Securities where the Long Exposure and/or 
Short Exposure references the CDX Index) [[specify] in 
respect of each Reference Entity [for the [Long 
Exposure][and][Short Exposure], unless another Transaction 
Type is specified in the Index Annex, in which case the 
Transaction Type will be as specified opposite the relevant 
Reference Entity in the Index Annex.]  
(xiii) 
Reference Entity Notional 
Amount: 
[specify in respect of each Reference Entity]][Not applicable] 
[For Index Credit Linked Securities, Single Reference Entity 
Credit Linked Securities and/or where a Credit Multiplier 
applies: As defined in Credit Linked Condition 13] (For 
Non-Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities and Non-
Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities which are 
Instalment Securities, then please specify that the RENA will 
be equal to:) [Means in respect of each Reference Entity, (i) 
the product of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount and 
the Credit Multiplier (if any) multiplied by (ii) the Reference 
Entity Weighting for such Reference Entity multiplied by 
(iii) one divided by the aggregate of the Reference Entity 
Weightings for all Reference Entities, subject to the 
provisions of the definition of "Successor".] 
[For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities: Long Exposure: 
[specify in respect of each Reference Entity][Not 
applicable][For a Long Exposure that references an Index: 
as defined in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
[Short Exposure: [specify in respect of each Reference 
Entity][Not applicable][For a Short Exposure that references 
an Index: as defined in Credit Linked Condition 13]  
(xiv) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
(Where either (a) Standard Reference Obligation is not 
applicable or (b) Standard Reference Obligation is 
applicable but there is no Standard Reference Obligation 
when the Final Terms are signed, insert one of the 
following:) (For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities where 
the Long Exposure and/or Short Exposure does not reference 
an Index insert the following in respect of the Long Exposure 
and/or Short Exposure as the case may be. Repeat if neither 
Long Exposure nor Short Exposure references an Index.) 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[If no initial Reference Obligation is to be specified, insert: 
Initially none, subject to the Calculation Agent's ability to 
select and/or replace the Reference Obligation from time to 
time in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 13.] 
OR 
[If the initial Reference Obligation is to be specified: Initially 
the [insert if the guarantee is the Reference Obligation: 
guarantee of the] [select: [bond][loan][other obligation]] 
specified below: 
(a) 
Primary Obligor: [specify]

--- Page 446 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
446 
 
 
(b) 
Guarantor: [specify] 
(c) 
Maturity: [specify] 
(d) 
Coupon: [specify] 
(e) 
CUSIP/ISIN: [specify].] 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
Seniority Level: [Senior Level][Subordinated Level][As set 
out in Credit Linked Condition 13]] 
The Calculation Agent has the ability to select and/or replace 
the Reference Obligation from time to time in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 13. 
(Where Standard Reference Obligation is applicable and 
there is a Standard Reference Obligation when the Final 
Terms are signed, insert:) 
[Standard Reference Obligation: Applicable 
Seniority Level: [Senior Level][Subordinated Level][As set 
out in Credit Linked Condition 13]] 
[For Index Credit Linked Securities or Long/Short Credit 
Linked Securities where the Long Exposure and/or Short 
Exposure references an Index, insert:[Long Exposure]: As 
set out in Credit Linked Condition 13.] [Short Exposure: As 
set out in Credit Linked Condition 13.] 
(xv) 
All Guarantees: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  [As 
per the Physical Settlement Matrix][Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately) 
(xvi) 
Credit Events: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] [As 
per the Physical Settlement Matrix] (if Physical Settlement 
Matrix applies, delete remainder of this paragraph, other 
than Restructuring if such Credit Event is applicable) 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace Period Extension] [Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: Grace Period: [specify][As set out in Credit 
Linked Condition 13]] 
 
[Obligation Default]

--- Page 447 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
447 
 
 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
[If Restructuring is applicable: ['Mod R' is: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable]] 
['Mod 
Mod 
R' 
is: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit Event: Credit 
Linked Condition 14: [Not applicable] (only include where 
the intention is to disapply Credit Linked Condition 14, 
otherwise delete line item) 
 
[Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation: Credit 
Linked Condition 15: [Applicable][Not applicable]] 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately) 
(a) 
Default 
Requirement: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately) 
(b) 
Payment 
Requirement: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately)  
(xvii) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
 
Public Source(s): [specify][As set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 13] 
 
Specified Number: 
[specify]][As set out in Credit 
Linked Condition 13] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately) 
(xviii) 
Obligation(s): 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  
(a) 
Obligation 
Category: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:][As 
per the Physical Settlement Matrix][Payment] [Borrowed

--- Page 448 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
448 
 
 
Money] [Reference Obligation Only] [Bond] [Loan] [Bond 
or Loan] 
(select one only) 
(b) 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] [As 
per the Physical Settlement Matrix][Not Subordinated] 
[Credit 
Linked 
Specified 
Currency: 
[specify 
currency/Standard Specified Currency] [Not Sovereign 
Lender] [Not Domestic Currency[: [specify currency]]]] [Not 
Domestic Law] [Listed] [Not Domestic Issuance] [Domestic 
Currency: [As set out in the Credit Linked Conditions][Not 
applicable][specify]] 
(select all of which apply) (For Long/Short Credit Linked 
Securities, if not the same for Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure, specify for each separately) 
(xix) 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xx) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[specify][Not applicable]  
(xxi) 
Merger Event: 
Credit Linked Condition 12: [Applicable][Not applicable] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, same must apply 
to both) 
[If applicable: [Merger Event Redemption Date:[specify]] 
 
[Merger Event Redemption Amount: [specify]] 
(xxii) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Monoline Insurer Reference 
Entities: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  
[Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
16: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable]][Credit Linked Condition 20 is Applicable][As 
per the Physical Settlement Matrix] (For Long/Short Credit 
Linked Securities, if not the same for Long Exposure and 
Short Exposure, specify for each separately)  
(xxiii) 
Provisions relating to LPN 
Reference Entities: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  
[Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
18: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable]][Credit Linked Condition 20 is Applicable][As 
per the Physical Settlement Matrix] (For Long/Short Credit 
Linked Securities, if not the same for Long Exposure and 
Short Exposure, specify for each separately)  
(xxiv) 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance Terms: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  
[Applicable][Not applicable] [as per the Physical Settlement 
Matrix] (For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the 
same for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for 
each separately)  
(xxv) 
Financial Reference Entity 
Terms: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  
[Applicable][Not applicable] [as per the Physical Settlement 
Matrix] (For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the 
same for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for 
each separately)   
Terms relating to Cash Settlement:

--- Page 449 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
449 
 
 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable as Settlement Method or 
Fallback Settlement Method) (For 
Long/Short Credit Linked Securities 
repeat as necessary if different) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
(xxvi) 
Valuation Date: 
[Single Valuation Date: [As per Credit Linked Condition 
13][[specify] Business Days] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: [specify] Business Days; and 
each [specify] Business Days thereafter; Number of 
Valuation Dates: [specify]] 
(xxvii) Valuation Time: 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 13] 
(xxviii) Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(xxix) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market][As per Credit Linked Condition 
13]  
(xxx) 
Quotation Amount: 
[specify][Representative Amount][Credit Linked Conditions 
apply]  
(xxxi) 
Minimum 
Quotation 
Amount: 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
(xxxii) Quotation Dealers: 
[specify][As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
(xxxiii) Quotations: 
[Include Accrued Interest][Exclude Accrued Interest] 
(xxxiv) Valuation Method: 
[Market][Highest] 
[Average Market][Average Highest] 
 
[Blended Market][Blended Highest] 
 
[As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
Additional terms relating to Auction 
Settlement 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable as Settlement Method) 
(For 
Long/Short 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities repeat as necessary if 
different) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
(xxxv) Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash Settlement][Physical Delivery]  
Terms relating to Physical Delivery 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable as Settlement Method or

--- Page 450 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
450 
 
 
Fallback Settlement Method but note 
may be needed for Auction elections 
in which case do not delete) 
(xxxvi) Physical Settlement Period: 
[[specify] Business Days][Not applicable][As per Physical 
Settlement Matrix]  
(xxxvii) Accrued 
Interest 
on 
Entitlement: 
[Include Accrued Interest][Exclude Accrued Interest][Not 
applicable]  
(xxxviii) Settlement Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable][As set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 13] 
(xxxix) Deliverable Obligations: 
 
(a) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment] [Borrowed Money] [Reference Obligation Only] 
[Bond] [Loan] [Bond or Loan][As per the Physical 
Settlement Matrix][Not applicable] 
(select one only) 
(b) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated][Credit Linked Specified Currency: 
[specify currency/Standard Specified Currency] [Not 
Sovereign Lender] [Not Domestic Currency: [As set out in 
Credit Linked Condition 13]] [Not Domestic Law] [Not 
Domestic Issuance] [Assignable Loan] [Consent Required 
Loan] [Direct Loan Participation] [Qualifying Participation 
Seller: [insert]] [Transferable] [Listed] [specify]] [Maximum 
Maturity: [specify ] years] [Accelerated or Matured] [Not 
Bearer][As per the Physical Settlement Matrix] [Not 
applicable] [Domestic Currency: [As set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 13] [Not Applicable][Specify] 
(xl) 
Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [As per Physical Settlement 
Matrix]  
(xli) 
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(a) 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable]  
(b) 
Indicative 
Quotations: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(xlii) 
Reference Obligation Only 
Termination Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(To be specified for the purposes of Credit Linked Condition 
21 for Reference Obligation Only Securities relating to a 
single Reference Entity issued pursuant to Annex 8.)  
Terms relating to Zero/Set Recovery 
[Notes]/[Certificates] 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:]

--- Page 451 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
451 
 
 
(xliii) 
Set/Zero Recovery Price: 
[Insert percentage in relation to each Reference Entity, 
which may be zero] 
[Terms relating to Tranched Linear 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
[Notes]/[Certificates]] 
[Terms 
related to Tranched Linear Basket 
Exposure] 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
(xliv) 
H: 
[Insert number of Reference Entities that are equal to the 
higher tranche level]  
(xlv) 
L: 
[Insert number of Reference Entities that are equal to the 
lower tranche level] 
(For 
Long/Short 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities where the Long Exposure 
and/or Short Exposure references a 
Tranched Linear Basket Exposure, 
repeat as necessary) 
 
[Terms relating to Tranched Index 
Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates] 
[Terms related to Tranched Index 
Exposure]: 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
(xlvi) 
Attachment Point: 
[specify] 
(xlvii) 
Exhaustion Point: 
[specify]  
(xlviii) Determination of Aggregate 
Loss Percentage: 
[Zero Recovery][FP Recovery] 
(For 
Long/Short 
Credit 
Linked 
Securitieswhere the Long Exposure 
and/or Short Exposure references a 
Tranched Index Exposure, repeat as 
necessary) 
 
[Terms relating to Basket Tranched 
Index 
Credit 
Linked 
[Notes]/[Certificates]] 
[Terms 
related to Basket Tranched Index 
Exposure]: 
(Repeat in respect of each Basket 
Tranched Index Component or use

--- Page 452 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
452 
 
 
Basket Tranched Index Component 
Numbering as appropriate) 
(delete section and renumber if not 
applicable) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
(xlix) 
Basket 
Tranched 
Index 
Components: 
The following Basket Tranched Index Component(s) [(k)] 
(from [k] = 1 to [[k]=[specify]) will apply: 
For [k]=1] Index:[specify] 
 
For [k]=[specify] Index:[specify] 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(See paragraphs 44(i)(d) and (e) above) 
(l) 
Attachment Point: 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=1:[specify] 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=[specify]: 
[specify] 
(li) 
Exhaustion Point: 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=1:[specify] 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=[specify]: 
[specify] 
(lii) 
Component Weighting: 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=1:[specify] 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=[specify]: 
[specify] 
(liii) 
Determination of Aggregate 
Loss Percentage: 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=[ ][Zero 
Recovery][FP Recovery] 
(For 
Long/Short 
Credit 
Linked 
Securities where the Long Exposure 
and/or Short Exposure references a 
Basket Tranched Index Exposure, 
repeat as necessary) 
 
Terms relating to Long/Short Credit 
Linked [Notes]/[Certificates]: 
 
(liv) 
Long Exposure: 
[specify] [Single Reference Entity Exposure] [First-to-
Default 
Exposure] 
[Nth-to-Default 
Exposure] 
[Non-
Tranched Linear Basket Exposure] [Non-Tranched Index 
Exposure] [Tranched Linear Basket Exposure] [Tranched 
Index Exposure] or [Basket Tranched Index Exposure] 
(lv) 
Short Exposure: 
[specify] [Single Reference Entity Exposure] [First-to-
Default 
Exposure] 
[Nth-to-Default 
Exposure] 
[Non-
Tranched Linear Basket Exposure] [Non-Tranched Index 
Exposure] [Tranched Linear Basket Exposure] [Tranched 
Index Exposure] or [Basket Tranched Index Exposure]

--- Page 453 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
453 
 
 
(lvi) 
Long Nominal Exposure 
Percentage: 
[specify] 
(lvii) 
Short Nominal Exposure 
Percentage 
[specify] 
(lviii) 
LLM: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(lix) 
SLM: 
[specify] [Not applicable]  
(lx) 
[Determination 
of 
Aggregate Loss Percentage:] 
[[Zero Recovery][FP Recovery]] (Delete if Long Exposure 
or Short Exposure is neither Tranched Index Exposure nor 
Basket Tranched Index Exposure) 
45. 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph 27 above 
will also apply for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Redemption unless specified otherwise in this paragraph 45] 
[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph. If the relevant item from the sub-paragraphs 
below has already been specified under paragraph 27 above, 
delete the corresponding sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 44 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] 
(ii) 
Subject 
Currency/Currencies: 
[specify][Not applicable][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] 
[and EM Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions apply to such 
Subject Currency] 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][see table below] 
(v) 
[Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)][Redemption 
Valuation Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table above] 
 
(vii) 
Provisions applicable where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Provisions do not apply 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a Basket]]][Not 
applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify][Not applicable]

--- Page 454 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
454 
 
 
(b) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Not applicable] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where Non-EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different Disruption Events 
(or components thereof) also apply thereto) 
(e) 
[Specified 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption:]  
[specify][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Provisions applicable where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a Basket]][Not 
applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Provisions 
applicable to 
determining the 
Settlement Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security Condition 6 
[and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where more than 
one Subject Currency]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
(b) 
EM 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation]

--- Page 455 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
455 
 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] per 
cent. 
EM Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined as 
set out in the definition of Settlement Price] 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First Fallback 
Reference Price [and]][EM Second Fallback 
Reference Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply 
to more than one such Subject Currency and 
different EM Disruption Events (or components 
thereof) also apply thereto) 
(c) 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply thereto) 
(d) 
EM 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply thereto) 
(e) 
Cumulative 
Events: 
[Not applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum Cumulative 
Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than

--- Page 456 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
456 
 
 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply thereto) 
(f) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [Business Days] [where SER 
Settlement Day Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][Settlement Days] [specify] 
(ix) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
 
[Not applicable][As per the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Conditions] [The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the [Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[[Hedging Disruption][Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(insert where Change in Law does not apply) 
(x) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
46. 
Reference 
Item 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph [28 above] 
will also apply for Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption 
unless specified otherwise in this paragraph [46] [Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Security Provisions shall apply 
for the purpose of determining the Reference Item Rate on 
the basis of elections in this paragraph.] 
(If more than one Reference Rate is to be determined, include 
the following language: "Reference Rate [specify] is as 
follows:" and repeat items (i) to (vi) below for each such 
Reference Item Rate) 
(i) 
Screen-Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
(a) 
Reference 
Item 
Rate: 
[specify period][month][year][EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] 
[€STR] [CMS Rate with a Designated Maturity of [insert 
years]][specify Government Bond Yield Rate][specify TEC 
Rate][ with a Designated Maturity of [insert years]] 
(b) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
(e.g. the second day on which the T2 System is open  prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if USD-SOFR ICE Swap 
Rate, and the second day on which the T2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR). Where

--- Page 457 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
457 
 
 
the Rate of Interest is being used other than for a Floating 
Rate Security, ensure that this is not specified in respect of 
an Interest Period and the relevant Range Accrual day may 
be specified where relevant for Range Accrual Securities) 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(which will be 11:00 am, New York Citytime, in the case of 
USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate, and 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, 
in the case of EURIBOR) 
(d) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify] 
(In the case of EURIBOR if not Reuters EURIBOR01) ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(In the case of EURIBOR if not Reuters EURIBOR01) ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option:  
[specify] 
(c) 
Designated 
Maturity:  
[specify] 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate 1 minus Reference Item Rate 2 [Not 
applicable] 
[See paragraph [specify][above][below] 
(iv) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable]  
(v) 
Range 
Accrual 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[specify][See paragraph [specify][above][below] 
(vi) 
Business Days: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Item Rate only, "Business Day" means [a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in [specify] [A TARGET Settlement Day][Reference Rate 
Business Day (as defined in General Condition 4(b)(iv)(2)][a 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day", being any 
day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(SIFMA) recommends that the fixed income departments of 
its members be closed for the entire day for the purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities.]

--- Page 458 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
458 
 
 
[Not applicable] 
47. 
EUA 
Contract 
Linked 
[Interest][/Redemption]: 
[Applicable]  [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph.) 
(i) 
EUA 
Contract/EUA 
Contracts/Basket of EUA 
Contracts: 
[specify EUA Contract/EUA Contracts][The [futures] 
contract specified in item (ix) below)] 
[Relevant Registry: [specify]]  
(ii) 
Pricing Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] [EUA Contract Linked Condition 7 
applies] 
(v) 
[Redemption 
Valuation 
Date:] 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
[Coupon Valuation Date(s):] 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
EUA Contract Reference 
Price: 
[specify] [For example: 
For any Pricing Date, that day's Specified Price on the 
[insert] of the EUA Contract][for the Delivery Date], [stated 
in [currency]][per][specify] quantity and commodity][, as 
made public by][specify] on that Pricing Date] 
[The Price Source is/are []]26 
(ix) 
EUA 
Contract 
Business 
Day: 
[EUA Contract Linked Condition [1] applies][specify] 
(x) 
Delivery Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Nearby Month:  
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Specified Price: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Exchange: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xiv) 
Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the relevant time 
on [insert relevant date(s)].]/[specify] 
(xv) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify] [[specify] EUA Contract Business Days]27 /[As per 
Conditions] 
(xvi) 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket of EUA Contracts is [specify]]/[Not applicable] 
 
26  
Delete if using automated EUA Contract Reference Prices 
27  
[Only applicable in respect of EUA contract linked notes linked to a single EUA contract]

--- Page 459 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
459 
 
 
(xvii) 
Rolling Futures Contract 
[Notes]/[Certificates]: 
[Yes/No] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[Dislocation Event: [Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
Dislocation Level: [specify]/[As per Conditions]] 
(xviii) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xix) 
EUA 
Contract 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
The EUA Contract Early Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount will be [determined in accordance with 
EUA Contract Linked Condition 7]/[insert amount] 
[EUA Contract 1: [specify relevant EUA forward contract] 
Strike Price in respect of EUA Contract 1: [specify price if 
known for purposes of F0 or otherwise delete if the fall back 
provisions of F0 are to apply]  
EUA Contract 2: [specify relevant EUA spot contract]] 
Strike Price in respect of EUA Contract 2: [specify price if 
known for purposes of S0 or otherwise delete if the fall back 
provisions of S0 are to apply] 
48. 
Bond Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][- terms specified under paragraph 30 above will 
also apply for Bond Linked Redemption unless specified 
otherwise in this paragraph 48] [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph. If the relevant item from the sub-paragraphs 
below has already been specified under paragraph 30 above, 
delete the corresponding sub-pagraph of this paragraph)  
(i) 
Bond: 
[The following Reference Item [(k)] will apply:] [Not 
applicable] [See table [above] [below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant 
details of where investors can obtain information about the 
Bond][(see paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Bond Issuer: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
Bond Nominal Amount: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Bond Maturity Date: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
Screen Page:  
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]]

--- Page 460 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
460 
 
 
(vi) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and 
Strike 
Days][Strike 
Level]:  
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(vii) 
Settlement Price: 
[As per Bond Linked Condition 10] [specify] 
(viii) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]]  
(ix) 
Valuation Time:  
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify [As per the Bond Linked 
Conditions] 
(x) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above] [below]] 
(xi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[As per Bond Linked Condition 10] [specify] 
 
49. 
Custom Index Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][- terms specified under paragraph 31 above will 
also apply for Custom Index Linked Redemption unless 
specified otherwise in this paragraph 49] [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph. If the relevant item from the sub-paragraphs 
below has already been specified under paragraph 31 above, 
delete the corresponding sub-pagraph of this paragraph)  
(i) 
[Custom Index][Basket of 
Custom Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table below] 
[Insert table]  
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant, 
details of where investors can obtain information about the 
Custom Index](repeat as necessary) 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Custom Index Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Index Sponsor:  
[The relevant Index Sponsor is [specify]] 
[See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]:  
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Averaging:  
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. 
[The 
Averaging 
Dates 
are 
[specify].][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply]

--- Page 461 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
461 
 
 
(v) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]]  
(vi) 
Valuation Time:  
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify [As per the Custom Index 
Linked Conditions] 
(vii) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above] [below]] 
(viii) 
Custom 
Index 
Business 
Day: 
[(All 
Custom 
Indices 
Basis)][(Per 
Custom 
Index 
Basis)][(Single Custom Index Basis)] 
(ix) 
Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[(All 
Custom 
Indices 
Basis)][(Per 
Custom 
Index 
Basis)][(Single Custom Index Basis)] 
(x) 
Custom Index Correction 
Period: 
[As set out in Custom Index Linked Condition 7][specify] 
(xi) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption:  
[specify][eight][Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
BusinessDays][Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events:  
[Not applicable][As per the Custom Index Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the [Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies)  
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Component Borrow]  
 
[Loss of Component Borrow] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Component Loan Rate in respect of [specify] 
is [specify] (only applicable if Loss of Component Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
[The Initial Component Loan rate in respect of [specify] is 
[specify]] (N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Component Borrow is applicable) 
50. 
Combination Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph [32 above] 
will also apply for Combination Redemption unless specified 
otherwise in this paragraph [50]] [Not applicable] 
(If applicable, complete relevant prompts from paragraphs 
39 to 49 above)

--- Page 462 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
462 
 
 
51. 
Provisions applicable to Instalment 
[Notes]/[Certificates]: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(Applicable in relation to Reference Item Securities linked to 
a combination of types of Reference Items) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Instalment Amounts: 
[specify] [per Calculation Amount] 
[(a) 
Calculation Amount * Instalment Factor * 
Instalment Payout] 
(b) 
[Instalment Payout: Insert relevant redemption 
formula from payout annex] 
(c) 
[Instalment Factor: means [specify]] 
[The Credit Linked Conditions are [not] applicable to the 
[first, second, etc] Instalment Amount(s)][Note: include 
where the Securities are Credit Linked Instalment Securities 
but where the Instalment Amounts are not subject to the 
Credit Linked provisions] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Instalment Dates: 
[specify] 
52. 
Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery: 
[Applicable][in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 
and paragraph 44 above] [where the Issuer has exercised its 
option to vary settlement pursuant to the application of 
Variation of Settlement per paragraph 54][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable or the Securities are Credit Linked 
Securities to which Credit Linked Redemption is applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Conversion Ratio: 
[[Calculation Amount][Specified Denomination]/(Nominal 
Amount of the Bond * Strike Level [* FX])] [specify] 
(specify for Bond Linked Securities where Physical 
Settlement is applicable) 
(ii) 
Entitlement Amount: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
definitions from Payout Condition 4][A nominal amount of 
the Relevant Asset equal to [specify]] [An amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to [specify]] 
(iii) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[specify][The Bond as set out in item [specify] above] 
(for bonds, include the following as applicable:) 
[ISIN: [specify]] 
[Issuer: [specify]] 
[Maturity: [specify]]

--- Page 463 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
463 
 
 
[Coupon: [specify]] 
(iv) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable:[specify]][Standard 
Unwind 
Costs][Not 
applicable] 
(v) 
Cut-off Date: 
[specify][As specified in General Condition 5(b)] [Not 
applicable] (delete if no Asset Transfer Notice pursuant to 
General Condition 5(b)) 
(vi) 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[specify] (may be deleted if business day for the Relevant 
Asset shall apply) 
(vii) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.][Dealer][specify] of 
[specify address] 
(viii) 
Assessed Value Payment 
Amount: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
53. 
Provisions applicable to Partly Paid 
[Notes]/[Certificates]: 
[Applicable in accordance with General Condition 6(k)][Not 
applicable] 
[(The [Notes]/[Certificates] will be subscribed at the Part 
Payment Amount(s) and on the Part Payment Date(s) 
specified in paragraph 4 above to the account specified to the 
Securityholders for such purpose by the Paying Agent on 
behalf of the Issuer. Securityholders shall make available to 
the Paying Agent the funds [Five] Business Days prior to the 
dates specified in paragraph 4 above.)] 
(Applicable in relation to Partly Paid Securities) 
54. 
Variation of Settlement: 
[The Issuer has the option to vary settlement in respect of the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] as set out in General Condition 5(b)(ii) 
[The minimum period of notice is [specify]][and][the 
maximum period of notice is [specify]][Not applicable] 
55. 
Payment Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
56. 
Renminbi Currency Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
57. 
Form of [Notes]/[Certificates]: 
[Bearer [Notes]/[Certificates]: 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Security exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Security which is exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer [Notes]/[Certificates] [on 60 days' notice 
given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event 
[including/excluding] the exchange event described in 
paragraph (iii) of the definition in the Permanent Global 
Security]]28 
 
28  
In relation to any Tranche of Securities which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples 
of EUR 1,000 the Global Security will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder.

--- Page 464 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
464 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Security exchangeable for definitive 
Bearer [Notes]/[Certificates] on and after the Exchange 
Date]29 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Security exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer [Notes]/[Certificates] [on 60 days' notice 
given at any time/only upon an Exchange Event 
[including/excluding] the exchange event described in 
paragraph (iii) of the definition in the Permanent Global 
Security]]]30 
 
[Registered [Notes]/[Certificates]: 
 
[Regulation S Global Security [specify nominal amount] 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC/ a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/ a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure (NSS))]] [Rule 144A Global Security [specify 
nominal amount] registered in the name of a nominee for 
DTC/ a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/ a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS)))][Definitive IAI Registered 
[Notes]/[Certificates] [specify nominal amounts]][Registered 
[Notes]/[Certificates] in definitive form [specify nominal 
amounts]]]] 
[CREST Depository Instruments: 
CREST 
Depository 
Interests 
("CREST 
Depository 
Interests") representing the [Notes]/[Certificates] may also 
be issued in accordance with the usual procedures of 
Euroclear UK & International Limited ("CREST").] 
58. 
New Global [Note][Certificate]:31 
[Yes][No]  
59. 
(i) 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s): 
[Not applicable][give details] (Note that this paragraph 
relates to the place of payment and not interest period end 
dates. All relevant Financial Centre(s) (including the 
location of the relevant agent(s)) should be included other 
than Target) 
(ii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not applicable] [specify]  
60. 
Talons 
for 
future 
Coupons 
or 
Receipts to be attached to definitive 
[Notes]/[Certificates] (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes as the [Notes]/[Certificates] have more than 27 Coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 Coupons are still to be 
made][No] 
 
29  
In relation to any Tranche of Securities which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples 
of EUR 1,000 the Global Security will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder. 
30  
In relation to any Tranche of Securities which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples 
of EUR 1,000 the Global Security will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder. 
31 
You should only elect "yes" opposite "New Global Security" if you have elected "yes" to the section in Part B under the heading 
"Operational Information" entitled "Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility" and the securities 
are issued in bearer form.

--- Page 465 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
465 
 
 
61. 
Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
[Not applicable][The provisions in General Condition 8 
apply] 
[Only applicable for Securities denominated in European 
currency except for Euro] 
62. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not applicable" should be specified. If the 
Securities may constitute "packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" should be 
specified) 
63. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Securities do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Not applicable" should be specified. If the Securities may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, "Applicable" should 
be specified.) 
64. 
Sales outside EEA and UK only: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
[The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms and declare 
that the information contained in these Final Terms is, to the best of their knowledge, in accordance with the facts 
and contains no omission likely to affect its import. [Insert relevant third party information] has been extracted 
from [specify source]. The Issuer and the Guarantor confirm that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: 
________________________________ 
By: 
________________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 466 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
466 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
 
[Application [has been made/will be made] by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the [Notes]/[Certificates] to be listed on [the 
official list of] [Euronext Dublin] [and] [the Nordic Growth 
Market NGM AB [(NDX [Sweden/Finland])]] [and] 
[admitted to trading on [the regulated market of] [Euronext 
Dublin] [and] [the Nordic Growth Market NGM AB [(NDX 
[Sweden/Finland])]] [and the Electronic Bond Market 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("MOT")] 
[and] [Taipei Stock Exchange ("TPEx"), which is not a 
regulated market] [with effect from [the Issue Date] 
[specify]]. 
[Application [has [also] been/will [also] be] made for the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] to be admitted to trading on the 
multilateral trading facility of [securitised derivatives 
financial instruments organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. ("SeDeX")] [EuroTLX organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. ("Euro TLX")] [with 
effect from/on or around] [specify]]. 
[[specify] will act as [specialist][liquidity provider][liquidity 
contributor] with reference to the [Notes]/[Certificates] 
traded on [MOT][SeDeX][EuroTLX][specify]] 
[TPEx is not responsible for the content of this document and 
the Base Prospectus and no representation is made by TPEx 
to the accuracy or completeness of this document and the 
Base Prospectus and any supplement or amendment thereto. 
TPEx expressly disclaims any and all liability for any losses 
arising from, or as a result of the reliance on, all or part of 
the contents of this document and the Base Prospectus and 
any supplement or amendment thereto. Admission to the 
listing and trading of the Securities on TPEx shall not be 
taken as an indication of the merits of the Issuer or the 
Securities. The Securities will be listed and traded on TPEx 
pursuant to the applicable rules of TPEx] 
(insert specific language required by Stock Exchange/Listing 
Authority) 
(Indicate in the case of a fungible issue that original 
Securities are already admitted to trading unless the 
minimum denomination of the Securities is €100,000 or more 
(or its equivalent in the relevant currency as at the date of 
issue) and the Securities are Derivative Securities 
 
(Indicate in the case of a fungible issue that original 
Securities are already admitted to trading unless the 
minimum denomination of the Securities is €100,000 or more 
(or its equivalent in the relevant currency as at the date of 
issue) and the Securities are Derivative Securities 
Estimated of total expense related to 
admission of trading: 
[specify]

--- Page 467 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
467 
 
 
(Delete if the minimum denomination 
is less than €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at 
the date of issue) or if the Securities 
are Derivative Securities) 
 
2. 
Ratings 
[Not applicable] 
Ratings: 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] have not been rated.] 
 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] to be issued [[have been][are 
expected to be]] rated:] 
 
[S&P Global:*[specify]] 
 
[Moody's:*[specify]] 
 
[Other*]: [specify] 
(Please include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
above ratings if this has previously been published by the 
relevant rating provider – this explanation is not required in 
the case of Securities with a denomination of €100,000 or 
more (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as at the date 
of issue) or where the Securities are not derivative securities 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation). 
(Delete the rest of this paragraph 2 
unless the Securities are to be listed 
on a regulated market) 
[[Inserting rating agency] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). [As such [[Insert rating agency] is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation.]] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency entity] is not established in the European Union and 
is not registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). [Insert the legal name of relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity] is therefore not included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert legal name of relevant non-EU credit rating agency 
entity] is not established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). The 
ratings have been endorsed by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU-registered credit rating agency entity] in 
accordance with CRA Regulation. [Insert the legal name of 
the relevant EU-registered credit rating agency entity] is 
established in the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation. [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU-registered credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.] The European 
Securities Markets Authority has indicated that ratings issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong

--- Page 468 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
468 
 
 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico (delete as appropriate)] 
which have been endorsed by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration] may be used in the EU by the relevant market 
participants.] 
 
[[Insert legal name of relevant non-EU credit rating agency 
entity] is not established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"), but it 
[[is]/[has applied to be]] certified in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation [[[EITHER:] and it is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority and [insert the 
legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating agency 
entity] is not included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency 
entity] is established in the European Union and has applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority [and [insert the 
legal name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation].] 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating 
agency entity] is not established in the European Union and 
has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). 
However, the application for registration under the CRA 
Regulation of [insert the legal name of the relevant EU credit 
rating agency entity that applied for registration], which is 
established in the European Union, disclosed the intention to 
endorse credit ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity][, although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
and [insert the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating 
agency entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation].] The European Securities Markets Authority 
has indicated that ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico 
(delete as appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency entity 
that applied for registration] may be used in the EU by the 
relevant market participants.]]32] 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
 
32  
Repeat for each credit rating.

--- Page 469 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
469 
 
 
(Description of any interest, including conflicting interest, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. This may be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement:) 
(i) 
Save for any fee paid to the Dealer [include other if applicable] (if applicable, such fee shall 
be as set out in paragraph (ii) below) [and/or any fee or other inducement paid to the 
distributor (if any)][give details], so far as the Issuer is aware no person involved in the offer 
of the [Notes]/[Certificates] has an interest material to the offer. [For specific and detailed 
information on the nature and quantity of the fee or inducement paid to the distributor (if 
any) the investor should contact the distributor.] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
(ii) 
Dealer commission [specify]/[Not applicable] 
(iii) 
[include additional conflicts of interest, if applicable] 
4. 
[Reasons for the Offer, ]33Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses34 
(i) 
[Reasons for the Offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus] 
[The 
Securities 
are 
[Green 
Securities][Social 
Securities][Sustainable Securities] and the net proceeds from 
the issuance of the Securities are intended to be used for 
["green"/[and/or]/"social"/[and/or]/"sustainability"] 
purposes as described in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this 
Base Prospectus.] [The net proceeds of the issue of the 
Securities will be used by the Guarantor to finance and/or 
refinance, in part or in full, new and/or existing [description 
of the relevant project to be inserted]. [ ]] 35 
[Any delay or failure by the Issuer or Guarantor in allocating 
or dealing with net proceeds of the Securities or otherwise 
performing as described under "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus and Part B of these Issue Terms will not constitute 
an Event of Default under the Securities and will not give rise 
to any other claim of a holder of the Securities] 
[⚫] (Specify if reasons for offer is different from what is 
disclosed in the Base Prospectus) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[specify] (If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[specify] (Include breakdown of expenses into each principal 
intended "use", presented in order of priority of such "uses") 
5. 
Yield36 
Indication of yield: 
[specify] 
 
33  
Delete in case the Reason for the Offer are not to be "green", "social" or "sustainability" purposes. 
34  
Delete this section for Securities with a denomination of €100,000 or higher (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as at the 
date of issue) and which are not derivative securities. 
35  
Delete as appropriate.  
36  
Delete this section in the case of Securities which are derivative securities for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 470 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
470 
 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price.][The yield is calculated at the Issue Date by 
[insert method of yield calculation] on the basis of [insert 
yield calculation hypothesis]] It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
6. 
Historic Rates of Interest - Floating Rate [Notes]/[Certificates] Only37 
Details of historic [EURIBOR][SONIA][SOFR][€STR] [specify CMS Rate] rates can be obtained [but 
not] free of charge from [Reuters and/or Bloomberg]/[specify source] 
7. 
[Performance of [Index]38[Share][Inflation][Foreign Exchange Rate][ETF][Fund][Reference 
Entity/Entities][Formula][Reference Item Rate][EUA Contract], Explanation of Effect on 
Value of Investment and Other Information concerning the Underlying ]39 
(Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
index/formula/rates/reference entity/exchange traded fund/fund/other variable can be obtained by 
electronic means and whether or not it can be obtained free of charge and a clear and comprehensive 
explanation on how the value of the investment is affected by the underlying and the circumstances 
where the risk is most evident.) 
[Where the underlying is an index, include the name of the index and details of where the information 
about the index can be obtained.] 
[Where the underlying is a security, include the name of the issuer of the security and the ISIN or 
equivalent identification number.] 
[Where the underlying is a basket of underlying, include the relevant weightings of each underlying 
in the basket.] 
[Where the underlying is a Reference Entity or a Reference Obligation, include the name of the 
Reference Entity, its address, country of incorporation, industry or industries in which the Reference 
Entity (or the issuer of the Reference Obligation) operates and the name of the market in which its 
securities are admitted.40 
[Where the underlying is none of the above, include details of where the information about such 
underlying can be obtained.] 
(Need to include a description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events that affect the 
underlying and any adjustment rules in relation to events concerning the underlying (if applicable).) 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information] 
[Include where the Notes reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse or recommend any 
products or services offered by the Issuer.] 
8. 
Operational Information 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[specify] 
 
37  
Delete this section in the case of Securities with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as 
at the date of issue). 
38  
The indices will only be indices where the administrator of the Index is included in the ESMA register. 
39  
Required for derivative securities. 
40  
Include when the Reference Entity or the Issuer of the Reference Obligation has securities already admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market and the Credit Linked Note comprises of a single Reference Entity 
or Obligation or in case of a pool of Reference Entities or Obligation in which the Reference Entity or the Reference Obligation 
represents a 20 per cent. or more of the pool.

--- Page 471 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
471 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
CUSIP: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Other Code(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
[Valoren Code: 
[specify][Not applicable]] 
(b) 
[CFI:41 
[specify][Not applicable]] 
(c) 
[FISN: 
[specify][Not applicable]] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg and the DTC 
approved by the Issuer and 
the Principal Paying Agent 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not applicable][give name(s)][The [Notes]/[Certificates] 
will also be eligible for CREST via the issue of CREST 
Depository Interests representing the [Notes]/[Certificates]] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
[Delivery [against][free of] payment] [Not applicable]  
(vii) 
Additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as Common Safekeeper [, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as Common Safekeeper,] [include this text for 
registered Securities] and does not necessarily mean that the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
 
[No.][Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] are capable of meeting them the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered securities]. Note 
that 
this 
does 
not 
necessarily 
mean 
that 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
(NB if "yes" selected the bearer Securities must be issued in 
NGS form) 
 
41  
Only to be included if required by the relevant stock exchange for reference data reporting purposes.

--- Page 472 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
472 
 
 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
9.1 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated] (if non-syndicated delete 
paragraph 9.2] 
9.2 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses] 
of 
Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments/quot
as 
(material 
features): 
[Not applicable][give names [and addresses] of each entity 
acting as underwriter [and its respective underwriting 
commitments]] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if such 
entities are not the same as the Managers. Where not all of 
the issue is underwritten, please include information about 
portion not covered) 
(ii) 
Date/Description 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[insert details][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
(iv) 
[Total 
(underwriting and 
placing) 
commission]42 
[Not applicable][give name] 
[specify] per cent. of the [Aggregate] Nominal Amount] 
9.3 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
[and address] of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not applicable][give name [and address]] 
9.4 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] are only for offer and sale outside 
the United States in offshore transactions to persons that are 
not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered, sold, transferred, 
pledged, delivered, redeemed, directly or indirectly, at any 
time within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, or by, any U.S. person. 
 
Each initial purchaser of the [Notes]/[Certificates] and each 
subsequent 
purchaser 
or 
transferee 
of 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] shall be deemed to have agreed with 
the issuer or the seller of such [Notes]/[Certificates] that (i) 
it will not at any time offer, sell, resell or deliver, directly or 
indirectly, such [Notes]/[Certificates] so purchased in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. 
person or to others for offer, sale, resale or delivery, directly 
or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or 
 
42  
Delete this section in the case of Securities with a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as 
at the date of issue).

--- Page 473 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
473 
 
 
benefit of, any U.S. person and (ii) it is not purchasing any 
[Notes]/[Certificates] for the account or benefit of any U.S. 
person.] 
 
(include the preceding two paragraphs for issuance of 
Bearer Securities pursuant to Regulation S) 
 
[No [Notes]/[Certificates] may be offered, sold, pledged, or 
otherwise transferred except (i) to the Issuer or any 
subsidiary thereof, (ii) pursuant to a registration statement 
that has become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act"), (iii) to a "Qualified 
Institutional Buyer" (within the meaning of Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) in compliance with Rule 
144A, [who is also a "qualified purchaser" within the 
meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 
Act") and the rules and regulations thereunder ("QP"), ](iv) 
to a person that is not a U.S. person in an offshore transaction 
complying with the requirements of Rule 903 or Rule 904 of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act or (v) pursuant to an 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act (if 
available).] 
 
(include the preceding paragraph for issuance of Registered 
Global Securities by BBVA Global Markets B.V. pursuant to 
Rule 144A) 
 
[No [Notes]/[Certificates] may be offered, sold, pledged, or 
otherwise transferred except (i) to the Issuer or any 
subsidiary thereof, (ii) pursuant to a registration statement 
that has become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act"), (iii) to a "Qualified 
Institutional Buyer" (within the meaning of Rule 144A under 
the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) in compliance with Rule 
144A, (iv) to a person that is not a U.S. person in an offshore 
transaction complying with the requirements of Rule 903 or 
Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act or (v) 
pursuant to an exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act (if available).] 
 
(include the preceding paragraph for issuance of Registered 
Global Securities by BBVA Global Securities B.V. pursuant 
to Rule 144A) 
 
Reg. S Compliance Category [2]; [TEFRA D][TEFRA 
C][TEFRA not applicable] (NB: Securities which will be 
represented by CREST Depository Interests to be TEFRA C)  
9.5 
[U.S. 
Withholding 
Tax 
Considerations 
As of the date of these Final Terms, the [Notes]/[Certificates] 
are "U.S. equity linked Securities" subject to withholding 
underSection 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986.] [As of the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has not 
determined whether the [Notes]/[Certificates] are “U.S. 
equity linked Securities” subject to withholding under 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
however, indicatively it considers that they will [not] be 
subject to withholding for these purposes. This is indicative 
information only, subject to change, and if the Issuer’s final

--- Page 474 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
474 
 
 
determination is different then it will give notice of such 
determination.]43 [specify] 44  
9.6 
U.S. 
"Original 
Issue 
Discount" Legend: 
[Not applicable] [FOR PURPOSES OF ORIGINAL ISSUE 
DISCOUNT RULES UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
INTERNAL 
REVENUE 
CODE 
OF 
1986, 
THIS 
[NOTE]/[CERTIFICATE] 
HAS 
ORIGINAL 
ISSUE 
DISCOUNT 
OF 
[currency][amount] 
PER 
EACH 
[currency][amount] OF NOMINAL AMOUNT OF THIS 
[NOTE]/[CERTIFICATE]; THE ISSUE PRICE OF THIS 
[NOTE]/[CERTIFICATE] IS [currency][amount]; THE 
ISSUE DATE IS [date]; AND THE YIELD TO MATURITY 
(COMPOUNDED [semi-annually]) IS [yield].] 
 
(include the preceding legend if the Securities are to be 
issued pursuant to Rule 144A or Section 3(a)(2) of the 
Securities Act, and are issued with an "original issue 
discount" for U.S. federal income tax purposes). 
9.7 
Non-Exempt Offer 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] [give details] (if not 
applicable, delete the remaining placeholders of this 
paragraph 9 and also paragraph 10 below). 
Non-Exempt 
Offer 
Jurisdiction: 
[France][,][and][Italy] [,][and] [Sweden] [,][and] [Finland] 
[,][and] [Portugal] 
9.8 
Offer Period: 
[specify date] until [specify date or a formula such as "the 
Issue Date" or "the date which falls [specify] Business Days 
thereafter"][give details] 
9.9 
Financial 
intermediaries 
granted specific consent to 
use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Conditions in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries/ 
Authorised Offeror receiving consent (specific consent)] 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements necessary 
to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a non- exempt offer in 
relevant jurisdictions. No such offer should be made in any 
relevant jurisdiction until those requirements have been met. 
Non-exempt offers may only be made into jurisdictions in 
which the Base Prospectus (and any supplement) has been 
notified / passported.) 
 
[The Issuer reserves the right to appoint other distributors 
during the Offer Period, which will be communicated to 
investors by means of a notice published as specified in 
paragraph [specify].] [No underwriting commitment is 
undertaken by the Distributor.] 
(In the case of offers in Italy, if applicable, consider whether 
consent should be applicable) 
10. 
Terms and Conditions of the 
Offer45 
 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [specify] (If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) [The [Notes]/[Certificates] will be offered to the public in [each][the] Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction(s) in accordance with the arrangements listed below.] 
 
43  
To be included if the Issuer has not made determination as of the date of the Final Terms (e.g., if the time of pricing is more than 
14 calendar days before the issuance of the Security). 
44  
Delete this Section 9.5 if the applicable Securities are not subject to withholding under Section 871(m).  
45  
Delete where no public offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation is intended

--- Page 475 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
475 
 
 
10.1 
Offer Price: 
[Not applicable][See paragraph 10.11 below][give details] 
10.2 
[Conditions to which the 
offer is subject:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
 
[Offers of the [Notes]/[Certificates] are conditional on their 
issue and are subject to such conditions as are set out in the 
[Distribution Agreement], As between Dealers and their 
customers (including Authorised Offerors) or between 
Authorised Offerors and their customers offers of the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] are further subject to such conditions 
as may be agreed between them and/or as is specified in any 
arrangements in place between them.] 
[Include if applicable: The effectiveness of the offer of the 
[Notes/Certificates] is conditional upon such admission to 
trading occurring by the Issue Date. In the event that 
admission to trading of the Securities does not take place by 
the Issue Date for whatever reason, the Issuer will withdraw 
the offer, the offer will be deemed to be null and void and the 
relevant Securities will not be issued.] 
10.3 
[Description 
of 
the 
application process]: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.4 
[Details of the minimum 
and/or maximum amount of 
application]: 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.5 
[Description of possibility to 
reduce subscriptions and 
manner for refunding excess 
amount paid by applicants:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.6 
[Details of the method and 
time limits for paying up and 
delivering 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
(NB: Under normal circumstances, on the Issue Date, 
allocated Securities will he made available to the 
Dealer(s)/Authorised Offerors in such account as may be 
held by them directly or indirectly at Euroclear or 
Clearstream. Luxembourg.) 
10.7 
[Manner in and date on 
which results of the offer are 
to be made public:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
(If applicable (i) specify dale on which the final size of the 
issue will be made public and (ii) insert specific details in 
respect of the method of publication (including, where 
relevant, details of any advertisements to be published).) 
10.8 
[Procedure for exercise of 
any right of pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercise:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.9 
[Whether tranche(s) have 
been reserved for certain 
countries:] 
[Not applicable][give details]

--- Page 476 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
476 
 
 
10.10 
Indication of the expected 
price 
at 
which 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] will be 
offered or the method of 
determining the price and 
the process for its disclosure 
and if the Notes are being 
offered to various categories 
of investors: 
[Not applicable][specify] [The Issuer had offered and will 
sell the [Notes]/[Certificates] to the Dealer(s) (and no one 
else) at the Issue Price of [specify] [less a total commission 
of [specify]]. The Dealer(s) and Authorised Offerors will 
offer and sell the [Notes]/[Certificates] to their customers in 
accordance with the arrangements in place between each 
such Dealer and its customers (including the Authorised 
Offerors) or each such Authorised Offeror and its customers 
by reference to the Issue Price and the market conditions 
prevailing at the time.] 
[The Notes may be offered to [any category of 
investors][Eligible Counterparties] [Profesional Clients] 
[Retail clients] [only] [specify]] 
10.11 
[Process for notification to 
applications of the amount 
allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
[Each investor will be notified by the relevant Dealer(s) and 
Authorised Offeror in accordance with the arrangements in 
place between such Dealer(s) or Authorised Offeror and its 
customers. Any dealing in the [Notes]/[Certificates], which 
take place will be at the risk of the investor.] 
10.12 
[Amount of any expenses 
and 
taxes 
specifically 
charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser:] 
[Not applicable][give details] 
10.13 
[Name(s) and address(es), to 
the extent known to the 
Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the 
offer takes place.] 
[The [Authorised Offerors] [and][the distributor] are 
identified in 9.9 above and identifiable from the Base 
Prospectus]/[None]/[give details]. 
10.14 
Name and address of the 
entities which have a firm 
commitment 
to 
act 
as 
intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity 
through bid and offer rates 
and description of the main 
terms of their commitment: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
11. 
Public Offers in Switzerland46 
[If the securities are publicly offered in Switzerland, add: Applicable, and specify i.e. An offer of the 
Securities may be made in Switzerland during the period from [(and including)](specify date) to [(and 
including)] (specify date)] (the "Swiss Offer Period"). [Investors are granted a withdrawal right 
pursuant to article 63 para. 5 FinSO during the Swiss Offer Period.]47] 
12. 
[EU Benchmarks Regulation 
 
[[Include if applicable: Amounts payable under the [Notes]/[Certificates] may be calculated by 
reference to [specify benchmark], which is provided by [administrator legal name]] [repeat as 
necessary]. As at the date of these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] [does/do] appear in the 
 
46  
Delete this section 11 if not required 
47 
Insert withdrawal right pursuant to article 63 para. 5 FinSO as an alternative to an extension of the Swiss Offer Period upon 
publication of a supplement.

--- Page 477 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
477 
 
 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.] [specify] 
does not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmark Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmark 
Regulation.]48  
13. 
[Index/Other Disclaimer49 
 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] are not sponsored, recommended, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index 
or the Index Sponsor. The Index Sponsor does not make any representations, whether express or 
implied, regarding the results to be obtained from using their Index or the level at which an Index may 
stand at any particular time or any particular date or otherwise, nor its suitability. Further, the Index 
Sponsor will not have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) for any inaccuracy in the data 
on which the Index is based, for any mistakes, errors, or omissions in the calculation and/or 
dissemination of the Index, or for the manner in which it is applied in the [Notes]/[Certificates] or the 
offering thereof. The Issuer shall not have any liability for any act of failure to act by the Index Sponsor 
in connection with the calculation adjustment or maintenance of the Index. None of the Issuer or its 
affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any control over the 
computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain 
information concerning the Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not 
independently verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking 
(express or implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the 
Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning the 
Index.] 
(Insert unless the relevant Index has a bespoke disclaimer, in which case, substitute for such bespoke 
disclaimer) 
[IHS Markit Index Disclaimer 
The Index Annex which is specified in these Final Terms in relation to the [Notes]/[Certificates] (for 
the purposes of this disclaimer only, a "Credit Index"), is the property of Markit Indices Limited (the 
"Index Sponsor") and has been licensed for use in connection with the [Notes]/[Certificates]. Each 
of the Securityholders acknowledges and agrees that the [Notes]/[Certificates] are not sponsored, 
endorsed, or promoted by the Index Sponsor. The Index Sponsor makes no representation whatsoever, 
whether express or implied, and hereby expressly disclaims all warranties (including, without 
limitation, those of the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use), with respect to the 
Credit Index or any data included therein or relating thereto, and in particular disclaims any warranty 
either as to the quality, accuracy and/or completeness of the Credit Index or any data included therein, 
the results obtained from the use of the Credit Index and/or the composition of the Credit Index at any 
particular time on any particular date or otherwise and/or the creditworthiness of any entity, or the 
likelihood of the occurrence of a credit event or similar event (however defined) with respect to an 
obligation, in the Credit Index at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. The Index 
Sponsor shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to the parties or any other person for 
any error in the Credit Index, and the Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise the parties or any 
person of any error therein. The Index Sponsor makes no representation whatsoever, whether express 
or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or selling the [Notes]/[Certificates], the ability of the 
Credit Index to track relevant markets' performances, or otherwise relating to the Credit Index or any 
transaction or product with respect thereto, or of assuming any risks in connection therewith. The 
Index Sponsor has no obligation to take the needs of any party into consideration in determining, 
composing or calculating the Credit Index. No party purchasing or selling the [Notes]/[Certificates], 
nor the Index Sponsor shall have any liability to any party for any act or failure to act by the Index 
Sponsor in connection with the determination, adjustment, calculation or maintenance of the Credit 
Index. "iTraxx®", "Markit iTraxx® Europe" and any other Index using the title "Markit iTraxx® 
Europe" are service marks of Markit Indices Limited and have been licensed for use by the Issuer.] 
[Custom Index disclosure: [specify] (Include information as required by Annex 17 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and any additional information as permitted by Annex 28 of 
 
48  
Delete this section 12 if Benchmark Regulation is not applicable. 
49  
Delete this section 13 if not required

--- Page 478 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
478 
 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980) in relation to any additional provisions relating 
to the relevant Custom Index. In particular include the name of the index, the index administrator and 
details of where the information about the index can be obtained.  
Where the custom index is composed by the Issuer or an entity belonging to the same group, the index 
administrator must be registered in the register maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation and the "EU BENCHMARK REGULATION" prompt above under 12. should 
be completed accordingly.) 
Where the index or custom index is provided by a legal entity or a natural person acting in association 
with, or on behalf of, the Issuer either (x) (i) the complete set of rules of the index and information on 
the performance of the index are freely accessible on the issuer’s or on the index provider’s website; 
and (ii) the governing rules (including methodology of the index for the selection and the re-balancing 
of the components of the index, description of market disruption events and of adjustment rules (if 
any) are based on predetermined and objective criteria), or (y) the index administrator must be 
registered in the register maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation and 
the "EU BENCHMARK REGULATION" prompt above under 12. should be completed accordingly).] 
[Annex [specify] to these Final Terms includes further information about the Index.]50 
[[The Issuer is only offering to and selling to the Dealer(s) pursuant to and in accordance with the 
terms of the [Programme Agreement]. All sales to persons other than the Dealer(s) will be made by 
the Dealer(s) or persons to whom they sell, and/or otherwise make arrangements with, including the 
Financial Intermediaries. The Issuer shall not be liable for any offers, sales or purchase of 
[Notes]/[Certificates] by the Dealer(s) or Financial Intermediaries in accordance with the 
arrangements in place between any such Dealer or any such Financial Intermediary and its customers.] 
[[Each [of] the Dealer(s) has acknowledged and agreed, and any Financial Intermediary will be 
required by the Dealer(s) to acknowledge and agree, that for the purpose of offer(s) of the 
[Notes]/[Certificates], the Issuer has passported the Base Prospectus in each of the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions and will not passport the Base Prospectus into any other Relevant State; accordingly, the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] may only be publicly offered in Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions or offered to 
Qualified Investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) in any other Relevant State and that all 
offers of [Notes]/[Certificates] by it will be made only in accordance with the selling restrictions set 
forth in the Prospectus and the provisions of these Final Terms and in compliance with all applicable 
laws and regulations.]51]. 
[Financial intermediaries seeking to rely on the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms to resell or place 
[Notes]/[Certificates] as permitted by article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation must obtain prior written 
consent from the Issuer and the Guarantor; nothing herein is to be understood as a waiver of such 
requirement for prior written consent.]52  
 
 
 
 
50  
Include as appropriate. 
51  
Delete unless for a public offer 
52  
Delete in respect of Securities with a denomination of at least €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency)

--- Page 479 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NON-EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
479 
 
 
SUMMARY OF SECURITIES 
[Insert completed summary for the Securities, unless minimum denomination is equal to or greater than €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency)]

--- Page 480 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
 
 
480 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement for Exempt Securities which will be completed for each Tranche 
of Securities issued under the Programme.1 
A form of Pricing Supplement substantially in the form set out herein can alternatively also be used for the 
issuance of each Tranche of 3(a)(2) Notes under the Programme.2 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR 
THE ISSUE OF THE [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] DESCRIBED BELOW 
[Date] 
[BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated 
under Dutch law with its seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but its tax residency in Spain) 
(as "Issuer") 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 213800L2COK1WB5Q3Z55]3 
[BBVA GLOBAL SECURITIES B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under Dutch law with its seat 
in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but its tax residency in Spain) 
(as "Issuer") 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 7245002K0ECNIA1YTU43]4 
Issue of [[Aggregate Nominal Amount][Nominal Amount][Number] of Tranche] [Title of [Notes]/[Certificates]] 
(the "[Notes]/[Certificates]") 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Structured Medium Term Securities Programme 
[Rule 144A Securities]5[3(a)(2) Notes]6 
guaranteed by 
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.[, NEW YORK BRANCH]7 
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain) 
(as "Guarantor") 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] are not intended to be offered, distributed or otherwise made available to any investor 
classified as retail investor in the jurisdiction where the [Notes]/[Certificates] areto be offered or otherwise made 
available.] 
 
1 
Delete when completing the Pricing Supplement. 
2  
Delete when completing the Pricing Supplement. 
3 
Insert for Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
4  
Insert for Securities issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V. 
5  
Insert for Rule 144A Securities only. 
6  
Insert for 3(a)(2) Notes only.  
7  
Insert for 3(a)(2) Notes only.

--- Page 481 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
481 
 
 
EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND UNITED KINGDOM 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] are not intended to be offered, distributed or sold to any investor in [the European 
Economic Area ("EEA")] [or] [the United Kingdom ("UK")], and no person may offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any [Notes]/[Certificates] which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Listing 
Particulars as completed by this Pricing Supplement to any investor in [the EEA] [or] [the UK].]8  
[This Pricing Supplement has been prepared on the basis that any offer of [Notes]/[Certificates] in [[(a)] any 
Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") from the requirement to publish a prospectus for 
offers of [Notes]/[Certificates] [and] [[(b)] the United Kingdom ("UK") will be made pursuant to an exemption 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK Prospectus Regulation and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended, the "FSMA") from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of [Notes]/[Certificates]]. 
Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer of [Notes]/[Certificates] in [[(a)] any Member State 
of the European Economic Area which are the subject of the offering contemplated in this Pricing Supplement 
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer] [and] [[(b)] the United Kingdom which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated in this Pricing Supplement may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation or section 85 of the [Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, the "FSMA")][FSMA] or 
to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer.]9 
[Neither the Issuer nor the Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of 
[Notes]/[Certificates] in any other circumstances.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO [EEA RETAIL INVESTORS] [AND] [UK RETAIL INVESTORS] – 
[Consistent with the foregoing paragraph,]10 the [Notes]/[Certificates] are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any [EEA retail investor in [the European Economic Area (the "EEA")][the EEA]] 
[or any] [UK retail investor in][ the United Kingdom ("UK")][the UK]]. [Consequently,] [no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the [Notes]/[Certificates] or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the [Notes]/[Certificates] or otherwise making them available to any 
EEA retail investor may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] [In addition,] [no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA")][EUWA] (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the [Notes]/[Certificates] or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the [Notes]/[Certificates] or otherwise making them available to any 
UK retail investor may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPS Regulation]. [For the purposes of this provision,] [an 
EEA retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a "retail client" as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of [MiFID II][Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]11; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
[Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"); or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation")][the 
Prospectus Regulation].] [In addition,] [a UK retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a "retail 
client" as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the [FSMA][Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA")] and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA].]  
 
 
8  
Insert where the Securities are going to be sold only outside the EEA and the UK. 
9  
Insert where no public offer (in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation) is intended in EEA. 
10  
Insert where the Securities are going to be sold only outside the EEA and the UK. 
11  
To be included if TM legends switched off, as MiFID not then defined anywhere.

--- Page 482 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
482 
 
 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any EEA retail investor other than in accordance with Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") and in each case in accordance with the additional requirements 
(if any) of the national competent authority in the Member State of EEA (the "Relevant State")]. [Pursuant to the 
PRIIPs Regulation, any Relevant State may require the ex-ante notification of the key information document (the 
"KID") to the competent authority for PRIIPs marketed in that Relevant State (a "Notification State").]  [In the 
EEA, the [Notes]/[Certificates] should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any EEA retail investor 
in any Notification State unless all relevant requirements in such Notification State have been first complied with.] 
[In the EEA, where the Notification State requires a KID to be provided in a particular language, to the extent that 
BBVA has not already prepared a KID in such language, the [Notes]/[Certificates] should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any EEA retail investor in any such Notification State until a KID has been prepared 
by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. in the relevant language.] [In the EEA, responsibility for compliance 
with any ex-ante notification and any ongoing regulatory obligation in respect of such KID in such Notification 
State shall lie solely with the person offering, selling or otherwise making the [Notes]/[Certificates] available in 
the Notification State.] [For these purposes,] [an "EEA retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.]]12 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE] [AND] [UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE]  TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the]/[each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the [Notes]/[Certificates] has led to the conclusion that: (i) [[(A)] 
the MiFID II target market for the [Notes]/[Certificates] is [eligible counterparties] [,][ and] [professional clients] 
[ and retail clients,] [[each] as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MIFID II][; and] 
[[(B)] the UK MiFIR target market for the [Notes]/[Certificates] is [eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")][,][ and] [professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA")[EUWA][ and retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]]; [and] [[(ii)] in the EEA, all channels for distribution of the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] are appropriate]]/ [(ii)] in the EEA, the following channels for distribution of the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] are appropriate: [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised 
sales ][and pure execution services] [[(ii)] in the EEA, (A) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (B) the following channels for distribution of the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ 
non-advised sales ][and pure execution services] [, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]][; and] [[(iii)] in the UK, all channels for distribution of the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] are appropriate]]/ [(iii)] in the UK, the following channels for distribution of the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] are appropriate: [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised 
sales ][and pure execution services] [(iii) in the UK, (A) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (B) the following channels for distribution of the [Notes]/[Certificates] 
to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised sales 
][and pure execution services] [, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the [Notes]/[Certificates] (for the purposes of this paragraph, a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, [[(a)] a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes]/[Certificates] (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable;] 
[and] [[(b)] a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] 
(by 
either 
adopting 
or 
refining 
the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable.]]. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
[The Notes and the guarantee thereof are offered pursuant to an exemption from registration under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), provided by Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The 
 
12  
Insert as necessary, where the product is a PRIIP for sale in the EEA and/or the UK for which a KID will be prepared.

--- Page 483 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
483 
 
 
Notes are not deposits or savings accounts and are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or 
any other governmental agency of the United States or any other jurisdiction.]13 [Neither the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] or determined that this Pricing Supplement is truthful or complete. Any representation to 
the contrary is a criminal offense. Under no circumstances shall this Pricing Supplement constitute an offer to sell 
or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these [Notes]/[Certificates], in any jurisdiction in 
which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to qualification under the securities laws of any such 
jurisdiction.]14 
SWITZERLAND 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] are not collective investment schemes within the meaning of the Swiss Federal 
Act on Collective Investment Schemes of June 23, 2006 ("CISA"). Accordingly, they are not subject to the 
supervision of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority, FINMA and investors do not benefit 
from the specific investor protection provided under the CISA. Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor. Neither this Pricing Supplement nor any offering materials relating to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates constitute a Prospectus within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act of June 15, 
2018 ("FinSA"). The [Notes]/[Certificates] must not be offered directly or indirectly in Switzerland except in 
circumstances falling within the exemptions listed in article 36 para. 1 FinSA15 [and must not be offered, sold or 
advertised to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) (“Retail Clients”) unless a key information document 
(Basisinformationsblatt) within the meaning of the FinSA (a "FinSA-KID") or a key information document 
pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation is made available to such Retail Client.]16  
PART A- CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions of the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] (and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Listing 
Particulars dated [⚫] 2024 [as so supplemented] (the "Base Listing Particulars").This document constitutes the 
Pricing Supplement for the [Notes]/[Certificates] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the [Notes]/[Certificates] is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars. Copies of the Base Listing 
Particulars have been published on the website of the Guarantor [(https://www.bbva.com/en/)]/[specify hyperlink] 
and the exchange where the [Notes]/[Certificates] are admitted to listing and trading. All references in the Base 
Listing Particulars and the General Conditions to the Securities shall mean the [Notes]/[Certificates].]17 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions of the 
Securities (and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Listing Particulars 
dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Listing 
Particulars. All references in the Base Listing Particulars and the General Conditions to the Securities shall mean 
the [Notes]/[Certificates].]18 
[[For purposes of this Pricing Supplement all references to each of the terms used in this Pricing Supplement set 
out in the left column of the table below shall be construed as references to the corresponding term in the Base 
Listing Particulars set out in the right column below. All related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
 
13  
Insert for 3(a)(2) Notes only. 
14  
Insert for 3(a)(2) Notes only. 
15  
Article 36 para. 1 establish the following prospectus exemptions: if (a) the offer is made to less than 500 Retail Clients, (b) if the 
denomination of the Securities is at least CHF 100'000, (c) if the Securities may only be purchased by investors investing at least CHF 100'000, 
(d) if the offer does not exceed the cap of CHF 8'000'000 (over a 12 month period) or € the offer is restricted and made nly to professional 
investors within the meaning of the FinSA (i.e., non-Retail Cliensts). For Exempt Securities, it would not be possible to recognise the 
Programme under the rules of the FinSA and, therefore, such Securities could not be offered in Switzerland in a way that triggers a prospectus 
requirement under the FinSA 
16  
Delete where no offer into Switzerland is intended. As this disclaimer is not strictly required by Swiss law but serves as disclosure 
for investors in Switzerland, the entire disclaimer for Switzerland may be deleted in case of an international offering that has no particular 
focus on investors in Switzerland 
17 
Include this for all securities unless the first tranche of the issue which is being increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with 
an earlier date. 
18  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of the issue which is being increased was issued under a Base Listing 
Particulars with an earlier date.

--- Page 484 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
484 
 
 
Terms used in this Pricing Supplement19 
Terms in the Base Listing Particulars20 
[insert relevant term] 
[insert relevant term] 
] 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act") or under any state securities laws, and the [Notes]/[Certificates] may not be 
offered, sold, transferred, pledged, delivered, redeemed, directly or indirectly, at any time within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, or by, any U.S. person. Furthermore, the [Notes]/[Certificates] do not 
constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) 
subject to the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA"), and trading in the [Notes]/[Certificates] 
has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") pursuant to the CEA. 
For a description of the restrictions on offers and sales of the [Notes]/[Certificates], see "Subscription and Sale 
and Transfer and Selling Restrictions" in the Base Listing Particulars.] 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act") or under any state securities laws, and the [Notes]/[Certificates] may not be 
offered, sold, transferred, pledged, delivered, redeemed, directly or indirectly except (i) to a "Qualified 
Institutional Buyer" (within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) in compliance 
with Rule 144A, [who is also a "qualified purchaser" within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United 
States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act") and the rules and regulations thereunder 
("QP"), ](ii) to a person that is not a U.S. person in an offshore transaction complying with the requirements of 
Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act or (iii) pursuant to an exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act (if available).]  [Furthermore, the [Notes]/[Certificates] do not constitute, and have not 
been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the U.S. 
Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the “CEA”), and trading in the [Notes]/[Certificates] has not been 
approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) pursuant to the CEA. For a 
description of the restrictions on offers and sales of the [Notes]/[Certificates], see “Subscription and Sale and 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions” in the Base Prospectus.]]21 
As used herein, “U.S. person” includes any “U.S. person” as defined in Regulation S [and any person that is not 
a “non-United States person” as defined in regulations adopted under the CEA.]22 
Include whichever of the following apply. If a paragraph is not applicable, (i) delete this paragraph in its entirety 
and change the numbering accordingly or (ii) specify “Not applicable” and delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of such paragraph. Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement. Where the context so permits, 
Terms in this Pricing Supplement may be attributed a numerical or letter suffix value when included hereon. 
Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted as “j”, “k”, “m”, “q”, “n”, “t” or “”" and the term may be 
completed on the basis of the number or numbers represented by j, k, m, q, n, t or i, as chosen at the time of an 
issue of Securities. When applicable and in order to improve the reading and intelligibility of the formulI) in the 
Pricing Supplement, the applicable suffixes may be included, completed and explained and may be presented as 
a table, if necessary, in the Pricing Supplement. Where the Pricing Supplement specifies that a table may be 
inserted, such table will set out amounts, entities, dates, items, rates, value levels, triggers, figures and other 
information which completes the definitions that appear in the relevant subparagraphs of the Pricing Supplement, 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities and the applicable Annex(es) to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities. Any units expressed in percentage can be shorted by the sym“o” "%". Where the Pricing Supplement 
specifies that a formula from the Payout Conditions and the relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions shall 
be inserted, each such formula and the related definitions may be shortened, condensed and simplified to make 
the formula more concise and clear  to avoid repeating definitions and explanations may be added to in order to 
improve the reading. Any paragraph can be replaced or removed if the term included in such paragraph has been 
 
19  
Including where used in any defined term. 
20  
Including where used in any defined term. 
21  
Include for Securities that may be sold to U.S. persons under Rule 144A. 
22  
Include for Securities that have been determined to be permanently prohibited from being offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged 
or delivered in the United States or to a U.S. person.

--- Page 485 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
485 
 
 
defined in any previous paragraph. The paragraphs set forth below may be organised, formatted into a gridded 
table and the numbering may be removed. Type, size of letter and layout may also  be discretionally changed.23   
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[BBVA Global Markets B.V. (NIF: N0035575J)][BBVA 
Global Securities B.V. (NIF: N0074943B)] 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Banco 
Bilbao 
Vizcaya 
Argentaria, 
S.A. 
(NIF: 
A48265169)][Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (NIF: 
A48265169), acting through its New York Branch] 
(iii) 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch][specify] 
(iv) 
Registrar: 
[Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A.][The Bank of New York 
Mellon][Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A ][Not 
applicable][specify]  
(v) 
Transfer Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A.][The Bank of New York 
Mellon][Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A ][Not 
applicable][specify] 
(vi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.][specify name] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[specify] (delete if Tranche 1) 
(iii) 
Date 
on 
which 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] 
will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
The [Notes]/[Certificates] will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date][exchange of the Temporary Global Security for 
interests in the Permanent Global Security, as referred to in 
paragraph [58] below, which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not applicable]  
 
[Annex 1: Payout Conditions]  
 
[Annex 2: Index Linked Conditions]  
 
[Annex 3: Equity Linked Conditions]  
 
[Annex 4: ETF Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 5: Fund Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 6: Inflation Linked Conditions] 
 
[Annex 7: Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security 
Conditions] 
[Annex 8: Credit Linked Conditions]  
 
[Annex 9: EUA Contract Linked Conditions] 
[Annex 10: Bond Linked Conditions] 
 
23  
Remove guidance notes in italics when preparing Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 486 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
486 
 
 
[Annex 11: Custom Index Linked Conditions] 
(More than one Annex may apply.) 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[specify] [[(“he "SER Subject Curr”ncy")] for the purpose 
of the Specified Denomination and calculations [and 
payments other than those to which the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions are specified to apply;] and (payments [to 
which the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions are specified 
to apply] shall be made in [specify] [(“he "Settlement 
Curr”ncy").]] 
[In respect of which payments to which the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions and the SER Intermediate Currency 
Requirements are specified to apply, “he "SER Intermediate 
Curr”ncy" is [specify].] 
(may be deleted if specified below) 
(i) 
UVR 
Inflation-Adjusted 
[Notes]/[Certificates]24: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(ii) 
UVR 
Equivalent 
of 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount/Specified 
Denomination(s)/Calculatio
n Amount as of the [Issue 
Date][specify]: 
The [[Aggregate] Nominal Amount is equal to UVR [specify]] 
The [Specified Denomination is equal to UVR [specify]] 
[Calculation Amount is equal to UVR [specify]] [all these 
based on the UVR rate of [specify] in effect as of the [Issue 
Date]][specify]. 
(iii) 
Specified 
Number 
of 
COP/UVR Business Days:  
[specify] 
(iv) 
Initial UVR: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Floored UVR Index: 
[Not applicable][Applicable, for the purpose of determining 
[the Final Redemption Amount only][all payments] 
4. 
[Aggregate] Nominal Amount: 
[include Specified Currency] [specify] [(being the equivalent 
of [specify] Certificates)] 
[The 
[Notes]/[Certificates] 
are 
Partly 
Paid 
[Notes]/[Certificates]] [see paragraph [54] below] 
(For Partly Paid Securities, specify the dates and amounts for 
the payment of aggregate nominal amount) 
[Part Payment Date(s) 
[specify] 
Part Payment Amount (s)] [specify] 
[specify] [Units (each Unit being [specify] in principal amount 
of the Certificates)] 
[The Certificates are issued in Units. Accordingly, references 
herein to Units shall be deemed to be references to [specify] in 
nominal amount of the Certificates and all references in the 
 
24  
Delete if not applicable

--- Page 487 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
487 
 
 
Conditions to payments being made in respect of a Calculation 
Amount shall be construed to such payments being made in 
respect of a Unit] 
Tranche:  
[specify] [(being the equivalent of [specify] Certificates)] 
(delete if Tranche 1) 
[specify] [Units (each Unit being [specify] in nominal amount 
of the Certificates)] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[specify] [per cent. of the [Aggregate] Nominal Amount] 
[being the equivalent of [specify] Certificate(s)] [per 
Certificate] [plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] [payable as set out in paragraph 4 above] 
[converted into the Settlement Currency at the Initial SER, 
being [specify amount] in respect of the [Aggregate] Nominal 
Amount where “Initial SER” means [specify]] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[specify] [(being the equivalent of [specify] Certificate(s))] 
(ii) 
Minimum 
Tradable 
Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] [(being the equivalent of [specify] 
Certificates] (for Securities that are intended to be traded in 
Italy, must be one (1) or multiples in excess thereof) 
(iii) 
[Calculation Amount:] 
[[specify] [Specified Denomination] [(being equivalent to 
[specify] Certificate(s))] (Insert the following in the case of 
Instalment 
Securities:) 
[(t“e 
"Original 
Calculation 
Amo”nt")][minus, for the purposes of any calculation by 
reference to the Calculation Amount on any day, the sum of 
the Instalment Amounts paid prior to the relevant day][which 
shall be reduced by [specify amount] after each Instalment 
Date] [save for the purposes of calculation of any [Interest 
Amount][Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount][Automatic Early Redemption Amount][Optional 
Redemption 
Amount][Entitlement 
Amount] 
[[payable][deliverable] on [specify]][for which purpose the 
Original Calculation Amount will apply] [Not applicable]]] 
(Insert the following in the case of Partly Paid Securities: [To 
the extent the [Notes]/[Certificates] are not fully paid up, the 
Calculation Amount and any amounts specified per 
Calculation Amount shall be proportionately reduced)] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor.  Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
(may be deleted where Calculation Amount is equal to the 
Specified Denomination)] 
 
(Where the Credit Linked provisions are not applicable to the 
[first, second etc] Instalment Amounts then the Original 
Calculation Amount minus the sum of such [first, second etc] 
Instalment Amounts should be used for the purposes of the 
Credit Linked provisions in paragraphs 10 and 34. Where the 
Credit Linked provisions apply to a portion of the Securities 
not subject to redemption by Instalments and /or for a 
specified period of time then such portion and/or specified

--- Page 488 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
488 
 
 
period should be used for the purposes of the Credit Linked 
provisions and specified in paragraphs 10 and 34) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify][Issue 
Date][Not 
applicable] 
(if 
Interest 
Commencement Date is the Issue Date, may be deleted) 
 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Securities, for example Zero Coupon Securities.) 
(iii) 
[Trade Date:] 
[specify] (may be deleted if Securities are referencing Annex 
2: Index Linked Conditions and/or Annex 3: Equity Linked 
Conditions and/or Annex 4: ETF Linked Conditions and no 
Strike Date is a Trade Date) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[The Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to [specify]] 
[specify] [(“he "Scheduled Maturity ”ate")] [or if that is not 
a Business Day the immediately [succeeding][preceding] 
Business Day [unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event it will be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day] [or such [later] date 
for redemption determined as provided in the [[Index 
Linked][Equity Linked][ETF Linked][Fund Linked][Inflation 
Linked] [FX Linked] Credit Linked][EUA Contract Linked] 
[Bond Linked] [Custom Index Linked] Conditions] [but 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 1(g)]][or, in all 
circumstances if applicable, such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Payout Condition 6]] 
9. 
[Interest Basis:] 
[Not applicable] [The Notes shall not pay interest] [per cent.] 
[per annum] [Fixed Rate] [Interest Leverage Multiplier: 
[specify]] 
(If the relevant item from the sub-paragraphs below has 
already been specified under paragraph 16 below, delete the 
corresponding sub-pagraph of this paragraph. May be deleted 
if relevant provisions will be included in paragraph 16 below) 
 
[EURIBOR][SONIA][SOFR][€STR][specify 
CMS 
Rate][specify] +/-[specify] per cent.] Floating Rate] [Interest 
Leverage Multiplier: [specify]] 
 
[Specified Interest Amount]) 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Switchable] 
 
(If Reference Item Linked Interest is the interest basis, specify 
one or more of the following) 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Equity Linked Interest] 
[ETF Linked Interest]

--- Page 489 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
489 
 
 
[Fund Linked Interest] 
 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest] 
[Credit Linked Interest][Reference Item Rate Linked Interest] 
[EUA Contract Linked Interest] 
[Bond Linked Interest] 
[Custom Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Combination 
Interest][Interest 
Leverage 
Multiplier: 
[specify]] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by reference to 
the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] [only in the specific 
circumstances set out in the Interest Rate Payout Formula]] 
[Calculation Amount Basis will apply]25 
 
(See paragraph [16] [and [specify]] below) 
10. 
[Redemption Basis:] 
[Redemption at [par][specify][(see paragraph [34] [(Final 
Redemption Amount)][and][specify] below)] 
(If the relevant item from the sub-paragraphs below has 
already been specified under paragraph 33 below, delete the 
corresponding sub-pagraph of this paragraph. May be deleted 
if relevant provisions will be included in paragraph  33 below) 
 
(If Reference Item linked Redemption is the redemption basis, 
specify one or more of the following) 
 
[Index Linked Redemption]  
 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
[ETF Linked Redemption] 
[Fund Linked Redemption] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Redemption] 
[Credit Linked Redemption] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption]  
 
[EUA Contract Linked Redemption] 
[Bond Linked Redemption] 
 
25

--- Page 490 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
490 
 
 
[Custom Index Linked Redemption] 
[Combination Redemption] 
 
[Instalment] (See paragraph [52] below) 
 
[For purposes of [32] (Automatic Early Redemption) below: 
[Index Linked Redemption] [Equity Linked Redemption] 
[ETF Linked Redemption]. For all other purposes [Index 
Linked Redemption] [Equity Linked Redemption] [ETF 
Linked Redemption] shall apply.] 
(Include if there are different redemption bases for Automatic 
Early Redemption and other purposes) 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by reference to 
the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] [only in the specific 
circumstances set out in the Final Payout Formula] 
(See paragraph [13] below) 
[subject to Variation of Settlement, (see paragraph [55] 
below)] 
11. 
Reference Item(s): 
[specify] [See paragraph [specify] [Index][Basket of 
Indices][Share][Basket 
of 
Shares][Index][Indices][ETF][Basket of ETFs][Fund][Fund 
Basket][Subject Currency][Subject Currencies] Reference 
Item Rate][Reference Spread][Reference Entity(es)][EUA 
Contract(s)] [Bond] [Custom Index] below] (Repeat if 
necessary) 
 
[Not applicable] 
[[insert table in the format below as applicable] 
 
[Name] 
[ISIN] 
[Exchang
e] 
[Screen 
Page] 
[Index 
Sponsor]] 
 
(information in this table can be removed if already set out in 
other paragraphs of this Pricing Supplement) 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[No] [Not applicable] 
 
[Securityholder Put Option] 
 
[Issuer Call Option] 
 
[(see paragraph[s] [37][38] below] 
13. 
Settlement 
Exchange 
Rate 
Provisions: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable][in 
respect 
of][all 
payments][payments of [interest][principal]only][only those 
payments to which these Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions are specified to apply]] 
[(See paragraph[s] [specify] below)]

--- Page 491 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
491 
 
 
(i) 
SER Intermediate Currency 
Requirements: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable[in 
respect 
of][all 
payments][payments of [interest][principal]only][only those 
payments to which these Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions 
and 
these 
SER 
Intermediate 
Currency 
Requirements are specified to apply]] 
 
Second Settlement Exchange Rate means [specify] 
SER Intermediate Currency means [specify] 
(ii) 
Settlement Exchange Rate: 
[Specify rate] [The Settlement Price determined on [specify] as set 
out in paragraph [specify] below] (if a pre-determined rate 
applies then delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph). 
(iii) 
SER Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] [SER Scheduled Trading Days prior to the 
[scheduled] [specify each payment date]] 
 
(where different SER Valuation Dates apply to different 
payment dates, specify in respect of each applicable payment 
date) 
(iv) 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining the Settlement 
Exchange Rate: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate 
in Payout Condition 6.3: 
 
SER Price Source: [in respect of the Settlement Exchange 
Rate:] [specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
 
SER Valuation Time: [in respect of the Settlement Exchange 
Rate:] [specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
 
SER Settlement Day Centre(s): [in respect of the Settlement 
Exchange Rate:] [specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
(v) 
SER Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
 
[Nationalisation] 
 
[Price Materiality, where: 
 
SER Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] per 
cent.  
 
SER Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined as 
set out in the definition of Settlement Exchange Rate]

--- Page 492 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
492 
 
 
 
SER Secondary Rate: [specify][SER First Fallback 
Reference Price [and]][SER Second Fallback 
Reference Price]] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.1]. 
[Not applicable] 
(vi) 
SER 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day City/Cities: 
[specify] [as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
(vii) 
SER Disruption Fallbacks 
(for Price Source Disruption 
and Price Materiality only): 
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the following 
order: 
[Valuation Postponement] 
SER 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement 
Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][SER Settlement Days] 
[specify] 
SER Maximum Days of Postponement: [specify] 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER First Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER First Fallback Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
 
SER Second Fallback Price Source: [specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Valuation Time: [specify] 
 
SER Second Fallback Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] (specify fallbacks required 
and arrange order in which to be applied)] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.3] 
[Not applicable] 
(viii) 
SER Cumulative Events: 
[Not applicable][Applicable and Maximum Cumulative Days 
of Postponement means [specify]] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.1] 
(ix) 
SER Number of Settlement 
Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other] [where SER Settlement Day 
Centre(s) means [in respect of the Settlement Exchange Rate:] 
[specify] [and in respect of the Intermediate Exchange Rate: 
[specify]]] 
[as per Payout Condition 6.3]

--- Page 493 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
493 
 
 
(x) 
SER Additional Disruption 
Event: 
[As per Payout Condition 6.3] [Not applicable] [The 
following SER Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies or if change of 
law does not apply) 
[[Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging] [Trade 
Date means [specify]] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable]  
14. 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable: 
Knock-in 
Value 
[for 
[every][any] Reference Item in the Basket] is [greater 
than][greater than or equal to][less than][less than or equal to] 
the Knock-in[Barrier][[within][outside] [the Knock-in Range] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
[The Reference Item Rate [1][2] is [greater][less] than [or 
equal to] the Knock-in Barrier] (Insert for Reference Item Rate 
Linked Securities) 
(i) 
Knock-in Value:  
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.1] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Barrier: 
[specify value or percentage] 
(iii) 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices 
etc] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, percentages, 
barrier etc] [Not applicable]  
(iv) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period][Not applicable]  
(v) 
Knock 
in 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify]][Not applicable]  
(vii) 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day] 
15. 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out Value [for 
[every][any] Reference Item in the Basket] is [(i)][greater 
than][greater than or equal to][less than][less than or equal to]

--- Page 494 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
494 
 
 
[the Knock-out [Barrier] [within][outside] the Knock-out 
Range] (If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[The Reference Item Rate [1][2] is [greater][less] than [or 
equal to] the Knock-out Barrier] (Insert for Reference Item 
Rate Linked Securities) 
(i) 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.1] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Barrier: 
[specify value or percentage] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices 
etc] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, percentages, 
level, or prices etc] [Not applicable]  
(iv) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[[From and including][From and excluding][To and 
including][To 
but 
excluding][specify]][Each 
Scheduled 
Trading Day in the Knock-out Determination Period][Not 
applicable] 
(v) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning Date Scheduled 
Trading Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a Knock out 
Determination Day] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
16. 
Interest Basis: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [The Notes shall not pay 
interest] [per cent.] [per annum] [Fixed Rate] [Interest 
Leverage Multiplier: [specify]] 
 
[EURIBOR][SONIA][SOFR][€STR][specify 
CMS 
Rate][specify] +/-[specify] per cent.] Floating Rate] [Interest 
Leverage Multiplier: [specify]] 
 
[Specified Interest Amount]) 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Switchable]

--- Page 495 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
495 
 
 
 
(If Reference Item Linked Interest is the interest basis, specify 
one or more of the following) 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Equity Linked Interest] 
[ETF Linked Interest] 
[Fund Linked Interest] 
 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest] 
[Credit Linked Interest][Reference Item Rate Linked Interest] 
[Bond Linked Interest] 
[Custom Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Combination 
Interest][Interest 
Leverage 
Multiplier: 
[specify]] 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by reference to 
the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] [only in the specific 
circumstances set out in the Interest Rate Payout Formula]] 
[Calculation Amount Basis will apply]26 
 
(See paragraph [16] [and [specify]] below) 
(i) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[specify if different from General Condition 4[(a)][(b)], 
otherwise may be deleted]  
(Repeat for each Interest Period after and/or before the Switch 
Option is exercised, as applicable) 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention 
for Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[specify if different from “unadjusted” standard otherwise 
may be deleted] [Adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention][Modified Following Business Day 
Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention][Floating 
Rate Convention]] [Not applicable (unadjusted)] (Repeat for 
each Interest Period after and/or before the Switch Option is 
exercised, as applicable) 
(if unadjusted, delete this subparagraph. If adjusted, specify 
same Business Day Convention as for Interest Payment Dates. 
Unless otherwise agreed, the Business Day Convention where 
the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR or €STR should be 
specified as Modified Following Business Day Convention) 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions][As defined in the 
relevant Interest Basis provisions below] [(i) Each scheduled 
Interest Payment Date set out in the table below or, in each 
 
26  
Include for Interest bearing Certificates

--- Page 496 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
496 
 
 
case; (ii) the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately 
following the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event, whichever is the earlier][The Maturity Date or the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following the 
occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event, 
whichever is the earlier] [Upon the occurrence of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event, interest shall cease to 
accrue and no further interest will be payable after the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date.] (may be deleted if 
included in another subparagraph) 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention 
for 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[specify if different from Modified Following Business Day 
Convention standard set out in General Condition 4[(a)][(b)], 
otherwise may be deleted] [Following Business Day 
Convention][Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Preceding Business Day Convention][Floating 
Rate Convention]  
 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for Interest Period 
End Date(s), unless Interest Payment Date(s) is (are) 
expressed to be a number of Business Days after the relevant 
Interest Period End Final Date, Interest Payment Date(s) 
must be subject to the same Business Day Convention) 
(v) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[specify][per cent.][per annum][Not applicable] (Repeat for 
each Interest Period after and/or before the Switch Option is 
exercised, as applicable) 
 
(If a Minimum Interest Rate applies for each Interest Period, 
the Minimum Interest Rate shall be specified separately for 
each Interest Period) 
(vi) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[specify][per cent.][per annum][Not applicable] (Repeat for 
each Interest Period after and/or before the Switch Option is 
exercised, as applicable) 
 
(If a Maximum Interest Rate applies for each Interest Period, 
the Maximum Interest Rate shall be specified separately for 
each Interest Period.) 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[specify if different from 1/1 standard as set out in General 
Condition 4(k), subparagraph (K) of the Definition of Day 
Count 
Fraction, 
otherwise 
may 
be 
deleted] 
[30/360][Actual/Actual 
[(ICMA)][(ISDA)]] 
[Actual/365 
[(Fixed)][(Sterling)]] [Actual/360] [30/360/] [360/360] [Bond 
Basis] [30E/360 [(ISDA)]] [Eurobond Basis] [1/1] [1] [Not 
applicable] (Repeat for each Interest Period after and/or 
before the Switch Option is exercised, as applicable) 
 
(Where 
Actual/Actual 
ICMA 
is 
applicable, 
insert 
Determination Date(s) below) 
(Repeat for each Interest Basis as necessary) 
(Where the Reference Rate is (i) SONIA, specify 
Actual/365(Fixed); and (ii) SOFR or €STR, specify 
Actual/360) 
(viii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[specify][in each year]][Not applicable]

--- Page 497 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
497 
 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In which case, insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon) 
(ix) 
Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of [the] [each] Interest Payment Date[s] [(from 
[specify] to [specify])][ falling [on][during the period from and 
including] [specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not 
applicable]]the Rate of Interest shall be [determined by the 
Calculation Agent [as][in accordance with the following 
formula(s)][insert formula]]:    
 
(The above formulation may be repeated as necessary for each 
relevant interest type below) 
 
[Fixed Rate] 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
(In respect of a Rate of Interest ForIa(e) from Payout 
Condition 2.1  insert formula, relevant value(s) and other 
related definitions from Payout Condition 2.1 and relevant 
definitions from Payout Condition 5) 
 
[Option FX: Applicable] (specify as applicable for each Rate 
of Interest where FX option is to apply) 
 
(If the Rate or Interest is calculated by reference to different 
Reference Items, Valuation Dates, etc.  in respect of each 
Interest Payment Date, above options may be repeated and 
numerical suffixes may be used to clarify which Reference 
Item, Rate of Interest, Valuation Date etc. applies in respect 
of the corresponding Interest Payment Date) 
17. 
Switchable Securities: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate of Interest applicable to 
the 
Interest 
Periods 
preceding 
the 
Optional 
Switch Date in respect of 
which the Issuer Switch 
Option is exercised: 
[Fixed Rate][Floating Rate]. The items specified in paragraph 
[18]/[19] shall apply for such Interest Periods. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to 
the 
Interest 
Periods 
following 
the 
Optional 
Switch Date in respect of 
which the Issuer Switch 
Option is exercised: 
[Fixed Rate][Floating Rate]. The items specified in paragraph 
[18]/[19] shall apply for such Interest Periods. 
(iii) 
Optional Switch Date(s): 
[[specify] 
[Any 
Interest 
Payment 
Date][The 
[first][second][specify] Interest Payment Date] [[specify] in 
each year, from and including [specify], to and including the 
[specify]][, or if that is not a Business Day the immediately 
succeeding Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event it will be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day.]

--- Page 498 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
498 
 
 
(iv) 
Minimum Notice Period: 
[[specify] prior to the Optional Switch Date in respect of 
which the Issuer Switch Option is exercised] 
18. 
Fixed 
Rate 
[Note]/[Certificate] 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
[45] 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined repeat items 
(i) to (iii) of this paragraph for each such rate and, if Digital 
Coupon One Dual Condition of Digital Coupon Two Dual 
Conditions apply distinguish between the Rate which is Rate 
A, the Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is Rate C if 
applicable) 
(i) 
Fixed Rate: 
[[specify] [per cent. [per annum] payable [annually][semi-
annually][quarterly][monthly] in arrears on [the][each] 
Interest Payment Date[s]][Not applicable] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
(ii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount] [payable on [the][each] 
Interest Payment Date[s] falling [in][on][specify] [Not 
applicable] 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount, payable on [the][each] 
Interest Payment Date[s] falling [in][on][specify]][Not 
applicable] 
19. 
Floating Rate [Note]/[Certificate] 
Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify] only]][Not applicable] 
[for purposes only of determini“g th” "Rate" element of the 
Rate of Interest specified in item [16(ix)]] (insert where "Rate 
of Interest - Range Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
[45] 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, repeat 
items [specify] to [specify] for each such rate and, if Digital 
Coupon One Condition or Digital Coupon Two Conditions 
apply distinguish between the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate 
which is Rate B and the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[specify length of period] [Not applicable] 
(ii) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount 
is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(further particulars specified below) 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]

--- Page 499 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
499 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(If applicable, for floating rate Securities not referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR include (a) to [(d)] below and delete 
the other sub-paragraphs) 
(If applicable, for floating rate Securities referencing SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR include (a) to [(TBD)] (excluding (c) below, 
delete otherwise) 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[specify period] [month] [year] [EURIBOR] [SONIA] 
[SOFR] [€STR] [CMS Rate with a Designated Maturity of 
[insert years]][specify Government Bond Yield Rate][specify 
TEC Rate] [with a Designated Maturity of [insert years]] 
[specify other] 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] [[specify] [prior to the [The][first] day of each 
Interest 
Period]] 
[The 
[second][specify] 
[Business 
Day][specify] falling prior to Interest Payment Date][Each 
Interest Payment Date, provided that in respect of the final 
Interest Period, the Interest Determination Date shall be the 
[second][ ] [Business Day][specify] falling prior to Interest 
Payment Date ([not] taking into account any adjustment made 
pursuant to General Condition 5 (Payments, Physical Delivery 
and Exchange of Talons)) – use for Payment Delay only]  
(c) 
Specified Time: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(Not applicable, for SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
(d) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify][The SOFR Screen Page][ECB Website] [New York 
Federal ’eserve's Website]  
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(e) 
RFR 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(f) 
Determination 
Method: 
[Compounded Daily Rate – include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or if this is the 
chosen 
determination 
method 
where 
RFR 
Index 
Determination is specified as Not applicable][Weighted 
Average Rate] 
(g) 
Observation 
Method: 
[Observation Shift][Lag][Lock-Out][Payment Delay] 
(h) 
”Y: 
["Y":] means [360] (likely to be specified for USD and Euro) 
[365] (likely to be specified for GBP)][specify] [Not 
applic“b”e] 
(i) 
"p": 
[specify] (only if Observation Shift (Standard Shift) or Lag are 
applicable]][Not applicable] 
(j) 
Effective 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[In respect of each Interest Period other than the final Interest 
Period, 
the 
date 
falling 
[two][specify] 
[Business

--- Page 500 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
500 
 
 
Days][specify] following the Interest Payment Date, and in 
respect of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or 
redemption date (as applicable) of the Securities. [Not 
applicable] (include Not applicable if Payment Delay is not 
specified as the Observation Method) 
(k) 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[(specify) Reference Rate Business Day(s) immediately 
prior to the Interest Determination Date] [as per 
General Condition 4(b)(iv)(2)(D)] [Not applicable] (include 
where Lock-Out or Payment Delay is specified as the 
Observation Method) 
(l) 
[SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
Priority:  
[As 
per 
General 
Condition 
4(b)(iv)(4)][specify][Not 
applicable] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR)] 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[specify] [EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions 
apply) / EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) / 
EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR Compounded Index / GBP 
SONIA / GBP SONIA Compounded Index / USD-SOFR / 
USD-SOFR Compounded Index] / USD-SOFR ICE Swap 
Rate 
(if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index specify 
not applicable in Compounding: and (f) and complete (g) 
below) 
(c) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the Floating 
Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] [as specified in the ISDA Definitions][the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period] 
(e) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
Compounding Method: 
[OIS Compounding] 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [Five][specify] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [specify] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout

--- Page 501 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
501 
 
 
Lockout: [specify] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Applicable Business 
Days][specify]] 
 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: [specify] per cent.] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: [specify] per cent.]] 
(f) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
Averaging Method: 
[Overnight Averaging] 
[Averaging with Lookback 
[Five][specify] Applicable Business Days] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [Five][specify] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [Five][specify] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Applicable Business 
Days][specify]] 
 
[Daily 
Capped 
Rate 
and/or 
Daily 
Floored 
Rate: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: [specify] per cent.] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: [specify] per cent.]] 
(g) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [Five][specify] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
[Standard Index Method][Compounded Index Method] 
(h) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 502 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
502 
 
 
Payment Delay:  
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[Effective 
Interest 
Payment 
Date:   
In respect of each Interest Period other than the final Interest 
Period, 
the 
date 
falling 
[two][specify] 
[Business 
Days][specify] following the Interest Payment Date, and in 
respect of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or 
redemption date (as applicable) of the [Notes]/[Certificates] 
(include if Payment Delay is specified as applicable for 
Floating Rate Option when OIS Compounding or Overnight 
Averaging is the applicable calculation method and for 
Floating Rate Option Index if Index Method is Standard Index 
Method or Compounded Index Method) 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not applicable][A–plicable - the Rate of Interest for the 
[long][short] [first][last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(vi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][specify][per cent][per annum][Not applicable] 
(If a Margin applies for each Interest Period, the Margin shall 
be specified separately for each Interest Period)  
20. 
Specified 
Interest 
Amount 
[Note]/[Certificate] Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(i) 
Specified 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[In respect of [the][each] [following] Specified Interest 
Payment Date[s] [from and including [[specify] to and 
including [specify]]], [specify] per Calculation Amount][See 
table [above][below]](Insert table) (Note that for partially 
Credit-Linked Securities where the Specified Interest Amounts 
are not credit-linked, the amount specified per Calculation 
Amount should be the intended Specified Interest Amount per 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (1-Credit Multiplier).) 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
[45] 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[specify][[Each][The] Interest Payment Date falling on or 
nearest to] [specify][from and including [the Interest Payment 
Date falling on or nearest to] [specify] to and including [the 
Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to][specify]][, as 
adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention] 
[See table [above][below]](Insert table) 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Amount 
Multiplier: 
[Not applicable] [specify][Credit Event Reduction Factor] 
(only include where relevant for Credit Linked Securities ) 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention 
[specify] (only include if necessary) 
21. 
Zero Coupon [Note]/[Certificate] 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]

--- Page 503 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
503 
 
 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
[45] 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
Accrual Yield: 
[specify] per cent. [per annum] [30/360][specify] 
22. 
Index Linked Interest: 
[Applicable] [in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify] only][Not applicable] [for 
the purposes of determ“ning the "Rate o” Interest" specified 
in item [16(ix)]]  
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
[45] 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
[Index][Basket of Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table [above] 
[below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant details 
of where investors can obtain information about the 
Index][(see paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
[The (specify Index) is [not] a [Single-Exchange] [or] [Multi-
Exchange Index] (repeat as necessary)] 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Index Linked Conditions]] 
(may be deleted if specified elsewhere in this Pricing 
Supplement) 
(ii) 
[Exchange(s)] 
[Pricing 
Source]: 
and 
Index 
Sponsor]: 
(a) 
the relevant [Exchange[s]][Pricing Source [s] 
[is][are]specify] 
[there 
are 
no 
relevant 
[Exchanges][Pricing Sources]][specify]; and 
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [specify].] 
[See table [above][below]] 
(include Pricing Source if non Multi-Exchange/Single-
Exchange is selected above). 
(iii) 
[Related Exchange][Related 
Pricing Source]: 
[specify][All Exchanges] (specify if different from “All 
Exchanges” standard set out in Annex 2, otherwise may be 
deleted) [All Related Pricing Sources] (include Related 
Pricing Source if the Index is a non Single-Exchange or Multi-
Exchange Index). 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]]

--- Page 504 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
504 
 
 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][See table [above] [below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
(vii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify][See table [above][below]][Insert table][or such later 
date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(viii) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]  
(ix) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation Period] 
[specify][As per the Index Linked Conditions] 
(x) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(xi) 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day][Index Business Day]:  
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single Index 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)]] (include Index Business Day if 
non Multi-Exchange/Single-Exchange is selected above) (may 
be deleted in case of a single Index or in case of a Basket of 
Indices where All Indices Basis applies)  
(xii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single Index 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] (must match election made for 
Exchange Business Day/ Index Business Day, if selected) 
(may be deleted in case of a single Index or in case of a Basket 
of Indices where All Indices Basis applies) 
(xiii) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(may be deteled if eight applies) 
(xiv) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Index Linked Conditions] [The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]:]  
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
(specify if different from standard set out in Annex 2, 
otherwise may be deleted) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Component Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Component Borrow] 
 
[Change in Law: Not applicable]

--- Page 505 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
505 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Component Loan Rate in respect of [specify] 
is [specify]] (Only applicable if Loss of Component Borrow is 
applicable) 
 
[The Initial Component Loan Rate in respect of [specify] is 
[specify]] (Only applicable if Increased Cost of Component 
Borrow is applicable) 
23. 
Equity Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determ“ning the "Rate o” Interest" 
specified in item [16(ix)]]  
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [[not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
[45] 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
[Share(s)]/ 
[Basket 
of 
Shares]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [See table [above] [below]] [Insert 
table] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
(also specify for each Share whether or not “China Connect” 
applies) 
 
[Weighting: 
[[Not 
applicable]] 
[[specify][Each 
such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Equity Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] (may be deleted if shown 
on the screen page) 
(iii) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] (specify if different from 
standard set out in Annex 3, otherwise may be deleted) 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges] (specify if different from “All 
Exchanges” standard set out in Annex 3, otherwise may be 
deleted) 
(vi) 
Depositary 
Receipt 
provisions: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable][For 
Reference 
Item 
k=[specify][and k=[specify]] (the paragraphs below may be 
deleted if the standard set out in Annex 3 shall apply) 
(a) 
Details of share: 
[specify name and ISIN code of the share to which the relevant 
Depository Receipts relate] 
(b) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
(vii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]]

--- Page 506 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
506 
 
 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
applies 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]. The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above] [See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply] 
(ix) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [ See table [above][below]] [Insert table] [or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(x) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]  
(xi) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation Period]] 
[[specify][Às per the Equity Linked Conditions] 
(xii) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(xiii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] (may be deleted in case of a 
single Share or in case of a Basket of Shares where All Shares 
Basis applies) 
(xiv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] (may be deleted in case of a 
single Share or in case of a Basket of Shares where All Shares 
Basis applies) 
 
(Must match election for Exchange Business Day) 
(xv) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(may be deteled if eight applies) 
(xvi) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[As per the Equity Linked Conditions][In addition to De-
Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Tender Offer unless 
Tender Offer (specified below as not applicable) and 
Nationalisation, the following Extraordinary Events apply to 
the [Notes]/[Certificates]: 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
(specify if different from standard set out in Annex 3, 
otherwise may be deleted) 
 
[Listing Change] 
 
[Listing Suspension] 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable]

--- Page 507 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
507 
 
 
(xvii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Equity Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]:] (specify if different from standard set 
out in Annex 3, otherwise may be deleted) 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow]  
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]] (Only applicable 
if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in relation 
to each relevant Share] is [specify]] (Only applicable if 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
24. 
ETF Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determ“ning the "Rate o” Interest" 
specified in item [16(ix)]]  
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
[45] 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
[ETF(s)]/[Basket of ETFs]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [See table [above][below]] [Insert 
table] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the ETF Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
ISIN of ETF Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] (may be deleted if shown 
on the screen page) 
(iii) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]]

--- Page 508 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
508 
 
 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] (specify if different from 
standard set out in Annex 4, otherwise may be deleted) 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges] (specify if different from “All 
Exchanges” standard set out in Annex 4, otherwise may be 
deleted) 
(vi) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(vii) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a [Disrupted Day], 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply] 
(viii) 
Interest Payment Dates(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [insert table] [or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(ix) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify] [See table [above][below] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]  
(x) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation Period]] 
[[specify][As per the ETF Linked Conditions]  
(xi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(xii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[[(All ETF Shares Basis)][[(Per ETF Share Basis)]][(Single 
ETF Share Basis)]][(Cross Asset Basis)]] (may be deleted in 
case of a single ETF Share or in case of a Basket of ETF 
Shares where All ETF Shares Basis applies)  
(xiii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[[(All ETF Shares Basis)]][[(Per ETF Share Basis)]][(Single 
ETF Share Basis)]][(Cross Asset Basis)]] (may be deleted in 
case of a single ETF Share or in case of a Basket of ETF 
Shares where All ETF Shares Basis applies)  
(xiv) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[Not applicable][specify][eight][Scheduled Trading Days] 
(may be deleted if eight applies) 
(xv) 
Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 2(b)] [specify] 
(specify if different from standard set out in Annex 4, 
otherwise may be deleted) 
(xvi) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
ETF Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the ETF Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary ETF Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]: (specify if different from standard set 
out in Annex 4, otherwise may be deleted)

--- Page 509 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
509 
 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in relation 
to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only applicable if 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
25. 
Fund Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determ“ning the "Rate o” Interest" 
specified in item 16(ix)]  
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
[45] 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
Fund(s)/Fund Basket(s): 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [See table [above][below]] [Insert 
table] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[The NAV per Fund Share will be published on [specify]] 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the [Fund Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[specify][a 
unit 
of 
the 
relevant 
Fund] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][See table [above][below]]

--- Page 510 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
510 
 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Fund Non-Valuation 
Date, [Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] 
will apply] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [insert table] [or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(v) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify] [See table [above][below] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(vi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(vii) 
Fund Business Day: 
[specify][(All 
Fund 
Share 
Basis)][(Per 
Fund 
Share 
Basis)][(Single Fund Share Basis)]] [As per the Fund Linked 
Conditions] (may be deleted in case of a single Fund Share) 
(viii) 
Initial Calculation Dates:  
 
(a) 
Initial Calculation 
Day:  
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(b) 
Initial Calculation 
Date: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Calculation 
Period: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(x) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Extraordinary Fund Events: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 1] [specify] 
(a) 
NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
NAV 
Trigger 
Percentage: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(c) 
NAV 
Trigger 
Period: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(d) 
Number of NAV 
Publication Days: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(e) 
Basket 
Trigger 
Level: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(xii) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
Fund Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Fund Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary Fund Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]

--- Page 511 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
511 
 
 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Delayed Payment Cut-Off 
Date: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 3][specify] 
26. 
Inflation Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] 
[to 
and 
including 
[specify]] 
only]] 
[Not 
applicable][for the purposes of determ“ning the "Rate o” 
Interest" specified in item [16(ix)]]  
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
[45] 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(If more than one Inflation Rate is to be determined, repeat 
items (i) to (vii) for each such Inflation Rate and, if Digital 
Coupon One Condition or Digital Coupon Two Conditions 
apply distinguish between the Rate which is Rate A, the Rate 
which is Rate B and the Rate which is Rate C if applicable) 
(i) 
[Index][Indices][Basket of 
each Inflation Index] 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
 
(Set out each Index level a“d insert "in respect of [spe”ify 
date]" following each Index level) 
(ii) 
Screen 
Page/Exchange/ 
CODE: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fallback Bond][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Initial Relevant Level: 
[specify][Not applicable] [The Interpolated Relevant Level 
between [specify relevant month] and [specify relevant 
month]]  
(vii) 
Reference Month: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Determination Date 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Revision of Index Level: 
[Revision][No Revision] 
(x) 
Interpolation: 
[specify] [Applicable][Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Inflation Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption]

--- Page 512 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
512 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
27. 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]] [for the purposes 
of determ“ning the "Rate o” Interest" specified in item 
[16(ix)]] [For the purpose of determ“ning the "R” FX Level" 
specified in item [16(ix)]] [Not applicable] 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
[45] 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] 
(ii) 
Subject 
Currency/Currencies:  
[specify][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] [and EM Foreign 
Exchange Rate Provisions apply to such Subject Currency] 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][See table [above] [below] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [Insert table] [or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(vi) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(vii) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(viii) 
Provisions applicable where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Provisions do not 
apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to which 
these provisions apply where there is a Basket]]][Not 
applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security 
Condition 6]  
(d) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption]

--- Page 513 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
513 
 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Not applicable] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where Non-EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different Disruption Events (or 
components thereof) also apply thereto). 
(e) 
Specified 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify][Five][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable]  
(ix) 
Provisions applicable where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to which 
these provisions apply where there is a Basket]]][Not 
applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining 
the 
Settlement Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security Condition 6 
[and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where more than 
one Subject Currency]]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
(b) 
EM 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] per 
cent. 
EM Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined as 
set out in the definition of Settlement Price]

--- Page 514 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
514 
 
 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First Fallback 
Reference 
Price 
[and]][EM 
Second 
Fallback 
Reference Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Events (or components thereof) also apply thereto) 
(c) 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply thereto) 
(d) 
EM 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply thereto) 
(e) 
Cumulative 
Events: 
[Not applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum Cumulative 
Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply thereto) 
(f) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify 
other] 
[Business 
Days] 
[where 
Settlement Day Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][ Settlement Days] [specify]

--- Page 515 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
515 
 
 
(x) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Conditions] [The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the [Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Hedging Disruption][Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(insert where Change in Law does not apply) 
28. 
Reference 
Item 
Rate 
Linked 
Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including] [specify] only][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determ“ning the "Rate o” Interest" 
specified in item 16(ix)]  
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
[45] 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: and the Credit Linked Conditions]  
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Security Provisions shall apply. 
For the purposes of determining the Reference Item Rate on 
the basis of elections in this paragraph] 
 
(If more than one Reference Item Rate is to be determined, 
include the following “anguage: "Reference Item Rate 
[specify] is a” follows:" and repeat items (i) to (vi)) below for 
each such Reference Item Rate) 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(a) 
Reference 
Item 
Rate: 
[specify period] [month] [year] [EURIBOR] [SONIA] 
[SOFR] [€STR] [CMS Rate with a Designated Maturity of 
[insert years]][specify Government Bond Yield Rate][specify 
TEC Rate] [with a Designated Maturity of [insert years]] 
[specify other] 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(c) 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[specify]

--- Page 516 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
516 
 
 
(c) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate 1 minus Reference Item Rate 2][Not 
applicable] 
 
[See paragraph [specify][above][below] 
 
(If a Reference Spread applies for each Interest Period, the 
Reference Spread shall be specified separately for each 
Interest Period.) 
(iv) 
[Coupon Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][or such later date as provided in the Settlement 
Exchange Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] 
(v) 
Range 
Accrual 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[specify] 
[See 
paragraph 
[specify][above][below][Not 
applicable]  
(vi) 
Business Day: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Item R“te only, "Bu”iness Day" means [a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [specify] 
[A TARGET Settlement Day][Reference Rate Business Day 
(as defined in General Condition 4(b)(iv)(2)][a "U.S. 
Government Securities Bu”iness Day", being any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for the purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities.] [specify] 
29. 
EUA Contract Linked Interest 
Provisions:  
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
EUA Contract/EUA 
Contracts/Basket of EUA 
Contracts: 
[specify EUA Contract/EUA Contracts][The [futures] 
contract specified in item (viii) below)] 
[Relevant Registry: [specify]]  
(ii) 
Pricing Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Coupon Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
EUA Contract Reference 
Price: 
[specify] [For example: For any Pricing Date’ that day's 
Specified Price on the [insert] of the EUA Contract][for the 
Delivery Date], [stated in [currency]][per][specify] quantity

--- Page 517 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
517 
 
 
and commodity][, as made public by][specify] on that Pricing 
Date] 
[The Price Source is/are []]27 
(ix) 
EUA 
Contract 
Business 
Day: 
[EUA Contract Linked Condition [1] applies][specify] 
(x) 
Delivery Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Nearby Month:  
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Specified Price: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Exchange: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xiv) 
Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the relevant time 
on [insert relevant date(s)].]/[specify] 
(xv) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify] [EUA Contract Business Days]28 /[As per 
Conditions] 
(xvi) 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket of EUA Contracts is [specify]]/[Not applicable] 
(xvii) 
Rolling Futures Contract 
[Notes]/[Certificates]: 
[Yes/No] 
[Dislocation Event: [Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
Dislocation Level: [specify]/[As per Conditions]] 
(xviii) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
30. 
Bond Linked Interest: 
[Applicable] [in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify] only][Not applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
45 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
Bond: 
[The following Reference Item [(k)] will apply:] [Not 
applicable] [See table [above] [below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant details 
of where investors can obtain information about the 
Bond][(see paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Bond Issuer: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
Bond Nominal Amount: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] (N.B. specify minimum 
denomination of the relevant bond)  
 
27  
 
28

--- Page 518 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
518 
 
 
(iv) 
Bond Maturity Date  
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
Screen Page: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days] [Strike 
Level]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(vii) 
Settlement Price 
[As per Bond Linked Condition 10] [specify] 
(viii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify][See table [above][below]][Insert table][or such later 
date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(ix) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]  
(x) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Any time [on the relevant Coupon Valuation Date][during the 
Coupon Valuation Period] [[specify] 
(xi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(xii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[As per Bond Linked Condition 10] [specify] 
 
31. 
Custom Index Linked Interest: 
[Applicable] [in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify] only][Not applicable] [for 
the purposes of determ“ning the "Rate o” Interest" specified 
in item 16(ix)] (insert where "Rate of Interest - Range 
Accrual" applies under item 16(ix)) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, [not] subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
45 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
[Custom Index][Basket of 
Custom Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table [above] 
[below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant details 
of where investors can obtain information about the Custom 
Index][(see paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Custom Index Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[The relevant Index Sponsor is [specify].] 
[See table [above][below]]

--- Page 519 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
519 
 
 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][See table [above] [below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify][See table [above][below]][Insert table][or such later 
date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions 
set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(vi) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]  
(vii) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant Coupon 
Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation Period] 
[[specify][As per the Custom Index Linked Conditions] 
(viii) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(ix) 
Custom 
Index 
Business 
Day:  
[(All 
Custom 
Indices 
Basis)][(Per 
Custom 
Index 
Basis)][(Single Custom Index Basis)] 
(x) 
Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[All Custom Indices Basis][Per Custom Index Basis][Single 
Custom Index Basis] 
(xi) 
Custom Index Correction 
Period: 
[As set out in Custom Index Linked Condition 7][specify] 
(xii) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled Custom Index Business Days][Not 
applicable] 
(xiii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Custom Index Linked Conditions] 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Component Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Component Borrow] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable]

--- Page 520 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
520 
 
 
 
[The Maximum Component Loan Rate in respect of [specify] 
is [specify]]] (Only applicable if Loss of Component Borrow 
is applicable) 
 
[The Initial Component Loan Rate in respect of [specify] is 
[specify]] (Only applicable if Increased Cost of Component 
Borrow is applicable) 
32. 
Combination Interest: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(Applicable in relation to Interest linked to a combination of 
types of Reference Items) 
 
(If applicable, complete relevant prompts from paragraphs 16 
to 29) 
[PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION [AND PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT 
LINKED] [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES]] 
33. 
[Redemption Basis:] 
[Redemption at [par][specify][(see paragraph [34] [(Final 
Redemption Amount)][and][specify] below)] 
 
(If Reference Item linked Redemption is the redemption basis, 
specify one or more of the following) 
 
[Index Linked Redemption]  
 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
[ETF Linked Redemption] 
[Fund Linked Redemption] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
[Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Redemption] 
[Credit Linked Redemption] 
 
[Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption]  
 
[EUA Contract Linked Redemption] 
[Bond Linked Redemption] 
[Custom Index Linked Redemption] 
[Combination Redemption] 
 
[Instalment] (See paragraph [52] below)  
 
[For purposes of [36] (Automatic Early Redemption) below: 
[Index Linked Redemption] [Equity Linked Redemption] 
[ETF Linked Redemption]. For all other purposes [Index 
Linked Redemption] [Equity Linked Redemption] [ETF 
Linked Redemption] shall apply.] 
(Include if there are different redemption bases for Automatic 
Early Redemption and other purposes)

--- Page 521 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
521 
 
 
 
[and converted into the Settlement Currency by reference to 
the applicable Settlement Exchange Rate] [only in the specific 
circumstances set out in the Final Payout Formula] 
(See paragraph [13] below) 
[subject to Variation of Settlement, (see paragraph [55] 
below)] 
 
[- terms specified under paragraph [specify] will also apply for 
[specify] Linked Redemption unless specified otherwise in 
this paragraph] 
34. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Redemption [at par][specify][Calculation Amount * [specify] 
per cent.][Calculation Amount * [Final Payout] [include Final 
Payout formula from Payout Condition 2.2 and relevant 
definitions from Payout Condition 5] [, subject to [specify][the 
application of the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions[in the 
specified circumstances set out in the Final Payout Formula 
only]]][specify] 
(Definitions relevant for the Final Redemption Amount which 
are already specified under paragraphs 22 to 32 above may 
not be repeated here; however, relevant definitions for the 
Final Redemption Amount which are not already specified in 
paragraphs 22 to 32 above may be copied from paragraphs 
40 to 51 below and, if all the relevant terms are specified here, 
the corresponding paragraph in 36 to 45 below may be 
deleted) 
35. 
[Final Payout:] 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If applicable, insert a Final Payout Formula(e ) from Payout 
Condition 2.2 and relevant definitions from Payout Condition 
5) 
36. 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[In respect of [any][all] Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date[s] [from (i)=[specify] to (i)=[specify]] [for 
[each][the][relevant][any][all] Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Period[s] [from ([i])=[specify] to ([i])=[specify]] 
[,the] AER Value [for [every][any] Reference Item in the 
Basket] is: [greater than][greater than or equal to][less 
than][less than or equal to] the Automatic Early Redemption 
Trigger][within][outside] [the Automatic Early Redemption 
Range] (repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
AER Value:  
[insert relevant value definition and where applicable 
relevant definitions from Payout Condition 5.1 and 5.2] 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[The Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
following 
formula:][specify] 
 
(Insert relevant formula from payout annex)

--- Page 522 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
522 
 
 
(iv) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Trigger: 
[specify][per cent.]][See table [above][below]][Insert table] 
(v) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Range: 
From and [including][excluding][specify range of values, 
percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices 
etc] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] [specify range of values, percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices 
etc][Not 
applicable] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] 
(vi) 
AER Percentage: 
[specify] per cent.][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
 
(insert where ST Automatic Early Redemption applies) 
(vii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify][The date falling [specify] Business Days following 
[each][the] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
[Date][Period] in respect of which an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has occurred] [or such later date for 
payment determined as provided in the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions]] [See table [above][below]] 
(viii) 
AER Additional Rate: 
[AER Rate][Insert relevant provisions from Payout Condition 
5.1][Not applicable] 
 
[AER Rate DCF][Insert relevant provisions from Conditions] 
 
[AER Rate MT][Insert relevant provisions from Conditions] 
[See table [above][below]] 
(ix) 
[(i)] 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Date(s)]: 
[specify] [Each [specify] [Scheduled Trading Day] falling 
within the [relevant] Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period] [See table [above][below]] 
 (repeat as necessary)  
(x) 
[(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period(s)] 
[Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[[from (i)=[specify] to [specify] [Each][The] period from [and 
including][but excluding][specify], to [and including][but 
excluding][specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(xi) 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Time][Observation Time]: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date][during the 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period]  
(specify if different from standard set out in Annex 2, Annex 3 
or Annex 4, as applicable. Otherwise, may be deleted.) 
(xii) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply]

--- Page 523 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
523 
 
 
37. 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount] [In relation to each 
[Note]/[Certificate]][its pro rata share of][specify] [The 
Optional Redemption Amount shall be determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(Insert relevant formula from Payout Annex)] 
 
(Insert relevant Optional Redemption Amount in respect of 
each relevant Optional Redemption Date. These may be set 
out in a table or annexed to the Pricing Supplement) 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [specify] 
 
Maximum period: [specify] 
 
[Not applicable] 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which require 
a minimum of 5 bus’ness days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
38. 
Securityholder Put Option: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] [or such later date for payment determined as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set out 
in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[[specify] 
[per 
Calculation 
Amount][The 
Optional 
Redemption Amount shall be determined in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 524 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
524 
 
 
 
(Insert relevant formula from Payout Annex)] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [specify][Not applicable] 
 
Maximum period: [specify][Not applicable] 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to consider 
the practicalities of distribution of information through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems (which require 
a minimum of 15 bus’ness days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the Agent) 
39. 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable in cases of a Redemption 
for tax reasons (General Condition 
6(b), a Redemption for Illegality 
(General Condition 6(c) [or][,] a 
redemption following an event of 
default (General Condition 9) [or a 
failure to pay a Part Payment 
Amount on the relevant due date 
(General Condition 6(k))]: 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount][As set out in General 
Condition 6(f)]  
40. 
Index Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable][- 
terms 
specified 
under 
paragraph [22 above] will also apply for Index Linked 
Redemption unless specified otherwise in this paragraph [40]] 
[- for purposes of determining if an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has occurred][- for all purposes apart from 
determining if an Automatic Early Redemption Event has 
occurred] 
(i) 
[Index][Basket of Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table below] 
[Insert table]  
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant, details 
of where investors can obtain information about the 
Index](repeat as necessary) 
[The (specify Index) is [not] a [Single-Exchange] [or] [Multi-
Exchange Index] (repeat as necessary)] 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [[specify] [Each such Weighting 
shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the Index 
Linked Conditions]] 
(may be deleted if specified elsewhere in this Pricing 
Supplement) 
(ii) 
[Exchange(s)] 
[Pricing 
Source]: 
and 
Index 
Sponsor]: 
(a) 
[the relevant [Exchange[s]][Pricing Source [s] 
[is][are]specify] 
[there 
are 
no 
relevant 
[Exchanges][Pricing Sources]][specify] ; and 
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [specify]] 
[See table [above][below]]

--- Page 525 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
525 
 
 
(include 
Pricing 
Source 
if 
non 
Multi-
Exchange/Single-Exchange is selected above). 
(iii) 
[Related Exchange][Related 
Pricing Source]: 
[specify][All Exchanges] (specify if different from “All 
Exchanges” standard set out in Annex 2, otherwise may be 
deleted) [Not applicable] [All Related Pricing Sources] 
(include Related Pricing Source if the Index is a non Single-
Exchange or Multi-Exchange Index). 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]]   
(v) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]]  
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply] 
(vii) 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above] [below]]  
(viii) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date][during 
the 
Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify][As per the Index Linked 
Conditions] 
(ix) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above] [below]] 
(x) 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day][Index Business Day]: 
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single Index 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] (include Index Business Day if 
the Index is a non Multi-Exchange/Single-Exchange Index) 
(may be deleted in case of a single Index or in case of a Basket 
of Indices where All Indices Basis applies) 
(xi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)][(Per Index Basis)][(Single Index 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)]  (may be deleted in case of a 
single Index or in case of a Basket of Indices where All Indices 
Basis applies) 
(xii) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(may be deteled if eight applies) 
(xiii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Index Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies)  
(specify if different from standard set out in Annex 2, 
otherwise may be deleted)

--- Page 526 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
526 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Component Borrow]  
 
[Loss of Component Borrow] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Component Loan Rate in respect of [specify] 
is [specify](only applicable if Loss of Component Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
[The Initial Component Loan rate in respect of [specify]] is 
[specify] (N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Component Borrow is applicable) 
41. 
Equity Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph [23 above] 
will also apply for Equity Linked Redemption unless specified 
otherwise in this paragraph [41]] [- for purposes of 
determining if an Automatic Early Redemption Event has 
occurred][- for all purposes apart from determining if an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred] [Not 
applicable] 
(i) 
[Share(s)]/[Basket 
of 
Shares]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [See table [above] [below]] [Insert 
table]] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
(also specify for each Share whether or not “China Connect” 
applies) 
 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [specify] [Each such Weighting 
shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the Equity 
Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]]  (may be deleted if shown 
on the screen page) 
(iii) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]]  
(iv) 
Exchange: 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]] (specify if different from 
standard set out in Annex 3, otherwise may be deleted) 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] (specify if different 
from “All Exchanges” standard set out in Annex 3, otherwise 
may be deleted) 
(vi) 
Depositary 
Receipt 
provisions: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
[For 
Reference 
Item 
k=[specify][and k=[specify]

--- Page 527 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
527 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Details of share: 
[specify name and ISIN code of the share to which the relevant 
Depository Receipts relate] 
(b) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
(vii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
applies 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates].][The 
Averaging 
Dates 
are 
[specify].][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply] 
(ix) 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]]  
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date][during 
the 
Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify][As per the Equity Linked 
Conditions] 
(xi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(xii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] (may be deleted in case of a 
single Share or in case of a Basket of Shares where All Shares 
Basis applies) 
(xiii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)][(Per Share Basis)][(Single Share 
Basis)][(Cross Asset Basis)] (may be deleted in case of a 
single Share or in case of a Basket of Shares where All Shares 
Basis applies) 
(xiv) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable]  
(may be deteled if eight applies) 
(xv) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[As per the Equity Linked Conditions][In addition to De-
Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event and Nationalisation, the 
following 
Extraordinary 
Events 
apply 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]: 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
(specify if different from standard set out in Annex 3, 
otherwise may be deleted) 
[Listing Change] 
[Listing Suspension]

--- Page 528 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
528 
 
 
[Illiquidity] 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
(xvi) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Equity Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]: (specify if different from standard set 
out in Annex 3, otherwise may be deleted) 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow]  
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]] (Only applicable 
if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in relation 
to each relevant Share] is [specify]](Only applicable if 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
42. 
ETF Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph [24 above] 
will also apply for ETF Linked Redemption unless specified 
otherwise in this paragraph [42]] [- for purposes of 
determining if an Automatic Early Redemption Event has 
occurred][- for all purposes apart from determining if an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred] [Not 
applicable] 
(i) 
[ETF(s)]/[Basket of ETFs]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [[specify] [Each such Weighting 
shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the ETF 
Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
ISIN of ETF Share(s): 
[specify]  (may be deleted if shown on the screen page) 
(iii) 
Screen Page: 
[specify]

--- Page 529 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
529 
 
 
(iv) 
Exchange(s):  
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [Not applicable] (specify 
if different from standard set out in Annex 4, otherwise may be 
deleted)  
(v) 
Related Exchange(s):  
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] (specify if different 
from “All Exchanges” standard set out in Annex 4, otherwise 
may be deleted) 
(vi) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable][See table [above][below] 
(vii) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See table [above][below]]  
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply] 
(viii) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/ Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]]  
(ix) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date][during 
the 
Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify][As per ETF Linked Condition 6] 
(x) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][see table above][below]] 
(xi) 
Exchange Business Day:  
[(All ETF Shares Basis)] [(Per ETF Share Basis)] [(Single 
ETF Share Basis)] [(Cross Asset Basis)]] (may be deleted in 
case of a single ETF Share or in case of a Basket of ETF 
Shares where All ETF Shares Basis applies) 
(xii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[[(All ETF Shares Basis)] [(Per ETF Share Basis)] [(Single 
ETF Share Basis)] [(Cross Asset Basis)]] (may be deleted in 
case of a single ETF Share or in case of a Basket of ETF 
Shares where All ETF Shares Basis applies) 
(xiii) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable]  
(may be deleted if eight applies) 
(xiv) 
Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 2(b)] [specify] 
(specify if different from standard set out in Annex 4, 
otherwise may be deleted) 
(xv) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
ETF Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the ETF Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]: (specify if different from standard set 
out in Annex 4, otherwise may be deleted) 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption]

--- Page 530 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
530 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
 
[Failure to Deliver: Not applicable] 
 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in relation 
to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]](Only applicable if 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
43. 
Fund Linked Redemption:  
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph [25 above] 
will also apply for Fund Linked Redemption unless specified 
otherwise in this paragraph [43]] [Not applicable] 
(i) 
Fund(s)/Fund Basket: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [See table [above][below]] [Insert 
table] 
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description][(see 
paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[The NAV per Fund Share will be published on [specify]] 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify]] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Fund Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]][a unit of the relevant 
Fund] 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][See table [above][below] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a [Fund Non-Valuation 
Date][Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply] 
(iv) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][see table above][below]] 
(v) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/ Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]]

--- Page 531 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
531 
 
 
(vi) 
Fund Business Day: 
[specify][(All 
Fund 
Share 
Basis)][(Per 
Fund 
Share 
Basis)][(Single Fund Share Basis)] [As per the Fund Linked 
Conditions] 
(vii) 
Initial Calculation Dates: 
(a) 
Initial Calculation 
Date: 
 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Initial Calculation 
Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(c) 
Initial Calculation 
Days: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable]  
(x) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 1] [specify] 
(a) 
NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
NAV 
Trigger 
Percentage: 
[specify][As per the Fund Linked Condition 6][specify][Not 
applicable] 
(c) 
NAV 
Trigger 
Period: 
[As per the Fund Linked Conditions][specify] 
(d) 
Basket 
Trigger 
Level: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(e) 
Number of NAV 
Publication Days: 
[specify] [As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6][Not 
applicable] 
(xi) 
Additional 
Extraordinary 
Fund Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Fund Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary Fund Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Delayed Payment Cut-off 
Date: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 3][specify][Not 
applicable]  
44. 
Inflation Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph [26 above] 
will also apply for Inflation Linked Redemption unless 
specified otherwise in this paragraph [44]] [Not applicable] 
(i) 
[Index][Indices]: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
(ii) 
Screen 
page/Exchange/CODE: 
[specify]

--- Page 532 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
532 
 
 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fallback Bond][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Reference Month: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Initial Relevant Level: 
[specify][Not applicable] [The Interpolated Relevant Level 
between [specify relevant month] and [specify relevant 
month]]  
(viii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(ix) 
Revision of Index Level: 
[Revision][No Revision] 
(x) 
Interpolation: 
[specify] [Applicable][Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Not applicable][As per the Inflation Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption]  
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]  
 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
45. 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: 
[Applicable: 
(a) 
Credit Linked Interest: [Applicable][Not applicable] 
[in 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]] 
(Specify not applicable for Credit Linked Securities which are 
Zero Coupon Credit Linked Securities or if Interest Amount is 
not subject to Credit provisions and repeat as necessary for 
Long/Short Credit Linked Securities) 
(If Credit Linked Interest is specified as applicable for Single 
Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities, First-to-Default 
Credit Linked Securities, Nth-to-Default Credit Linked 
Securities or Long/Short Credit Linked Securities (in respect 
of which the Long Exposure and/or Short Exposure is a Single 
Reference Entity Exposure, First-to-Default Exposure or Nth-
to-Default Exposure): 
[Accrual of Interest up to Credit Event: [Applicable][Not 
applicable]] 
(b) 
Credit 
Linked 
Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
[in 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short Exposure]]] 
(Specify not applicable for Credit Linked Securities if 
redemption is not subject to Credit provisions)

--- Page 533 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
533 
 
 
[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Type of 
Credit 
Linked 
[Notes]/[Certificates]: 
The [Notes]/[Certificates] are [Single Reference Entity][First-
to-Default] 
[Nth-to-Default] 
Credit 
Linked 
[Notes]/[Certificates] [and the Relevant Number is [specify] 
(for Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities)] [Non-Tranched 
Linear Basket Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates] where 
Credit Payment [on Maturity] [As You Go] applies] 
[Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates]] 
[iTraxx 
Non-Tranched 
Index 
Credit 
Linked 
[Notes]/[Certificates] where Credit Payment [on Maturity] 
[As You Go] applies] [CDX Non-Tranched Index Credit 
Linked [Notes]/[Certificates] where Credit Payment [on 
Maturity] [As You Go] applies] [iTraxx Tranched Index 
Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates]] [CDX Tranched Index 
Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates]] [Basket Tranched Index 
Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates]][Long/Short Credit 
Linked [Notes]/[Certificates]] 
 
(a) 
[Credit Event Amount: [specify amount] (only use 
for Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Index 
Credit Linked Securities to which Credit Payment As 
You Go applies)[As set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions]] 
 
(b) 
[Credit Event Payment Date: [[specify] (if other than 
three) Business Days] [As set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] [or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement Exchange 
Rate Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout 
Conditions] 
((a) and (b) are only applicable for Non-Tranched Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Securities or Non-Tranched Index 
Credit Linked Securities to which Credit Payment As You Go 
applies, otherwise delete (a) and (b)) 
 
(c) 
[Credit Observation End Date [in respect of Long 
Exposure and Short Exposure] [in respect of Basket 
Tranched Index Component k=[ ]]: [specify if 
different from Scheduled Maturity Date]] (For 
Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same 
for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for 
each separately or repeat as necessary for Basket 
Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities)  
 
(d) 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]][in respect of Basket Tranched Index 
Component k=[ ]:] Index Annex: [Markit iTraxx® 
Europe [index name] Series [specify] Version 
[specify]] / [Markit CDX.NA.[IG/HY].[ ] [specify 
sector, if any] [specify series, if any] [specify version, 
if any] 
(Delete this paragraph if the Securities are not Index Credit 
Linked Securities or if the Securities are Long/Short Credit

--- Page 534 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
534 
 
 
Linked Securities and the Long Exposure and the Short 
Exposure do not reference an Index or repeat as necessary for 
Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or 
Long/Short Credit Linked Securities) 
 
(e) 
[In 
respect 
of 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short 
Exposure]][in respect of Basket Tranched Index 
Component k=[ ]:] Annex Date: [specify] 
(Delete this paragraph if the Securities are not Index Credit 
Linked Securities or if the Securities are Long/Short Credit 
Linked Securities and the Long Exposure and the Short 
Exposure do not reference an Index or repeat as necessary for 
Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities or 
Long/Short Credit Linked Securities) 
(f) 
[Credit Event Backstop Date [in respect of Long 
Exposure and Short Exposure] [in respect of Basket 
Tranched Index Component k=[]:]: [specify Credit 
Event Backstop Date][The later to occur of (A) the 
Trade Date and (B) the Credit Event Backstop Date 
as determined pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 
13 and subparagraph (a) or (b) of the defi“ition of 
"Credit Event Bac”stop Date", as applicable.]] [As 
set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] [[60 calendar 
days prior to] [Trade Date][Issue Date]] (For 
Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same 
for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for 
each separately or repeat as necessary for Basket 
Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities) 
(ii) 
Credit Event Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  [As 
set out in Credit Linked Condition 13][Not applicable] 
[specify amount] (only use for zero/set recovery that are not 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Index Credit Linked 
Securities or Long/Short Credit Linked Securities) [Not 
applicable] (specify in case of physically settled securities or 
if Credit Linked Redemption is not applicable)  
(iii) 
Protected Amount: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
[specify amount if applicable (Express as a percentage of the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount)] 
(NB The Protected Amount may be applicable in case of 
Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities, First-to 
Default Credit Linked Securities, Nth-to Default Credit Linked 
Securities, Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities Index 
Credit Linked Securities and Long/Short Credit Linked 
Securities where only part of the Nominal Amount is exposed 
to the relevant Reference Entity/es) (Specify not applicable if 
Credit Linked Redemption is not applicable) 
(iv) 
Unwind Costs: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  
[Applicable: 
[specify]][Standard 
Unwind 
Costs][Not 
applicable] (Specify not applicable if Credit Linked 
Redemption is not applicable or if unwind cost is not to apply 
)

--- Page 535 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
535 
 
 
(v) 
Credit Multiplier: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] [Not 
applicable] [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] [insert 
only if Credit Multiplier is not 1: [specify]](Repeat as 
necessary where different figures apply for interest or 
redemption purposes and/or where it may change in respect 
of different dates)  
(vi) 
[(a)] 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Date: 
[Credit Linked Condition 13 applies][(specify if other than 
three) Business Days] [or such later date for payment 
determined as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]] 
(Delete this line item for Physically Settled Securities or if 
Credit linked Redemption is not applicable) (Apply for Long 
/Short Credit Linked Securities)  
[(b)] 
Maturity 
Credit 
Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]] (Delete this line item (b) for 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities or Index Credit Linked 
Securities or if Credit Linked Redemption is not applicable)]  
(vii) 
Settlement Method: [(see 
further item(s) [(xxviii)] [to] 
[(xlix)] below)] 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  
[Auction Settlement][Cash Settlement][Physical Delivery] 
[Not applicable]: [Zero/Set Recovery [Notes]/[Certificates]] 
[Tranched Linear Basket Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates]] 
[Tranched Index Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates] where 
Zero Recovery is applicable] [Basket Tranched Index Credit 
Linked [Notes]/[Certificates] where Zero Recovery is 
applicable] [in respect of the Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure or where Long Short Exposure and Short Exposure 
comprise a Tranched Linear Basket Exposure] [Not 
applicable] (specify not applicable if Credit Linked 
Redemption is not applicable) (For Long/Short Credit Linked 
Securities, if not the same for Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure, specify for each separately)  
(viii) 
Calculation Agent City: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[specify][As per the Physical Settlement Matrix] (For 
Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same for Long 
Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each separately)  
(ix) 
[Business Day Convention: 
[Following][Modified Following][Preceding] Business Day 
Convention (Insert only where no Business Day Convention 
has been specified already for the Securities, otherwise 
delete.)]  
(x) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[Long Exposure:] [specify] [[Short Exposure: [specify]] [these 
may be set out in the form of a table as by reference to a credit 
derivatives index setting out the applicable names (in which 
circumstances, include the following text and any details of 
the date/version of the referenced credit derivativ“s index: 
"Each Reference Entity comprising the [specify name of 
index] on the [Issue/Trade Date]. No adjustments to the terms 
of the Securities shall be made to reflect subsequent versions 
or reconstitutions of the [specify name ”f index].". All relevant 
items below should be completed in respect of each Reference 
Entity (repeating items where necessary) which may also be 
done by including the Reference Entities and such items in a 
table] [For Index Credit Linked Securities or, in the case of 
Long/Short Credit Linked Securities where the Long Exposure

--- Page 536 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
536 
 
 
and/or Short Exposure references an Index: As defined in 
Credit Linked Condition 13] [and the“relevant "Reference 
Entity”Weighting" shall be [specify] in respect of each 
Reference Entity].(insert only where it is necessary to change 
the weighting specified by the relevant Index)]  
(xi) 
Physical Settlement Matrix: 
[Applicable [in respect of Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure], [for which purpose the Date of the Physical 
Settlement Matrix is [specify]]][Not applicable] [in respect of 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure]] (For Long/Short Credit 
Linked Securities, if not the same for Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure, specify for each separately)  
(xii) 
Transaction Type: 
[Not applicable] 
[Long Exposure:] [specify] [[Short Exposure: [specify]] 
(insert in relation to each Reference Entity if item (xiii) 
applie‘. (e.g.: 'Standard European’Corporate'.)) 
(For Basket Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities insert 
the following for each Index and repeat as necessary) [In 
respect of Basket Tranched Index Component k= [ ]] 
(For iTraxx Index Credit Linked Securities or for Long/Short 
Credit Linked Securities where the Long Exposure and/or 
Short Exposure references the iTraxx Index) [As specified 
opposite the relevant Reference Entity in the Index Annex [for 
the [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]] 
(For CDX Index Credit Linked Securities or for Long/Short 
Credit Linked Securities where the Long Exposure and/or 
Short Exposure references the CDX Index) [[specify] in 
respect 
of 
each 
Reference 
Entity 
[for 
the 
[Long 
Exposure][and][Short Exposure], unless another Transaction 
Type is specified in the Index Annex, in which case the 
Transaction Type will be as specified opposite the relevant 
Reference Entity in the Index Annex]  
(xiii) 
Reference Entity Notional 
Amount: 
[specify in respect of each Reference Entity]][Not applicable] 
[For Index Credit Linked Securities, Single Reference Entity 
Credit Linked Securities and/or where a Credit Multiplier 
applies: As defined in Credit Linked Condition 13] (For Non-
Tranched Index Credit Linked Securities and Non-Tranched 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities which are Instalment 
Securities, then please specify that the RENA will be equal to:) 
[Means in respect of each Reference Entity, (i) the product of 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount and the Credit 
Multiplier (if any) multiplied by (ii) the Reference Entity 
Weighting for such Reference Entity multiplied by (iii) one 
divided by the aggregate of the Reference Entity Weightings 
for all Reference Entities, subject to the provisions of the 
defi“ition of ”Successor".] 
[For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities: Long Exposure: 
[specify 
in 
respect 
of 
each 
Reference 
Entity][Not 
applicable][For a Long Exposure that references an Index: as 
defined in Credit Linked Condition 13]

--- Page 537 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
537 
 
 
[Short Exposure: [specify in respect of each Reference 
Entity][Not applicable][For a Short Exposure that references 
an Index: as defined in Credit Linked Condition 13]  
(xiv) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
(Where either (a) Standard Reference Obligation is not 
applicable or (b) Standard Reference Obligation is applicable 
but there is no Standard Reference Obligation when the Final 
Terms are signed, insert one of the following:) (For 
Long/Short Credit Linked Securities where the Long Exposure 
and/or Short Exposure does not reference an Index insert the 
following in respect of the Long Exposure and/or Short 
Exposure as the case may be. Repeat if neither Long Exposure 
nor Short Exposure references an Index.) 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[If no initial Reference Obligation is to be specified, insert: 
Initially none, subject to the Calcula’ion Agent's ability to 
select and/or replace the Reference Obligation from time to 
time in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 13.] 
OR 
[If the initial Reference Obligation is to be specified: Initially 
the [insert if the guarantee is the Reference Obligation: 
guarantee of the] [select: [bond][loan][other obligation]] 
specified below: 
(a) 
Primary Obligor: [specify] 
(b) 
Guarantor: [specify] 
(c) 
Maturity: [specify] 
(d) 
Coupon: [specify] 
(e) 
CUSIP/ISIN: [specify].] 
Standard Reference Obligation: [Applicable][Not applicable] 
Seniority Level: [Senior Level][Subordinated Level][As set 
out in Credit Linked Condition 13]] 
The Calculation Agent has the ability to select and/or replace 
the Reference Obligation from time to time in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 13.] 
(Where Standard Reference Obligation is applicable and 
there is a Standard Reference Obligation when the Final 
Terms are signed, insert:) 
[Standard Reference Obligation: Applicable 
Seniority Level: [Senior Level][Subordinated Level][As set 
out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
[For Index Credit Linked Securities or Long/Short Credit 
Linked Securities where the Long Exposure and/or Short

--- Page 538 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
538 
 
 
Exposure references an Index, insert:[Long Exposure]: As set 
out in Credit Linked Condition 13.] [Short Exposure: As set 
out in Credit Linked Condition 13.] 
(xv) 
All Guarantees: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  [As 
per 
the 
Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix][Applicable][Not 
applicable] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately) 
(xvi) 
Credit Events: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] [As 
per the Physical Settlement Matrix] (if Physical Settlement 
Matrix applies, delete remainder of this paragraph, other than 
Restructuring if such Credit Event is applicable) 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace Period Extension] [Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
[If applicable: Grace Period: [specify][As set out in Credit 
Linked Condition 13]] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
[If Restructuring is app‘icabl’: ['Mod R' is: [Applicable][Not 
Appl‘cable]] [’Mod Mod R' is: [Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit Event: Credit 
Linked Condition 14: [Not applicable] (only include where the 
intention is to disapply Credit Linked Condition 14, otherwise 
delete line item) 
 
[Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation: Credit 
Linked Condition 15: [Applicable][Not applicable]] 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately) 
(a) 
Default 
Requirement: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately)

--- Page 539 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
539 
 
 
(b) 
Payment 
Requirement: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately)  
(xvii) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
 [In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
 
Public Source(s): [specify][As set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 13] 
 
Specified Number: 
[specify]][As set out in Credit 
Linked Condition 13] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the same for 
Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately) 
(xviii) 
Obligation(s): 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  
(a) 
Obligation 
Category: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:][As per 
the Physical Settlement Matrix][Payment] [Borrowed Money] 
[Reference Obligation Only] [Bond] [Loan] [Bond or Loan] 
(select one only) 
(b) 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] [As 
per the Physical Settlement Matrix][Not Subordinated] 
[Credit 
Linked 
Specified 
Currency: 
[specify 
currency/Standard Specified Currency] [Not Sovereign 
Lender] [Not Domestic Currency[: [specify currency]] [Not 
Domestic Law] [Listed] [Not Domestic Issuance] [Domestic 
Currency: [As set out in the Credit Linked Conditions][Not 
applicable][specify]] 
(select all of which apply) (For Long/Short Credit Linked 
Securities, if not the same for Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure, specify for each separately) 
(xix) 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xx) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:] 
[specify][Not applicable]  
(xxi) 
Merger Event: 
Credit Linked Condition 12: [Applicable][Not applicable] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, same must apply to 
both) 
[If applicable: [Merger Event Redemption Date:[specify]] 
 
[Merger Event Redemption Amount: [specify]]

--- Page 540 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
540 
 
 
(xxii) 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Monoline Insurer Reference 
Entities: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  
[Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
16: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable]][Credit Linked Condition 20 is Applicable][As 
per the Physical Settlement Matrix] (For Long/Short Credit 
Linked Securities, if not the same for Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure, specify for each separately)  
(xxiii) 
Provisions relating to LPN 
Reference Entities: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  
[Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
18: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable]][Credit Linked Condition 20 is Applicable][As 
per the Physical Settlement Matrix] (For Long/Short Credit 
Linked Securities, if not the same for Long Exposure and Short 
Exposure, specify for each separately)  
(xxiv) 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance Terms: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  
[Applicable][Not applicable] [as per the Physical Settlement 
Matrix] (For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the 
same for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately)  
(xxv) 
Financial Reference Entity 
Terms: 
[In respect of [Long Exposure][and][Short Exposure]:]  
[Applicable][Not applicable] [as per the Physical Settlement 
Matrix] (For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities, if not the 
same for Long Exposure and Short Exposure, specify for each 
separately)  
Terms relating to Cash Settlement: 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable 
as Settlement Method or Fallback Settlement 
Method) (For Long/Short Credit Linked 
Securities repeat as necessary if different) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
(xxvi) 
Valuation Date: 
[Single Valuation Date: [As per Credit Linked Condition 13] 
[[specify] Business Days] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: [specify] Business Days; and each 
[specify] Business Days thereafter; Number of Valuation 
Dates: [specify]] 
(xxvii) Valuation Time: 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 13] 
(xxviii) Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(xxix) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market][As per Credit Linked Condition 
13]  
(xxx) 
Quotation Amount: 
[specify][Representative Amount][Credit Linked Conditions 
apply]  
(xxxi) 
Minimum 
Quotation 
Amount: 
[specify] [As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
(xxxii) Quotation Dealers: 
[specify][As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
(xxxiii) Quotations: 
[Include Accrued Interest][Exclude Accrued Interest]

--- Page 541 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
541 
 
 
(xxxiv) Valuation Method: 
[Market][Highest] 
[Average Market][Average Highest] 
 
[Blended Market][Blended Highest] 
 
[As set out in Credit Linked Condition 13] 
Additional 
terms 
relating 
to 
Auction 
Settlement 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable 
as Settlement Method) (For Long/Short Credit 
Linked Securities repeat as necessary if 
different) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
(xxxv) Fallback 
Settlement 
Method: 
[Cash Settlement][Physical Delivery]  
Terms relating to Physical Delivery 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable 
as Settlement Method or Fallback Settlement 
Method but note may be needed for Auction 
elections in which case do not delete) 
 
(xxxvi) Physical Settlement Period: 
[[specify] Business Days][Not applicable][As per Physical 
Settlement Matrix]  
(xxxvii) Accrued 
Interest 
on 
Entitlement: 
[Include Accrued Interest][Exclude Accrued Interest][Not 
applicable]  
(xxxviii) Settlement Currency: 
[specify][Not applicable][As set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 13] 
(xxxix) Deliverable Obligations: 
 
(a) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment] [Borrowed Money] [Reference Obligation Only] 
[Bond] [Loan] [Bond or Loan][As per the Physical Settlement 
Matrix][Not applicable] 
(select one only) 
(b) 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated][Credit Linked Specified Currency: 
[specify 
currency/Standard 
Specified 
Currency] 
[Not 
Sovereign Lender] [Not Domestic Currency: [As set out in 
Credit Linked Condition 13]] [Not Domestic Law] [Not 
Domestic Issuance] [Assignable Loan] [Consent Required 
Loan] [Direct Loan Participation] [Qualifying Participation 
Seller: [insert]] [Transferable] [Listed] [specify]] [Maximum 
Maturity: [specify ] years] [Accelerated or Matured] [Not 
Bearer][As per the Physical Settlement Matrix] [Not 
applicable] [Domestic Currency: [As set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 13] [Not Applicable][Specify]

--- Page 542 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
542 
 
 
(xl) 
Sovereign 
No 
Asset 
Package Delivery: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [As per Physical Settlement 
Matrix]  
(xli) 
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(a) 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable]  
(b) 
Indicative 
Quotations: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(xlii) 
Reference Obligation Only 
Termination Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(To be specified for the purposes of Credit Linked Condition 
21 for Reference Obligation Only Securities relating to a 
single Reference Entity issued pursuant to Annex 8.)  
Terms 
relating 
to 
Zero/Set 
Recovery 
[Notes]/[Certificates] 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
(xliii) 
Set/Zero Recovery Price: 
[Insert percentage in relation to each Reference Entity, which 
may be zero] 
[Terms relating to Tranched Linear Basket 
Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates]] [Terms 
related to Tranched Linear Basket Exposure] 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
(xliv) 
H: 
[Insert number of Reference Entities that are equal to the 
higher tranche level]  
(xlv) 
L: 
[Insert number of Reference Entities that are equal to the 
lower tranche level] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities 
where the Long Exposure and/or Short 
Exposure references a Tranched Linear Basket 
Exposure, repeat as necessary) 
 
[Terms relating to Tranched Index Credit 
Linked [Notes]/[Certificates] [Terms related 
to Tranched Index Exposure]: 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
(xlvi) 
Attachment Point: 
[specify]

--- Page 543 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
543 
 
 
(xlvii) 
Exhaustion Point: 
[specify]  
(xlviii) Determination of Aggregate 
Loss Percentage: 
[Zero Recovery][FP Recovery] 
(For 
Long/Short 
Credit 
Linked 
Securitieswhere the Long Exposure and/or 
Short Exposure references a Tranched Index 
Exposure, repeat as necessary) 
 
[Terms relating to Basket Tranched Index 
Credit Linked [Notes]/[Certificates]] [Terms 
related to Basket Tranched Index Exposure]: 
(Repeat in respect of each Basket Tranched 
Index Component or use Basket Tranched 
Index Component Numbering as appropriate) 
(delete section and renumber if not applicable) 
[[Long][Short] Exposure:] 
 
(xlix) 
Basket 
Tranched 
Index 
Components: 
The following Basket Tranched Index Component(s) [(k)] 
(from [k] = 1 to [[k]=[specify]) will apply: 
For [k]=1] Index:[specify] 
 
For [k]=[specify] Index:[specify] 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(See paragraphs 44(i)(d) and Error! Unknown switch 
argument.) 
(l) 
Attachment Point: 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=1:[specify] 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=[specify]: 
[specify] 
(li) 
Exhaustion Point: 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=1:[specify] 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=[specify]: 
[specify] 
(lii) 
Component Weighting: 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=1:[specify] 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=[specify]: 
[specify] 
(liii) 
Determination of Aggregate 
Loss Percentage: 
For Basket Tranched Index Component [k]=[ ][Zero 
Recovery][FP Recovery] 
(For Long/Short Credit Linked Securities 
where the Long Exposure and/or Short 
Exposure references a Basket Tranched Index 
Exposure, repeat as necessary)

--- Page 544 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
544 
 
 
Terms relating to Long/Short Credit Linked 
[Notes]/[Certificates]: 
 
(liv) 
Long Exposure: 
[specify] [Single Reference Entity Exposure] [First-to-Default 
Exposure] [Nth-to-Default Exposure] [Non-Tranched Linear 
Basket Exposure] [Non-Tranched Index Exposure] [Tranched 
Linear Basket Exposure] [Tranched Index Exposure] or 
[Basket Tranched Index Exposure] 
(lv) 
Short Exposure: 
[specify] [Single Reference Entity Exposure] [First-to-Default 
Exposure] [Nth-to-Default Exposure] [Non-Tranched Linear 
Basket Exposure] [Non-Tranched Index Exposure] [Tranched 
Linear Basket Exposure] [Tranched Index Exposure] or 
[Basket Tranched Index Exposure]  
(lvi) 
Long Nominal Exposure 
Percentage: 
[specify] 
(lvii) 
Short Nominal Exposure 
Percentage 
[specify] 
(lviii) 
LLM: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(lix) 
SLM: 
[specify] [Not applicable]  
(lx) 
[Determination 
of 
Aggregate 
Loss 
Percentage:] 
[[Zero Recovery][FP Recovery]] (Delete if Long Exposure or 
Short Exposure is neither Tranched Index Exposure nor 
Basket Tranched Index Exposure) 
46. 
Foreign 
Exchange 
(FX) 
Rate 
Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph [27 above] 
will also apply for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Redemption unless specified otherwise in this paragraph [46]] 
[Not applicable] 
(In respect of Credit Linked Securities) [, subject to the 
provisions 
of 
paragraph 
[45] 
Credit 
Linked 
Interest/Redemption: and the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] 
(ii) 
Subject 
Currency/Currencies: 
[specify][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] [and EM Foreign 
Exchange Rate Provisions apply to such Subject Currency] 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
[See paragraph [specify] above][see table below] 
(v) 
[Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)][Redemption 
Valuation Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table above]

--- Page 545 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
545 
 
 
(vii) 
Provisions applicable where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Provisions do not 
apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to which 
these provisions apply where there is a Basket]]][Not 
applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Not applicable] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where Non-EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different Disruption Events (or 
components thereof) also apply thereto) 
(e) 
[Specified 
Maximum Days of 
Disruption:]  
[specify][Five][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Provisions applicable where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to which 
these provisions apply where there is a Basket]][Not 
applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
determining 
the 
Settlement Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security Condition 6 
[and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where more than 
one Subject Currency]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
(b) 
EM 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption]

--- Page 546 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
546 
 
 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] per 
cent. 
EM Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined as 
set out in the definition of Settlement Price] 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First Fallback 
Reference 
Price 
[and]][EM 
Second 
Fallback 
Reference Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Events (or components thereof) also apply thereto) 
(c) 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply thereto) 
(d) 
EM 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than

--- Page 547 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
547 
 
 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply thereto) 
(e) 
Cumulative 
Events: 
[Not applicable][Applicable and EM Maximum Cumulative 
Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more than 
one such Subject Currency and different EM Disruption 
Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply thereto) 
(f) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify 
other] 
[Business 
Days] 
[where 
Settlement Day Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][ Settlement Days] [specify] 
(ix) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Conditions] [The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the [Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[[Hedging Disruption] [Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 [Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(insert where Change in Law does not apply)  
(x) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
47. 
Reference 
Item 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph [28 above] 
will also apply for Reference Item Rate Linked Redemption 
unless specified otherwise in this paragraph [47]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Security Provisions shall apply 
for the purpose of determining the Reference Item Rate on the 
basis of elections in this paragraph.] 
(If more than one Reference Rate is to be determined, include 
the followi“g language: "Reference Rate [specify] i” as 
follows:" and repeat items (i) to (vi) below for each such 
Reference Item Rate) 
(i) 
Screen-Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(a) 
Reference 
Item 
Rate: 
[specify period][month][year][EURIBOR] [SONIA] [SOFR] 
[€STR] [CMS Rate with a Designated Maturity of [insert 
years]][specify Government Bond Yield Rate][specify TEC 
Rate][ with a Designated Maturity of [insert years]] 
(b) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
(e.g. the second day on which the T2 System is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR). Where the Rate

--- Page 548 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
548 
 
 
of Interest is being used other than for a Floating Rate 
Security, ensure that this is not specified in respect of an 
Interest Period and the relevant Range Accrual Day may be 
specified where relevant for Range Accrual Securities  
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
(d) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify] 
(In the case of EURIBOR if not Reuters EURIBOR01) ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option:  
[specify] 
(c) 
Designated 
Maturity:  
[specify] 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate 1 minus Reference Item Rate 2 [Not 
applicable] 
[See paragraph [specify][above][below] 
(iv) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable]  
(v) 
Range 
Accrual 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[specify][See paragraph [specify][above][below] 
(vi) 
Business Days: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Ite“ Rate only, ”Business Day" means [a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [specify] 
[A TARGET Settlement Day][Reference Rate Business Day 
(as defined in General Condition 4(b)(iv)(2)][a "U.S. 
Government Securities”Business Day", being any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for the purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities.] [specify] 
48. 
EUA 
Contract 
Linked 
[Interest][/Redemption]: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(i) 
EUA Contract/EUA 
Contracts/Basket of EUA 
Contracts: 
[specify EUA Contract/EUA Contracts][The [futures] 
contract specified in item (viii) below)]

--- Page 549 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
549 
 
 
[Relevant Registry: [specify]]  
(ii) 
Pricing Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] [EUA Contract Linked Condition 7 
applies] 
(v) 
[Redemption 
Valuation 
Date:] 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
Date(s):] 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
(viii) 
EUA Contract Reference 
Price: 
[specify] [For example: For any Pricing D’te, that day's 
Specified Price on the [insert] of the EUA Contract][for the 
Delivery Date], [stated in [currency]][per][specify] quantity 
and commodity][, as made public by][specify] on that Pricing 
Date] 
[The Price Source is/are []]29 
(ix) 
EUA 
Contract 
Business 
Day: 
[EUA Contract Linked Condition [1] applies][specify] 
(x) 
Delivery Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Nearby Month:  
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Specified Price: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Exchange: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xiv) 
Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the relevant time 
on [insert relevant date(s)].]/[specify] 
(xv) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify] [[specify] EUA Contract Business Days]30 /[As per 
Conditions] 
(xvi) 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket of EUA Contracts is [specify]]/[Not applicable] 
(xvii) 
Rolling Futures Contract 
[Notes]/[Certificates]: 
[Yes/No] 
[Dislocation Event: [Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
Dislocation Level: [specify]/[As per Conditions]] 
(xviii) 
Futures 
Rollover 
[Date/Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xix) 
EUA 
Contract 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
29  
Delete if using automated EUA Contract Reference Prices 
30  
[Only applicable in respect of EUA contract linked notes linked to a single EUA contract]

--- Page 550 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
550 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
The EUA Contract Early Redemption Amount per Calculation 
Amount will be [determined in accordance with EUA 
Contract Linked Condition 7]/[insert amount] 
[EUA Contract 1: [specify relevant EUA forward contract]  
Strike Price in respect of EUA Contract 1: [specify price if 
known for purposes of F0 or otherwise delete if the fall back 
provisions of F0 are to apply]EUA Contract 2: [specify 
relevant EUA spot contract ]]Strike Price in respect of EUA 
Contract 2: [specify price if known for purposes of S0 or 
otherwise delete if the fall back provisions of S0 are to apply] 
49. 
Bond Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][- terms specified under paragraph 30 above will 
also apply for Bond Linked Redemption unless specified 
otherwise in this paragraph 49] [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph. If the relevant item from the sub-paragraphs 
below has already been specified under paragraph 30 above, 
delete the corresponding sub-pagraph of this paragraph)  
(i) 
Bond: 
[The following Reference Item [(k)] will apply:] [Not 
applicable] [See table [above] [below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant details 
of where investors can obtain information about the 
Bond][(see paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Bond Issuer: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
Bond Nominal Amount: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] (N.B. specify minimum 
denomination of the relevant bond) 
(iv) 
Bond Maturity Date: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
Screen Page:  
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days] [Strike 
Level]:  
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(vii) 
Settlement Price: 
[As per Bond Linked Condition 10] [specify] 
(viii) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]]  
(ix) 
Valuation Time:  
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date][during 
the 
Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify [As per the Bond Linked 
Conditions] 
(x) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above] [below]]

--- Page 551 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
551 
 
 
(xi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[As per Bond Linked Condition 10] 
50. 
Custom Index Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][- terms specified under paragraph 31 above will 
also apply for Custom Index Linked Redemption unless 
specified otherwise in this paragraph 50] [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph. If the relevant item from the sub-paragraphs 
below has already been specified under paragraph 31 above, 
delete the corresponding sub-pagraph of this paragraph)  
(i) 
[Custom Index][Basket of 
Custom Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table below] 
[Insert table]  
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant, details 
of where investors can obtain information about the Custom 
Index](repeat as necessary) 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [[specify] [Each such Weighting 
shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the Custom 
Index Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[The relevant Index Sponsor is [specify]] 
[See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period 
and Strike Days]:  
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days in 
the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Averaging:  
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. 
[The 
Averaging 
Dates 
are 
[specify].][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply] 
(v) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]]  
(vi) 
Valuation Time:  
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date][during 
the 
Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify [As per the Custom Index Linked 
Conditions] 
(vii) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above] [below]] 
(viii) 
Custom 
Index 
Business 
Day: 
[(All 
Custom 
Indices 
Basis)][(Per 
Custom 
Index 
Basis)][(Single Custom Index Basis)] 
(ix) 
Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[(All 
Custom 
Indices 
Basis)][(Per 
Custom 
Index 
Basis)][(Single Custom Index Basis)] 
(x) 
Custom Index Correction 
Period: 
[As set out in Custom Index Linked Condition 7][specify]

--- Page 552 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
552 
 
 
(xi) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption:  
[specify][eight][Scheduled Custom Index Business Days][Not 
applicable] 
(xii) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events:  
[Not applicable][As per the Custom Index Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the [Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies)  
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Component Borrow]  
 
[Loss of Component Borrow] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Component Loan Rate in respect of [specify] 
is [specify] (only applicable if Loss of Component Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
[The Initial Component Loan rate in respect of [specify] is 
[specify]] (N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Component Borrow is applicable) 
51. 
Combination Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph 
[32 above] will also apply for Combination 
Redemption unless specified otherwise in this 
paragraph [51]] [Not applicable] 
 
(Applicable in relation to Reference Item 
Securities linked to a combination of types of 
Reference Items) 
 
(If applicable, complete relevant prompts from 
paragraphs [40] to [50 above]) 
52. 
Provisions applicable to Instalment 
[Notes]/[Certificates]: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(i) 
Instalment Amounts: 
[specify] [per Calculation Amount] 
[(a) Calculation Amount * Instalment Factor * 
Instalment Payout] 
(b) 
[Instalment 
Payout: 
Insert 
relevant 
redemption formula from pIut annex] 
(c) [Instalment Factor: means [specify]] 
[The Credit Linked Conditions are [not] 
applicable to the [first, second, etc] Instalment 
Amount(s)][Note: include where the Securities 
are Credit Linked Instalment Securities but

--- Page 553 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
553 
 
 
where the Instalment Amounts are not subject 
to the Credit Linked provisions] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Instalment Dates: 
[specify] 
53. 
Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery: 
[Applicable][in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions and paragraph 45 above] [where the 
Issuer has exercised its option to vary 
settlement pursuant to the application of 
Variation of Settlement per paragraph 55 
below][Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable or the Securities are Credit 
Linked Securities to which Credit Linked 
Redemption is applicable, delete (i) this 
paragraph in its entirety and change the 
numbering accordingly “r (ii) specify”"Not 
applicable" 
and 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
(i) 
[Conversion Ratio: 
[[Calculation 
Amount][Specified 
Denomination]/(Nominal Amount of the Bond 
* Strike Level [* FX])][specify] 
(specify for Bond Linked Securities where 
Physical Settlement is applicable) 
(ii) 
Entitlement Amount: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other 
related definitions from Payout Condition 4][A 
nominal amount of the Relevant Asset equal to 
[specify]] [An amount per Calculation Amount 
equal to [specify]] 
(iii) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[specify] [The Bond as set out in item [specify] 
above] 
(for 
bonds, 
include 
the 
following 
as 
applicable:) 
[ISIN: [specify]] 
[Issuer: [specify]] 
[Maturity: [specify]] 
[Coupon: [specify]] 
(iv) 
Unwind Costs: 
[Applicable:[specify]][Standard 
Unwind 
Costs][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Cut-off Date: 
[specify][As specified in General Condition 
5(b)] [Not applicable] (delete if no Asset 
Transfer Notice pursuant to General Condition 
5(b)) 
(vi) 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[specify] (may be deleted if business day for the 
Relevant Asset shall apply)

--- Page 554 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
554 
 
 
(vii) 
Delivery Agent: 
[Banco 
Bilbao 
Vizcaya 
Argentaria, 
S.A.][Dealer][specify] of [specify address] 
(viii) 
Assessed Value Payment 
Amount: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
54. 
Provisions applicable to Partly 
Paid [Notes]/[Certificates]: 
[Applicable in accordance with General 
Condition 6(k)]  [Not applicable] 
[(The [Notes]/[Certificates] will be subscribed 
at the Part Payment Amount(s) and on the Part 
Payment Date(s) specified in paragraph 4 above 
to the account specified to the Securityholders 
for such purpose by the Paying Agent on behalf 
of the Issuer. Securityholders shall make 
available to the Paying Agent the funds [Five] 
Business Days prior to the dates specified in 
paragraph 4 above.)] 
(Applicable in relation to Partly Paid 
Securities) 
55. 
Variation of Settlement: 
[The Issuer has the option to vary settlement in 
respect of the [Notes]/[Certificates] as set out in 
General Condition 5(b)(ii) [The minimum 
period of notice is [specify]][and][the maximum 
period of notice is [specify]][Not applicable] 
56. 
Payment Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
57. 
Renminbi Currency Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
58. 
Form of [Notes]/[Certificates]: 
[Bearer [Notes]/[Certificates]: 
 
[Temporary 
Bearer 
Global 
Security 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Security which is exchangeable for definitive 
Bearer [Notes]/[Certifica’es] [on 60 days' 
notice given at any time/only upon an Exchange 
Event [including/excluding] the exchange event 
described in paragraph (iii) of the definition in 
the Permanent Global Security]]31 
 
[Temporary Global Security exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer [Notes]/[Certificates] on and 
after the Exchange Date]32 
 
[Permanent 
Bearer 
Global 
Security 
exchangeable 
for 
definitive 
Bearer 
 
31  
In relation to any Tranche of Securities which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples 
of EUR 1,000 the Global Security will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder. 
32  
In relation to any Tranche of Securities which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples 
of EUR 1,000 the Global Security will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder.

--- Page 555 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
555 
 
 
[Notes]/[Certifica’es] [on 60 days' notice given 
at any time/only upon an Exchange Event 
[including/excluding] the exchange event 
described in paragraph (iii) of the definition in 
the Permanent Global Security]]]33 
 
[Registered [Notes]/[Certificates]: 
 
[Regulation S Global Security [specify nominal 
amount] registered in the name of a nominee for 
[DTC/ a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/ 
a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS))]] [Rule 144A 
Global Security [specify nominal amount] 
registered in the name of a nominee for DTC/ a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/ 
a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure (NSS)))][Definitive IAI 
Registered 
[Notes]/[Certificates] 
[specify 
nominal 
amounts]][Registered 
[Notes]/[Certificates] 
in 
definitive 
form 
[specify nominal amounts]]][3(a)(2) Global 
Security [specify nominal amount] registered in 
the name of a nominee for [DTC/ a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/ a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that 
is, held under the New Safekeeping Structure 
(NSS))]] 
[CREST Depository Instruments: 
CREST 
Deposi“ory 
Interests 
("CREST 
Depo”itory 
Interests") 
representing 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] may also be issued in 
accordance with the usual procedures of 
Euroclear 
UK 
& 
Interna“ional”Limited 
("CREST").] 
59. 
New Global [Note][Certificate]:34 
[Yes][No] (delete in case of registered 
Notes/Certificates) 
60. 
[Governing law:] 
[specify governing law of the Securities and 
details on applicable jurisdiction] (Note that 
this paragraph 60 should only be included in 
the Pricing Supplement if English law is not 
applicable.] 
61. 
(i) 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s): 
[Not applicable][give details] (Note that this 
paragraph relates to the place of payment and 
not interest period end dates. All relevant 
 
33  
In relation to any Tranche of Securities which are expressed to be issued in denominations of EUR100,000 and integral multiples 
of EUR 1,000 the Global Security will not be exchangeable at the option of the holder. 
34  
You should only elect "yes" opposite "New Global Security" if you have elected "yes" to the section in Part B under the heading 
"Operational Information" entitled "Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility" and the securities 
are issued in bearer form.

--- Page 556 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
556 
 
 
financial centre(s) (including the location of the 
relevant agent(s)) should be included other than 
Target) 
 
(ii) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[Not applicable] [specify]  
62. 
Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to definitive 
[Notes]/[Certificates] (and dates on 
which such Talons mature): 
[Yes as the [Notes]/[Certificates] have more 
than 27 Coupon payments, Talons may be 
required if, on exchange into definitive form, 
more than 27 Coupons are still to be made][Not 
applicable] 
63. 
Redenomination, renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
[Not applicable][The provisions in General 
Condition 8 apply] 
[Only applicable for Securities denominated in 
European currency except for Euro] 
64. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do“not cons”itute 
"pack“ged" products,”"Not applicable" should 
be specified. If the Securities“may cons”itute 
"packaged" products and no KID will be 
prepa“ed in the ”EA, "Applicable" should be 
specified) 
65. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If the Securities clearly do“not cons”itute 
"packaged" products or the Securitie“ do 
cons”itute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prep“red in the 
UK,”"Not applicable" should be specified. If 
the Securities“may cons”itute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will 
be prep“red in the”UK, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
66. 
Sales outside EEA and UK only: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
67. 
[Additional Selling Restrictions]35  
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] are not intended to 
be offered, distributed or otherwise made 
available to any investor classified as retail 
investor 
in 
the 
jurisdiction 
where 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] are to be offered or 
otherwise made available][give details] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By: 
______________________________ 
By: 
______________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Du–y authorised 
 
35  
Delete if there a no Additional Selling Restrictions

--- Page 557 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
557 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
 
[Application [has been made][will be made] [by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf)] for the [Notes]/[Certificates] to be listed 
and admitted to trading on [the official list of] [Vienna MTF 
of the Vienna Stock Exchange] [the Nordic MTF [Sweden] 
[Finland] [Norway] [Denmark] of the Nordic Growth Market 
(NGM)] [specify other] [and] [admitted to trading on [Vienna 
MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange] [the Nordic MTF 
[Sweden] [Finland] [Norway] [Denmark] of the Nordic 
Growth Market (NGM)] [specify other] with effect from [the 
Issue Date] [specify other]].(insert specific language 
required by Stock Exchange/Listing Authority) 
2. 
Ratings 
[Not applicable] 
Ratings: 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] have not been rated.] 
 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] to be issued [[have been][are 
expected to be]] rated:] 
 
[S&P Global:*[sp’cify]] 
 
[Moody's:*[specify]] 
 
[Other*]: [specify] 
 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
(Description of any interest, including conflicting interest, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. This may be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement:) 
(i) 
Save for any fee paid to the Dealer (if applicable, such fee shall be as set out in paragraph 4 
below) [and/or any fee or other inducement paid to the distributor (if any)], so far as the 
Issuer is aware no person involved in the offer of the [Notes]/[Certificates] has an interest 
material to the offer. [For specific and detailed information on the nature and quantity of the 
fee or inducement paid to the distributor (if any) the investor should contact the distributor.] 
(ii) 
Dealer commission [specify]/[No] 
4. 
[Reasons for the Offer, ] 36 Estimated Net Proceeds  
(i) 
[Reasons for “he Offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus] 
[The 
Securities 
are 
[Green 
Securities][Social 
Securities][Sustainable Securities] and the net proceeds 
from the issuance of the Securities are intended “o be ”sed 
for 
["”reen"/”and/or]/"s”cial"/[and/or]”"sustainability"] 
purposes as d“scribed in the "Use of Proceeds" section of 
this Base Prospectus.] [The net proceeds of the issue of the 
Securities will be used by the Guarantor to finance and/or 
 
36  
Delete in case the Reason for the Offer are not to be "green", "social" or "sustainability" purposes, or for the "maintenance of a 
Sustainable Portfolio".

--- Page 558 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
558 
 
 
refinance, in part or in full, new and/or existing [description 
of the relevant project to be inserted]. [ ]] 37 
[Any delay or failure by the Issuer or Guarantor in 
allocating or dealing with net proceeds of the Securities or 
otherwise performing as “escribed under "Use of Proceeds" 
in the Base Prospectus and Part B of these Issue Terms will 
not constitute an Event of Default under the Securities and 
will not give rise to any other claim of a holder of the 
Securities] 
[⚫] (Specify if reasons for offer is different from what is 
disclosed in the Base Prospectus) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds  
[specify] 
5. 
Operational Information 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
CUSIP: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Other Code(s): 
[specify][Not applicable]  
(a) 
[Valoren Code: 
[specify][Not applicable]] 
(b) 
[CFI:38 
[specify][Not applicable]] 
(c) 
[FISN: 
[specify][Not applicable]] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg and the DTC 
approved by the Issuer and 
the Principal Paying Agent 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not applicable][give name(s)][The [Notes]/[Certificates] 
will also be eligible for CREST via the issue of CREST 
Depository Interests representing the [Notes]/[Certificates]] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
[Delivery [against][free of] payment] 
(vii) 
[Additional Paying Agent(s)] 
[U.S. Paying Agent](if any): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes. Note that “he ”esignation "yes" simply means that the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as Common Safekeeper [, 
and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as Common Safekeeper,] [include this text for 
registered Securities] and does not necessarily mean that the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
37  
Delete as appropriate.  
38  
Only to be included if required by the relevant stock exchange for reference data reporting purposes.

--- Page 559 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
559 
 
 
 
[No.][Whilst the designation “s ”pecified as "no" at the date 
of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] are capable of meeting them the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered in the name 
of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered securities]. Note 
that 
this 
does 
not 
necessarily 
mean 
that 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been “et.”] 
 
(NB if "yes" selected the bearer Securities must be issued in 
NGS form) 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
6.1 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated] (if non-syndicated delete 
paragraph 6.2] 
6.2 
(i) 
If syndicated, names 
[and addresses] of 
Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments/quota
s (material features): 
[Not applicable][give names [and addresses] of each entity 
acting as underwriter [and its respective underwriting 
commitments]] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm com“itment or on”a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers. Where not 
all of the issue is underwritten, please include information 
about portion not covered) 
(ii) 
Date/Description of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[insert details][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable][give name] 
6.3 
If non-syndicated, name [and 
address] of relevant Dealer: 
[Not applicable][give name [and address]] 
 
[No underwriting commitment is undertaken by the 
Distributor.] 
[U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] are only for offer and sale 
outside the United States in offshore transactions to persons 
that are not U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under 
the Securities Act and may not be offered, sold, transferred, 
pledged, delivered, redeemed, directly or indirectly, at any 
time within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, or by, any U.S. person.

--- Page 560 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
560 
 
 
 
Each initial purchaser of the [Notes]/[Certificates] and each 
subsequent 
purchaser 
or 
transferee 
of 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] shall be deemed to have agreed with 
the issuer or the seller of such [Notes]/[Certificates] that (i) 
it will not at any time offer, sell, resell or deliver, directly or 
indirectly, such [Notes]/[Certificates] so purchased in the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. 
person or to others for offer, sale, resale or delivery, directly 
or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any U.S. person and (ii) it is not purchasing any 
[Notes]/[Certificates] for the account or benefit of any U.S. 
person.] 
 
(include the preceding two paragraphs for issuance of 
Bearer Securities pursuant to Regulation S) 
 
[No [Notes]/[Certificates] may be offered, sold, pledged, or 
otherwise transferred except (i) to the Issuer or any 
subsidiary thereof, (ii) pursuant to a registration statement 
that has become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act"), (iii) to a "Qualified 
Institutional Buyer" (within the meaning of Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) in compliance with 
Rule 144A, [who is also a "qualified purchaser" within the 
meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 
Act") and the rules and regulations thereunder ("QP"), ](iv) 
to a person that is not a U.S. person in an offshore 
transaction complying with the requirements of Rule 903 or 
Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act or (v) 
pursuant to an exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act (if available).] 
 
(include the preceding paragraph for issuance of 
Registered Global Securities by BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
pursuant to Rule 144A) 
 
[No [Notes]/[Certificates] may be offered, sold, pledged, or 
otherwise transferred except (i) to the Issuer or any 
subsidiary thereof, (ii) pursuant to a registration statement 
that has become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act"), (iii) to a "Qualified 
Institutional Buyer" (within the meaning of Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A")) in compliance with 
Rule 144A, (iv) to a person that is not a U.S. person in an 
offshore transaction complying with the requirements of 
Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities 
Act or (v) pursuant to an exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act (if available).] 
 
(include the preceding paragraph for issuance of 
Registered Global Securities by BBVA Global Securities 
B.V. pursuant to Rule 144A) 
 
[The Notes and the guarantee thereof will be offered 
pursuant to an exemption from registration provided by 
Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The [Notes] and the 
guarantee thereof are not required to be, and have not been,

--- Page 561 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
561 
 
 
registered under the Securities Act or with any 
governmental authority.]  
 
(include the preceding paragraph for issuances of 3(a)(2) 
Notes) 
 
Reg. S Compliance Category [2]; [TEFRA D][TEFRA 
C][TEFRA not applicable] (NB: Securities which will be 
represented by CREST Depository Interests to be TEFRA 
C) 
6.4 
[U.S. 
Withholding 
Tax 
Considerations 
As of the date of this Pricing Supplement, the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] are "U.S. equity linked Securities" 
subject to withholding under Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986.] [As of the date of this 
Pricing Supplement, the Issuer has not determined whether 
the [Notes]/[Certificates] are “U.S. equity linked Securities” 
subject to withholding under Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986; however, indicatively it 
considers that they will [not] be subject to withholding for 
these purposes. This is indicative information only, subject 
to change, and if the Issuer’s final determination is different 
then it will give notice of such determination.]39 [specify]40  
6.5 
[U.S. 
"Original 
Issue 
Discount" Legend: 
[Not applicable] [FOR PURPOSES OF ORIGINAL ISSUE 
DISCOUNT RULES UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
INTERNAL 
REVENUE 
CODE 
OF 
1986, 
THIS 
[NOTE]/[CERTIFICATE] 
HAS 
ORIGINAL 
ISSUE 
DISCOUNT 
OF 
[currency][amount] 
PER 
EACH 
[currency][amount] OF NOMINAL AMOUNT OF THIS 
[NOTE]/CERTIFICATE]; THE ISSUE PRICE OF THIS 
[NOTE]/[CERTIFICATE] IS [currency][amount]; THE 
ISSUE DATE IS [date]; AND THE YIELD TO 
MATURITY 
(COMPOUNDED 
[semi-annually]) 
IS 
[yield].] 
 
(include the preceding legend if the Securities are to be 
issued pursuant to Rule 144A or Section 3(a)(2) of the 
Securities Act, and are issued with an "original issue 
discount" for U.S. federal income tax purposes if the Issuer 
files a Form 8281 for a note, the legend is not required.). 
7. 
[Index/Other Disclaimer41 
 
[The [Notes]/[Certificates] are not sponsored, recommended, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index 
or the Index Sponsor. The Index Sponsor does not make any representations, whether express or 
implied, regarding the results to be obtained from using their Index or the level at which an Index may 
stand at any particular time or any particular date or otherwise, nor its suitability. Further, the Index 
Sponsor will not have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) for any inaccuracy in the data 
on which the Index is based, for any mistakes, errors, or omissions in the calculation and/or 
dissemination of the Index, or for the manner in which it is applied in the [Notes]/[Certificates] or the 
offering thereof. The Issuer shall not have any liability for any act of failure to act by the Index Sponsor 
in connection with the calculation adjustment or maintenance of the Index. None of the Issuer or its 
affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any control over the 
computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation Agent will obtain 
information concerning the Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not 
 
39  
To be included if the Issuer has not made determination as of the date of the Pricing Supplement (e.g., if the time of pricing is more 
than 14 calendar days before the issuance of the Security). 
40  
Delete this Section 6.4 if the applicable Securities are not subject to withholding under Section 871(m).  
41 
Delete this section 7 if not required

--- Page 562 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
562 
 
 
independently verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking 
(express or implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the 
Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning the 
Index.] 
(Insert unless the relevant Index has a bespoke disclaimer, in which case, substitute for such bespoke 
disclaimer) 
[IHS Markit Index Disclaimer 
The Index Annex which is specified in the Pricing Supplement in relation to the [Notes]/[Certificates] 
(for the purposes of this disclaimer only, a "Credit Index"), is the property of Markit Indices Limited 
(the "Index Sponsor") and has been licensed for use in connection with the [Notes]/[Certificates]. 
Each of the Securityholders acknowledges and agrees that the [Notes]/[Certificates] are not sponsored, 
endorsed, or promoted by the Index Sponsor. The Index Sponsor makes no representation whatsoever, 
whether express or implied, and hereby expressly disclaims all warranties (including, without 
limitation, those of the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use), with respect to the 
Credit Index or any data included therein or relating thereto, and in particular disclaims any warranty 
either as to the quality, accuracy and/or completeness of the Credit Index or any data included therein, 
the results obtained from the use of the Credit Index and/or the composition of the Credit Index at any 
particular time on any particular date or otherwise and/or the creditworthiness of any entity, or the 
likelihood of the occurrence of a credit event or similar event (however defined) with respect to an 
obligation, in the Credit Index at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. The Index 
Sponsor shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to the parties or any other person for 
any error in the Credit Index, and the Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise the parties or any 
person of any error therein. The Index Sponsor makes no representation whatsoever, whether express 
or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or selling the [Notes]/[Certificates], the ability of the 
Credit Index to track relevant markets' performances, or otherwise relating to the Credit Index or any 
transaction or product with respect thereto, or of assuming any risks in connection therewith. The 
Index Sponsor has no obligation to take the needs of any party into consideration in determining, 
composing or calculating the Credit Index. No party purchasing or selling the [Notes]/[Certificates], 
nor the Index Sponsor shall have any liability to any party for any act or failure to act by the Index 
Sponsor in connection with the determination, adjustment, calculation or maintenance of the Credit 
Index. "iTraxx®", "Markit iTraxx® Europe" and any other Index using the title "Markit iTraxx® 
Europe" are service marks of Markit Indices Limited and have been licensed for use by the Issuer.] 
[Annex [specify] to this Pricing Supplement includes further information about the Index]42 
[Custom Index disclosure: [specify] (Include information as required by Annex 17 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and any additional information as permitted by Annex 28 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980) in relation to any additional provisions relating 
to the relevant Custom Index. In particular include the name of the index, the index administrator and 
details of where the information about the index can be obtained.  
Where the custom index is composed by the Issuer or an entity belonging to the same group, the index 
administrator must be registered in the register maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation and the "EU BENCHMARK REGULATION" prompt above under 12. should 
be completed accordingly.) 
Where the index or custom index is provided by a legal entity or a natural person acting in association 
with, or on behalf of, the Issuer either (x) (i) the complete set of rules of the index and information on 
the performance of the index are freely accessible on the issuer’s or on the index provider’s website; 
and (ii) the governing rules (including methodology of the index for the selection and the re-balancing 
of the components of the index, description of market disruption events and of adjustment rules (if 
any) are based on predetermined and objective criteria), or (y) the index administrator must be 
registered in the register maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmark Regulation and 
the "EU BENCHMARK REGULATION" prompt above under 12. should be completed accordingly).] 
 
42  
Include as appropriate.

--- Page 563 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] 
 
 
563 
 
 
[Annex [specify] to these Final Terms includes further information about the Index.]43 
8. 
[U.S. Taxation44 
[Specify] We intend to treat the [Notes]/[Certificates] as [INSERT RELEVANT TAX TREATMENT] 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences 
of holding and disposing of the [Notes]/[Certificates], a U.S. Holder (as defined in the Base 
Prospectus) should review carefully the sections entitled "Taxation—United States Federal 
Taxation—Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders—[INSERT RELEVANT CROSS REFERENCE(S)]" 
and "Taxation—United States Federal Taxation—Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders—General 
Considerations for U.S. Holders" in the Base Prospectus. A Non-U.S. Holder (as defined in the Base 
Prospectus) should review carefully the section entitled "Taxation—United States Federal Taxation—
Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders" in the Base Prospectus. 
[The comparable yield and projected payment schedule with respect to a Note can be obtained by 
contacting [BBVA] at [INSERT EMAIL ADDRESS AND/OR PHONE NUMBER]]45 
[Based on the treatment set forth under "Taxation—United States Federal Taxation—Tax 
Consequences to U.S. Holders—Securities Treated as Put Rights and Deposits," we have determined 
that the Yield on the Deposit is [XXXX] per cent. per annum, paid [monthly], and the remaining 
portion of the coupon payments on the [Notes]/[Certificates] is attributable to the Put Premium.]46 
[Specify][We have not obtained any tax opinion regarding the treatment of the [Notes]/[Certificates] 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes and there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service 
or a court will agree with our intended treatment. References in "Taxation—United States Federal 
Taxation" regarding how the [Notes]/[Certificates] "should" be treated assume that our intended 
treatment is respected, and should not be read to imply a particular level of comfort regarding the 
intended tax treatment. U.S. Holders and Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding 
all aspects of the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of an investment in the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] (including possible alternative treatments). 
[The U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Securities are complex. 
Additionally, for certain Securities, there are no direct legal authorities as to the proper treatment of 
the Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and, therefore, significant aspects of the U.S. 
federal income tax treatment of such Securities are uncertain. Please read the discussion under 
"Taxation—United States Federal Taxation." Investors should consult their tax advisers on the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Securities.] 
[[The Issuer is only offering to and selling to the Dealer(s) pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the 
[Programme Agreement]. All sales to persons other than the Dealer(s) will be made by the Dealer(s) or persons 
to whom they sell, and/or otherwise make arrangements with, including the Financial Intermediaries. The Issuer 
shall not be liable for any offers, sales or purchase of [Notes]/[Certificates] by the Dealer(s) or Financial 
Intermediaries in accordance with the arrangements in place between any such Dealer or any such Financial 
Intermediary and its customers.]  
 
 
43  
Include as appropriate. 
44 
Insert Section 8 only in the case of Rule 144A or 3(a)(2) Notes. 
45  
Include only for 3(a)(2) Notes that are Contingent Payment Securities and Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Securities. 
46  
Include only for 3(a)(2) Notes that are non-principal protected Securities that pay fixed coupons and do not provide for upside.

--- Page 564 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
 
 
564 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(a)(2) NOTES 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(a)(2) NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement for 3(a)(2) Notes which may be completed for each Tranche of 
3(a)(2) Notes issued under the Programme.1 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR 
THE ISSUE OF THE NOTES 
[[Date] 
Issue of [[Aggregate] Nominal Amount of [Tranche] [Title of 3(a)(2) Notes] (the "Notes") issued by BBVA 
GLOBAL SECURITIES B.V. (as "Issuer") guaranteed by BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, 
S.A., NEW YORK BRANCH (as "Guarantor") under the €10,000,000,000 Structured Medium Term Securities 
Programme] 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: [The Notes and the guarantee thereof are offered pursuant to an exemption 
from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), provided by Section 
3(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Notes are not deposits or savings accounts and are not insured by the Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") nor any state securities commission has approved 
or disapproved of the Notes or determined that this Pricing Supplement is truthful or complete. Any representation 
to the contrary is a criminal offense. Under no circumstances shall this Pricing Supplement constitute an offer to 
sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these Notes, in any jurisdiction in which such 
offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to qualification under the securities laws of any such 
jurisdiction.] 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions of the Notes 
(and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Listing Particulars dated [⚫] 
2024 [as so supplemented][[and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] (the "Base Listing 
Particulars").This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Listing Particulars.][dated [⚫] 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date] [(the "Base 
Listing Particulars")] published on the website of the Guarantor [(https://www.bbva.com/en/)][include other 
link] All references in the Base Listing Particulars and the General Conditions to the Securities shall mean the 
Notes] 
[For purposes of this Pricing Supplement all references to each of the terms used in this Pricing Supplement set 
out in the left column of the table below shall be construed as references to the corresponding term in the Base 
Listing Particulars set out in the right column below. All related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Terms used in this Pricing Supplement2 
Terms in the Base Listing Particulars3 
[insert relevant term] 
[insert relevant term] 
] 
Include whichever of the following apply. If a paragraph is not applicable, (i) delete this paragraph in its entirety 
and change the numbering accordingly or (ii) specify "Not applicable" and delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of such paragraph. Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement. Where the context so permits, 
Terms in this Pricing Supplement may be attributed a numerical or letter suffix value when included hereon. 
Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted as "j", "k", "m", "q", "n", "t" or "i" and the term may be completed 
 
1  
Delete when completing the Pricing Supplement. 
2  
Including where used in any defined term. 
3  
Including where used in any defined term.

--- Page 565 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
565 
 
 
on the basis of the number or numbers represented by j, k, m, q, n, t or i, as chosen at the time of an issue of Notes. 
When applicable and in order to improve the reading and intelligibility of the formula(e) in the Pricing 
Supplement, the applicable suffixes may be included, completed and explained and may be presented as a table, 
if necessary, in the Pricing Supplement. Where the Pricing Supplement specifies that a table may be inserted, such 
table will set out amounts, entities, dates, items, rates, value levels, triggers, figures and other information which 
completes the definitions that appear in the relevant subparagraphs of the Pricing Supplement, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities and the applicable Annex(es) to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. Any units 
expressed in percentage can be shorted by the symbol "%". Where the Pricing Supplement specifies that a formula 
from the Payout Conditions and the relevant definitions from the Payout Conditions shall be inserted, each such 
formula and the related definitions may be shortened, condensed and simplified to make the formula more concise 
and clear  to avoid repeating definitions and explanations may be added to in order to improve the reading. Any 
paragraph can be replaced or removed if the term included in such paragraph has been defined in any previous 
paragraph. The paragraphs set forth below may be organised, formatted into a gridded table and the numbering 
may be removed. Type, size of letter and layout may also be discretionally changed.4   
[Investment Description, Feature, Key Dates and Note Offering information ] 
[Additional Information about the Securities: include additional information on the Notes] 
[Investor Suitability: include relevant investor suitability and non-suitability disclosure] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
BBVA Global Securities B.V. (NIF: N0074943B) 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
Banco 
Bilbao 
Vizcaya 
Argentaria, 
S.A. 
(NIF: 
A48265169), acting through its New York Branch 
(iii) 
ISIN Code: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
CUSIP: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Common Code: 
[specify] 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[specify] (delete if Tranche 1) 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date] [Not 
applicable] 
(iv) 
Applicable Annex(es): 
[Not applicable] 
 
[Annex 1: Payout Conditions] [Annex 2: Index Linked 
Conditions] [Annex 3: Equity Linked Conditions] [Annex 
4: ETF Linked Conditions] [Annex 5: Fund Linked 
Conditions] [Annex 6: Inflation Linked Conditions] 
[Annex 7: Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security 
Conditions] [Annex 10: Bond Linked Conditions] [Annex 
11: Custom Index Linked Conditions] 
 
(More than one Annex may apply.)(delete this paragraph 
if not applicable) 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[specify] (may be deleted if specified below) 
4. 
[Aggregate] Nominal Amount: 
[include Specified Currency][specify] 
 
4  
Remove guidance notes in italics when preparing Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 566 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
566 
 
 
Tranche: 
[specify] (delete if Tranche 1) 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[specify] [per cent. of the [Aggregate] Nominal Amount] 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
[payable as set out in paragraph 4 above] 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Minimum Tradable Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
[Calculation Amount:] 
[specify] (Insert the following in the case of Instalment 
Notes) [(the "Original Calculation Amount")][minus, for 
the purposes of any calculation by reference to the 
Calculation Amount on any day, the sum of the Instalment 
Amounts paid prior to the relevant day][which shall be 
reduced by [specify amount] after each Instalment Date] 
[save for the purposes of calculation of any [Interest 
Amount][Final Redemption Amount][Early Redemption 
Amount][Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount][Optional 
Redemption 
Amount][Entitlement 
Amount] [[payable][deliverable] on [specify]][for which 
purpose the Original Calculation Amount will apply] [Not 
applicable]]] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
(may be deleted where Calculation Amount is equal to the 
Specified Denomination)] 
7. 
(i) 
[Trade Date:] 
[specify] (may be deleted if Securities are referencing 
Annex 2: Index Linked Conditions and/or Annex 3: Equity 
Linked Conditions and/or Annex 4: ETF Linked 
Conditions and no Strike Date is a Trade Date) 
(ii) 
Issue Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify][Issue 
Date][Not 
applicable] 
(if 
Interest 
Commencement Date is the Issue Date, may be deleted) (If 
not applicable, delete) 
 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[The Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to 
[specify]] [specify] [(the "Scheduled Maturity Date")] [or 
if that is not a Business Day the immediately 
[succeeding][preceding] Business Day [unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event it 
will be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day] [or such [later] date for redemption 
determined as provided in the [Index Linked][Equity 
Linked][ETF Linked][Fund Linked][Inflation Linked] 
[FX Linked] [Bond Linked] [Custom Index Linked] 
Conditions]

--- Page 567 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
567 
 
 
9. 
Reference Item(s): 
[specify] [See paragraph [specify] [Index][Basket of 
Indices][Share][Basket of Shares] [Index] [Indices] 
[ETF][Basket of ETFs][Fund][Fund Basket][Subject 
Currency][Subject 
Currencies] 
Reference 
Item 
Rate][Reference Spread] [Bond] [Custom Index] below] 
(Repeat if necessary) 
[Not applicable] 
[[insert table in the format below as applicable] 
 
[Name] 
[ISIN] 
[Exchang
e] 
[Screen 
Page] 
[Index 
Sponsor]] 
 
(information in this table can be removed if already set out 
in other paragraphs of this Pricing Supplement) 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[No][Not applicable] 
 
[Securityholder Put Option] [Issuer Call Option] [(see 
paragraph[s] [specify] below] 
11. 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable: 
Knock-in 
Value 
[for 
[every][any] Reference Item in the Basket] is [greater 
than][greater than or equal to][less than][less than or equal 
to] the Knock-in[Barrier][[within][outside] [the Knock-in 
Range] (If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[The Reference Item Rate [1][2] is [greater][less] than [or 
equal to] the Knock-in Barrier] (Insert for Reference Item 
Rate Linked Notes) 
(i) 
Knock-in Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.1] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Barrier: 
[specify value or percentage] 
(iii) 
Knock-in Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices 
etc] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, barrier etc] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify][Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Knock 
in 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify]][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not applicable]

--- Page 568 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
568 
 
 
(ix) 
Knock-in Period Ending Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a Knock-
in Determination Day] 
12. 
Knock-out Event: 
[Not applicable][Applicable: The Knock-out Value [for 
[every][any] Reference Item in the Basket] is [(i)][greater 
than][greater than or equal to][less than][less than or equal 
to] [the Knock-out [Barrier] [within][outside] the Knock-
out Range] (If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[The Reference Item Rate [1][2] is [greater][less] than [or 
equal to] the Knock-out Barrier] (Insert for Reference Item 
Rate Linked Notes) 
(i) 
Knock-out Value: 
[insert definition from Payout Condition 5.1] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Barrier: 
[specify value or percentage] 
(iii) 
Knock-out Range: 
From and [including][excluding] [specify range of values, 
percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices 
etc] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc] [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[[From and including][From and excluding][To and 
including][To but excluding][specify]] [Each Scheduled 
Trading Day in the Knock-out Determination Period][Not 
applicable] 
(v) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date Scheduled Trading Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Knock-out Period Ending Date 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time on a Knock 
out Determination Day] 
[PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE] 
13. 
Interest Basis: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [The Notes shall not pay 
interest]

--- Page 569 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
569 
 
 
 
(Where applicable specify one or more of the following) 
[per cent.] [per annum] [Fixed Rate] [Interest Leverage 
Multiplier: [specify]] 
 
[EURIBOR][SONIA][SOFR][€STR][specify CMS 
Rate][specify] 
+/-[specify] per cent.] Floating Rate] [Interest Leverage 
Multiplier: [specify]] 
 
[Specified Interest Amount] (See paragraph [specify] 
below) [Zero Coupon] [Switchable] 
 
(If Reference Item Linked Interest is the interest basis, 
specify one or more of the following) 
 
[Index Linked Interest] [Equity Linked Interest] [ETF 
Linked Interest] [Fund Linked Interest] [Inflation Linked 
Interest] [Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Interest] 
[Reference Item Rate Linked Interest] [Bond Linked 
Interest] 
[Custom 
Index 
Linked] 
[Combination 
Interest][Interest Leverage Multiplier: [specify]] 
 
(See paragraph [specify] [and (specify) below] 
(i) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[specify if different from General Condition 4[(a)][(b)], 
otherwise may be deleted]  
(Repeat for each Interest Period after and/or before the 
Switch Option is exercised, as applicable) 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention for 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[specify if different from “unadjusted” standard otherwise 
may be deleted] [Adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention][Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention][Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Floating Rate Convention]] [Not applicable 
(unadjusted)] (Repeat for each Interest Period after and/or 
before the Switch Option is exercised, as applicable) 
(if unadjusted, delete this subparagraph. If adjusted, 
specify same Business Day Convention as for Interest 
Payment Dates. Unless otherwise agreed, the Business 
Day Convention where the Reference Rate is SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR should be specified as Modified Following 
Business Day Convention) 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify][As defined in the relevant Interest Basis 
provisions below] [(i) Each scheduled Interest Payment 
Date set out in the table below or, in each case; (ii) the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following 
the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event, 
whichever is the earlier][The Maturity Date or the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following 
the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event, 
whichever is the earlier][Upon the occurrence of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event, interest shall cease to 
accrue and no further interest will be payable after the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date.] (may be deleted if 
included in another subparagraph)

--- Page 570 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
570 
 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention for 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify if different from Modified Following Business Day 
Convention standard set out in General Condition 
4[(a)][(b)], otherwise may be deleted] [Following 
Business Day Convention][Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention][Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Floating Rate Convention] 
 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for Interest 
Period End Date(s), unless Interest Payment Date(s) is 
(are) expressed to be a number of Business Days after the 
relevant Interest Period End Final Date, Interest Payment 
Date(s) must be subject to the same Business Day 
Convention) 
(v) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[specify][per cent.][per annum][Not applicable] (Repeat 
for each Interest Period after and/or before the Switch 
Option is exercised, as applicable) 
 
(If a Minimum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period) 
(vi) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[specify][per cent.][per annum][Not applicable] (Repeat 
for each Interest Period after and/or before the Switch 
Option is exercised, as applicable) 
 
(If a Maximum Interest Rate applies for each Interest 
Period, the Maximum Interest Rate shall be specified 
separately for each Interest Period.) 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[specify if different from 1/1 standard as set out in General 
Condition 4(k), subparagraph (K) of the Definition of Day 
Count 
Fraction, 
otherwise 
may 
be 
deleted] 
[30/360][Actual/Actual [(ICMA)][(ISDA)]] [Actual/365 
[(Fixed)][(Sterling)]] [Actual/360] [30/360/] [360/360] 
[Bond Basis] [30E/360 [(ISDA)]] [Eurobond Basis] [1/1] 
[1] [Not applicable] (Repeat for each Interest Period after 
and/or before the Switch Option is exercised, as 
applicable) 
 
(Where Actual/Actual ICMA is applicable, insert 
Determination Date(s) below) 
(Repeat for each Interest Basis as necessary) 
(Where the Reference Rate is (i) SONIA, specify 
Actual/365(Fixed); and (ii) SOFR or €STR, specify 
Actual/360) 
(viii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[specify][in each year]][Not applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In which case, insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon) 
(ix) 
Rate of Interest: 
[In respect of [the] [each] Interest Payment Date[s] [(from 
[specify] to [specify])][ falling [on][during the period from 
and including] [specify] [to and including [specify]]

--- Page 571 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
571 
 
 
only]][Not applicable]]the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent [as][in accordance 
with the following formula(s)][insert formula]]: 
(The above formulation may be repeated as necessary for 
each relevant interest type below) 
[Fixed Rate] [Floating Rate] 
 
(In respect of the following, insert formula, relevant 
value(s) and other related definitions from Payout 
Condition 2.1 and relevant definitions from Payout 
Condition 5. Any variable of a formula that makes 
reference to a definition, or to another formula may be 
replaced and substituted directly by these elements as 
many times as necessary to facilitate the comprehension) 
 
[Option FX: Applicable] (specify as applicable for each 
Rate of Interest where FX option is to apply) 
 
(If the Rate or Interest is calculated by reference to 
Reference Items, Valuation Dates, etc. or is otherwise 
calculated differently in respect of each Interest Payment 
Date, options may be repeated and numerical suffixes may 
be used to clarify which Reference Item, Rate of Interest, 
Valuation Date etc. applies in respect of the corresponding 
Interest Payment Date) 
14. 
Switchable Securities: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Interest Periods preceding 
the Optional Switch Date in 
respect of which the Issuer 
Switch Option is exercised: 
[Fixed Rate][Floating Rate]. The items specified in 
paragraph [15]/[16] shall apply for such Interest Periods. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Interest Periods following 
the Optional Switch Date in 
respect of which the Issuer 
Switch Option is exercised: 
[Fixed Rate][Floating Rate]. The items specified in 
paragraph [15]/[16] shall apply for such Interest Periods. 
(iii) 
Optional Switch Date(s): 
[[specify] 
[Any 
Interest 
Payment 
Date][The 
[first][second][specify] Interest Payment Date] [[specify] 
in each year, from and including [specify], to and including 
the [specify]][, or if that is not a Business Day the 
immediately succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event it 
will be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day.] 
(iv) 
Minimum Notice Period: 
[[specify] prior to the Optional Switch Date in respect of 
which the Issuer Switch Option is exercised] 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] 
[to 
and 
including 
[specify]] 
only]][Not 
applicable]

--- Page 572 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
572 
 
 
 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined repeat 
items (i) to (iii) of this paragraph for each such rate and, 
if Digital Coupon One Condition or Digital Coupon Two 
Conditions apply distinguish between the Rate which is 
Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is 
Rate C if applicable) 
(i) 
Fixed Rate: 
[[specify][per cent. [per annum] payable [annually][semi- 
annually][quarterly][monthly] in arrears on [the] [each] 
Interest Payment Date[s]][Not applicable] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
(ii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount, payable on [the][each] 
Interest Payment Date[s] falling [in][on][specify]][Not 
applicable] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable[, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify] only]][Not applicable] 
[for purposes only of determining the "Rate" element of 
the Rate of Interest specified in item [specify] (insert 
where "Rate of Interest - Range Accrual" applies under 
item [specify] (ix))  
 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, repeat 
items [specify] to [specify] for each such rate and, if 
Digital Coupon One Condition of Digital Coupon two 
Conditions apply distinguish between the Rate which is 
Rate A, the Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is 
Rate C if applicable) 
(i) 
Specified Period(s): 
[specify length of period] [Not applicable] 
(ii) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination][ISDA Determination] 
(further particulars specified below) 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If applicable, for floating rate Notes not referencing 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR include (a) to [(d) below] below 
and delete the other sub-paragraphs) 
(If applicable, for floating rate Notes referencing SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR include (a) below to [(TBD)] (excluding (c) 
below, delete otherwise) 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[specify period] [month] [year] [EURIBOR] [SONIA] 
[SOFR] [€STR] [CMS Rate with a Designated Maturity of 
[insert 
years]][specify 
Government 
Bond 
Yield 
Rate][specify TEC Rate] [with a Designated Maturity of 
[insert years]] [specify other] 
(b) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] [[specify] [prior to the [The][first] day of each 
Interest 
Period]] 
[The 
[second][specify] 
[Business 
Day][specify] falling prior to Interest Payment Date][Each

--- Page 573 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
573 
 
 
Interest Payment Date, provided that in respect of the final 
Interest Period, the Interest Determination Date shall be 
the [second][ ] [Business Day][specify] falling prior to 
Interest Payment Date ([not] taking into account any 
adjustment made pursuant to General Condition 5 
(Payments, Physical Delivery and Exchange of Talons)) – 
use for Payment Delay only] 
(c) 
Specified Time: 
[specify][Not applicable] (Not applicable, for SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR) 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][The SOFR Screen Page][ECB Website] [New 
York Federal Reserve's Website] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(e) 
RFR 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(f) 
Determination 
Method: 
[Compounded Daily Rate – include if RFR Index 
Determination is specified as applicable, or if this is the 
chosen 
determination 
method 
where 
RFR 
Index 
Determination is specified as Not applicable][Weighted 
Average Rate] 
(g) 
Observation Method: 
[Observation Shift][Lag][Lock-Out][Payment Delay] 
(h) 
Observation 
Shift 
Option [Specify only 
where 
Observation 
Shift is applicable]: 
[Standard Shift][IDD Shift]][Not applicable] 
(i) 
Y: 
["Y":] means [360] (likely to be specified for USD and 
Euro) [365] (likely to be specified for GBP)][specify] [Not 
applicable] 
(j) 
"p": 
[specify] (only if Observation Shift (Standard Shift) or Lag 
are applicable]][Not applicable] 
(k) 
Effective 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[In respect of each Interest Period other than the final 
Interest Period, the date falling [two][specify] [Business 
Days][specify] following the Interest Payment Date, and in 
respect of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date or 
redemption date (as applicable) of the Notes. [Not 
applicable] (include Not applicable if Payment Delay is 
not specified as the Observation Method) 
(l) 
Rate Cut-off Date: 
[(specify) Reference Rate Business Day(s) immediately 
prior to the Interest Determination Date] [as per General 
Condition 4(b)(iv)(2)(D)] [Not applicable] (include where 
Lock-Out or Payment Delay is specified as the 
Observation Method) 
(m) 
[SOFR Replacement 
Alternatives Priority: 
[As per General Condition 4(b)(iv)(4)][specify][Not 
applicable] (Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR)] 
(iv) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]

--- Page 574 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
574 
 
 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
[EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters 
(if 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR- EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR- EuroSTR 
Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
/ 
USD-SOFR 
/ 
USD-SOFR 
Compounded Index / USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate] 
(if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index 
specify not applicable in (e) and (f) and complete (g) 
below) 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(Designated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] [as specified in the ISDA Definitions][the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period] 
(e) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
Compounding Method: 
[OIS Compounding] [Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [Five][specify] Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [specify] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [specify] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Applicable Business 
Days][specify]] 
 
[Daily Capped applicable] Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: [specify] per cent.] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: [specify] per cent.]] 
(f) 
Averaging: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
Averaging Method: 
[Overnight Averaging] [Averaging with Lookback 
[Five][specify] Applicable Business Days] [Averaging 
with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [Five][specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days

--- Page 575 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
575 
 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout: 
Lockout: [Five][specify] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Applicable Business 
Days][specify]] 
 
[Daily Capped applicable] Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: [specify] per cent.] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: [specify] per cent.]] 
(g) 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [Five][specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
[Standard Index Method][Compounded Index Method] 
(h) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(v) 
Payment Delay: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[Effective Interest Payment Date: In respect of each 
Interest Period other than the final Interest Period, the date 
falling [two][specify] [Business Days][specify] following 
the Interest Payment Date, and in respect of the final 
Interest Period, the Maturity Date or redemption date (as 
applicable) of the Notes (include if Payment Delay is 
specified as applicable for Floating Rate Option when OIS 
Compounding or Overnight Averaging is the applicable 
calculation method and for Floating Rate Option Index if 
Index Method is Standard Index Method or Compounded 
Index Method) 
(vi) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not applicable][Applicable - the Rate of Interest for the 
[long][short] [first][last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(vii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][specify][per cent][per annum][Not applicable] 
(If a Margin applies for each Interest Period, the Margin 
shall be specified separately for each Interest Period) 
17. 
Specified 
Interest 
Amount 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]

--- Page 576 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
576 
 
 
(i) 
Specified Interest Amount(s): 
[In respect of [the][each] [following] Specified Interest 
Payment Date[s] [from and including [[specify] to and 
including 
[specify]]], 
[specify] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount][See table [above][below]](Insert table) 
(repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[specify][[Each][The] Interest Payment Date falling on or 
nearest to] [specify][from and including [the Interest 
Payment Date falling on or nearest to] [specify] to and 
including [the Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest 
to][specify]][, as adjusted in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention] [See table [above][below]](Insert table) 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Amount 
Multiplier: 
[Not applicable] [specify] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention 
[specify] (only include if necessary) 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Accrual Yield: 
[specify] per cent. [per annum] [30/360][specify] 
19. 
Index Linked Interest: 
[Applicable] [in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify] only][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" 
specified in item [specify]  
(i) 
[Index][Basket of Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above] [below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant 
details of where investors can obtain information about 
the Index][(see paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
[The (specify Index) is [not] a [Single-Exchange] [or] 
[Multi-Exchange Index] (repeat as necessary)] 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Index Linked Conditions]] 
(may be deleted if specified elsewhere in this Pricing 
Supplement) 
(ii) 
[Exchange(s)] [Pricing Source]: 
and Index Sponsor]: 
(a) 
the relevant [Exchange[s]][Pricing Source [s] 
[is][are]specify] 
[there 
are 
no 
relevant 
[Exchanges][Pricing Sources]][specify]; and 
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [specify].] [See 
table [above][below]] 
(include 
Pricing 
Source 
if 
non 
Multi-
Exchange/Single-Exchange is selected above).

--- Page 577 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
577 
 
 
(iii) 
[Related 
Exchange][Related 
Pricing Source]: 
[specify][All Exchanges] (specify if different from “All 
Exchanges” standard set out in Annex 2, otherwise may 
be deleted) [All Related Pricing Sources] [Not applicable] 
(include Related Pricing Source if the Index is a non 
Single-Exchange or Multi-Exchange Index). 
 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above] [below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
(vii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify][See table [above][below]][Insert table] 
(viii) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below]]  
(ix) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation 
Period] [[specify][As per the Index Linked Conditions] 
(x) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(xi) 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day][Index Business Day]: 
[All Indices Basis][Per Index Basis][Single Index 
Basis][Cross Asset Basis]] (include Index Business Day if 
non Multi-Exchange/Single-Exchange is selected above) 
(may be deleted in case of a single Index or in case of a 
Basket of Indices where All Indices Basis applies) 
(xii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All Indices Basis][Per Index Basis][Single Index 
Basis][Cross Asset Basis] (must match election made for 
Exchange Business Day/ Index Business Day, if 
selected)(may be deleted in case of a single Index or in 
case of a Basket of Indices where All Indices Basis applies) 
(xiii) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(may be deteled if eight applies) 
(xiv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Index Linked Conditions] 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes]  
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
(specify if different from standard set out in Annex 2, 
otherwise may be deleted)

--- Page 578 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
578 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Component Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Component Borrow] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Component Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify] is [specify]] (Only applicable if Loss of 
Component Borrow is applicable) 
 
[The Initial Component Loan Rate in respect of [specify] 
is [specify]] (Only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Component Borrow is applicable) 
20. 
Equity Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] 
[to 
and 
including 
[specify]] 
only]][Not 
applicable] [for the purposes of determining the "Rate of 
Interest" specified in item [specify]  
(i) 
[Share(s)]/[Basket of Shares]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [See table [above] [below]] 
[Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
(also specify for each Share whether or not “China 
Connect” applies) 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify][Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Equity Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] (may be deleted if 
shown on the screen page) 
(iii) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] (specify if different 
from standard set out in Annex 3, otherwise may be 
deleted) 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges] (specify if different from “All 
Exchanges” standard set out in Annex 3, otherwise may 
be deleted) 
(vi) 
Depositary Receipt provisions: 
[Applicable][Not 
applicable][For 
Reference 
Item 
k=[specify][and k=[specify]] (the paragraphs below may 
be deleted if the standard set out in Annex 3 shall apply)

--- Page 579 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
579 
 
 
(a) 
Details of share: 
[specify name and ISIN code of the share to which the 
relevant Depository Receipts relate] 
(b) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
(vii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging applies to the Notes. The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above] [See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
(ix) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [ See table [above][below]] [Insert table] 
(x) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below]  
(xi) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation 
Period]] [[specify]][As per the Equity Linked Conditions] 
(xii) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(xiii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[All Shares Basis][Per Share Basis][Single Share 
Basis][Cross Asset Basis] (may be deleted in case of a 
single Share or in case of a Basket of Shares where All 
Shares Basis applies) 
(xiv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All Shares Basis][Per Share Basis][Single Share 
Basis][Cross Asset Basis] (may be deleted in case of a 
single Share or in case of a Basket of Shares where All 
Shares Basis applies) 
 
(Must match election for Exchange Business Day) 
(xv) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(may be deteled if eight applies) 
(xvi) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[As per the Equity Linked Conditions][In addition to De- 
Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Tender Offer unless 
Tender Offer (specified below as not applicable) and 
Nationalisation, the following Extraordinary Events apply 
to the Notes: 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
(specify if different from standard set out in Annex 3, 
otherwise may be deleted) 
 
[Listing Change]

--- Page 580 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
580 
 
 
 
[Listing Suspension] 
 
[Illiquidity] 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
(xvii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Equity 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes] (specify if different from standard set 
out in Annex 3, otherwise may be deleted) 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
21. 
ETF Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] 
[to 
and 
including 
[specify]] 
only]][Not 
applicable] [for the purposes of determining the "Rate of 
Interest" specified in item [specify]. 
(i) 
[ETF(s)]/[Basket of ETFs]: 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the ETF Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
ISIN of ETF Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] (may be deleted if 
shown on the screen page)

--- Page 581 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
581 
 
 
(iii) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] (specify if different 
from standard set out in Annex 4, otherwise may be 
deleted) 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges] (specify if different from “All 
Exchanges” standard set out in Annex 4, otherwise may be 
deleted) 
(vi) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(vii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a [Disrupted Day], 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
(viii) 
Interest Payment Dates(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [insert table] 
(ix) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]  
(x) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation 
Period]] [[specify],[As per the ETF Linked Conditions] 
(xi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(xii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETF Shares Basis][[Per ETF Share Basis]][Single 
ETF Share Basis][Cross Asset Basis] (may be deleted in 
case of a single ETF Share or in case of a Basket of ETF 
Shares where All ETF Shares Basis applies) 
(xiii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All ETF Shares Basis)][Per ETF Share Basis]][Single 
ETF Share Basis]][Cross Asset Basis]] (may be deleted in 
case of a single ETF Share or in case of a Basket of ETF 
Shares where All ETF Shares Basis applies) 
(xiv) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[Not applicable][specify][eight][Scheduled Trading Days] 
(may be deleted if eight applies) 
(xv) 
Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 2(b)] [specify] 
(specify if different from standard set out in Annex 4, 
otherwise may be deleted) 
(xvi) 
Additional Extraordinary ETF 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the ETF Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary ETF Events apply to 
the Notes: (specify if different from standard set out in 
Annex 4, otherwise may be deleted) 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies)

--- Page 582 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
582 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
22. 
Fund Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] 
[to 
and 
including 
[specify]] 
only]][Not 
applicable] [for the purposes of determining the "Rate of 
Interest" specified in item [specify](ix)]  
(i) 
Fund(s)/Fund Basket(s): 
The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [See table [above][below]] 
[Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[The NAV per Fund Share will be published on [specify]] 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the [Fund Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[specify][a unit of the relevant Fund] [See table 
[above][below]] 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Fund Non-
Valuation 
Date, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [insert table]

--- Page 583 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
583 
 
 
(v) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify] [See table [above][below] 
(vi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(vii) 
Fund Business Day: 
[specify][(All Fund Share Basis)][(Per Fund Share 
Basis)][(Single Fund Share Basis)]] [As per the Fund 
Linked Conditions] (delete in case of a single Fund Share) 
(viii) 
Initial Calculation Dates: 
 
(a) 
Initial 
Calculation 
Day: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(b) 
Initial 
Calculation 
Date: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(c) 
Initial 
Calculation 
Period: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(x) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Extraordinary Fund Events: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 1] [specify] 
(a) 
NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
NAV 
Trigger 
Percentage: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(c) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(d) 
Number 
of 
NAV 
Publication Days: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6 [Not 
applicable] 
(e) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(xii) 
Additional Extraordinary Fund 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Fund Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary Fund Events apply to 
the Notes]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable 
Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Delayed 
Payment 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 3][specify]

--- Page 584 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
584 
 
 
23. 
Inflation Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] 
[to 
and 
including 
[specify]] 
only]][Not 
applicable][for the purposes of determining the "Rate of 
Interest" specified in item [specify](ix)]  
 
(If more than one Inflation Rate is to be determined, repeat 
items (i) to (vii) for each such Inflation Rate and, if Digital 
Coupon One Condition or Digital Coupon Two Conditions 
apply distinguish between the Rate which is Rate A, the 
Rate which is Rate B and the Rate which is Rate C if 
applicable) 
(i) 
[Index][Indices][Basket of each 
Inflation Index] 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] (Set out each Index level 
and insert "in respect of [specify date]" following each 
Index level) 
(ii) 
Screen Page/Exchange/ CODE: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fallback Bond][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Initial Relevant Level: 
[specify][Not applicable] [The Interpolated Relevant 
Level between [specify relevant month] and [specify 
relevant month]]  
(vii) 
Reference Month: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Determination Date 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Revision of Index Level: 
[Revision][No Revision] 
(x) 
Interpolation: 
[specify] [Applicable][Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Inflation 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
24. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify]] only]] [for the 
purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" specified in 
item [specify] [For the purpose of determining the "RI FX 
Level" specified in item [specify](ix)] [Not applicable] 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]]

--- Page 585 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
585 
 
 
(ii) 
Subject Currency/Currencies: 
[specify][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] [and EM 
Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions apply to such Subject 
Currency] 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above] [below] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [Insert table] 
(vi) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below] 
(vii) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(viii) 
Provisions applicable where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Provisions do not apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][As per Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Security Condition 6] 
(d) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Not applicable] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where Non-
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different Disruption 
Events (or components thereof) also apply thereto). 
(e) 
Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[specify][Five][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable]

--- Page 586 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
586 
 
 
(ix) 
Provisions applicable where 
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Provisions applicable 
to 
determining 
the 
Settlement Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security Condition 6 
[and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where more 
than one Subject Currency]]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
(b) 
EM 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] per 
cent. 
EM Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined 
as set out in the definition of Settlement Price] 
EM 
Secondary 
Rate: 
[specify][[EM 
First 
Fallback Reference Price [and]][EM Second 
Fallback Reference Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Events (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(c) 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]]

--- Page 587 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
587 
 
 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(d) 
EM Maximum Days 
of Postponement: 
[specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(e) 
Cumulative Events: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable 
and 
EM 
Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(f) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify 
other][Business 
Days] 
[where 
Settlement Day Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] 
[Business 
Days][Settlement 
Days] 
[specify] 
(x) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Conditions] [The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes]:] 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Hedging Disruption][Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(insert where Change in Law does not apply) 
25. 
Reference Item Rate Linked Interest: 
[Applicable [, in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including] [specify] only][Not applicable]

--- Page 588 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
588 
 
 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" 
specified in item [specify](ix)]  
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Security Provisions shall 
apply. For the purposes of determining the Reference Item 
Rate on the basis of elections in this paragraph] 
 
(If more than one Reference Item Rate is to be determined, 
include the following language: "Reference Item Rate 
[specify] is as follows:" and repeat items (i) to (vi) below 
for each such Reference Item Rate) 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(a) 
Reference Item Rate: 
[specify period] [month] [year] [EURIBOR] [SONIA] 
[SOFR] [€STR] [CMS Rate with a Designated Maturity of 
[insert 
years]][specify 
Government 
Bond 
Yield 
Rate][specify TEC Rate] [with a Designated Maturity of 
[insert years]] [specify other] 
(b) 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(c) 
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or amend 
the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate 1 minus Reference Item Rate 2][Not 
applicable] 
 
[See paragraph [specify][above][below] 
 
(If a Reference Spread applies for each Interest Period, the 
Reference Spread shall be specified separately for each 
Interest Period.) 
(iv) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify] 
(v) 
Range Accrual Cut-Off Date: 
[specify] [See paragraph [specify][above][below][Not 
applicable] 
(vi) 
Business Day: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of determining the 
Reference Item Rate only, "Business Day" means [a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets

--- Page 589 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
589 
 
 
settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in [specify] [A TARGET Settlement 
Day][Reference Rate Business Day (as defined in General 
Condition 4(b)(iv)(2)][a "U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day", being any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) recommends that 
the fixed income departments of its members be closed for 
the entire day for the purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities.][specify] 
26. 
Bond Linked Interest: 
[Applicable] [in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including] 
[specify] [to and including [specify] only][Not applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Bond: 
[The following Reference Item [(k)] will apply:] [Not 
applicable] [See table [above] [below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant 
details of where investors can obtain information about the 
Bond][(see paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Bond Issuer: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
Bond Nominal Amount: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] (N.B. specify minimum 
denomination of the relevant bond) 
(iv) 
Bond Maturity Date: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
Screen Page: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days] [Strike Level]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(vii) 
Settlement Price: 
[As per Bond Linked Condition 10] [specify] 
(viii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify][See table [above][below]][Insert table][or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(ix) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]  
(x) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Any time [on the relevant Coupon Valuation Date][during 
the Coupon Valuation Period] [[specify] 
(xi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(xii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[As per Bond Linked Condition 10][specify] 
27. 
Custom Index Linked Interest: 
[Applicable] [in respect of [the][each] Interest Payment 
Date[s] falling [on][during the period from and including]

--- Page 590 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
590 
 
 
[specify] [to and including [specify] only][Not applicable] 
[for the purposes of determining the "Rate of Interest" 
specified in item [specify](ix)]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Custom 
Index][Basket 
of 
Custom Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above] [below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant 
details of where investors can obtain information about the 
Custom Index][(see paragraph [specify])](repeat as 
necessary) 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Custom Index Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[The relevant Index Sponsor is [specify].] 
[See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. 
[The 
Averaging 
Dates 
are 
[specify].] [See paragraph [specify] above][See table 
[above] [below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify][See table [above][below]][Insert table][or such 
later date as provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate 
Provisions set out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions] 
(vi) 
[Coupon 
Valuation 
[Date(s)][Period(s)]]: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] [or such later date as 
provided in the Settlement Exchange Rate Provisions set 
out in Condition 6 of the Payout Conditions]  
(vii) 
Coupon Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Coupon Valuation Date][during the Coupon Valuation 
Period] [[specify][As per the Custom Index Linked 
Conditions] 
(viii) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(ix) 
Custom Index Business Day:  
[(All Custom Indices Basis)][(Per Custom Index 
Basis)][(Single Custom Index Basis)]  
(x) 
Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[All 
Custom 
Indices 
Basis][Per 
Custom 
Index 
Basis][Single Custom Index Basis]

--- Page 591 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
591 
 
 
(xi) 
Custom 
Index 
Correction 
Period: 
[As set out in Custom Index Linked Condition 7][specify] 
(xii) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business 
Days][Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Custom Index Linked 
Conditions] [The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the [Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Component Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Component Borrow] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Component Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify] is [specify]]] (Only applicable if Loss of 
Component Borrow is applicable) 
 
[The Initial Component Loan Rate in respect of [specify] 
is [specify]] (Only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Component Borrow is applicable) 
28. 
Combination Interest: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]    
 
(Applicable in relation to Interest linked to a combination 
of types of Reference Items) 
 
(If 
applicable, 
complete 
relevant 
prompts 
from 
paragraphs [19] to [27]) 
[PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION] 
29. 
Redemption Basis: 
[Redemption at [par][specify][(see paragraph [specify] 
[(Final Redemption Amount)][and][specify] below)] 
 
(If Reference Item linked Redemption is the redemption 
basis, specify one or more of the following) 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] [Equity Linked Redemption] 
[ETF Linked Redemption] [Fund Linked Redemption] 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] [Foreign Exchange (FX) 
Rate Linked Redemption] [Reference Item Rate Linked 
Redemption] [Bond Linked Redemption] [Custom Index 
Linked 
Redemption] 
[Combination 
Redemption] 
[Instalment] [(See paragraph [46 below])] 
 
[For purposes of [32] (Automatic Early Redemption) 
below: [Index Linked Redemption] [Equity Linked

--- Page 592 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
592 
 
 
Redemption] [ETF Linked Redemption]. For all other 
purposes [Index Linked Redemption] [Equity Linked 
Redemption] [ETF Linked Redemption] shall apply.] 
(Include if there are different redemption bases for 
Automatic Early Redemption and other purposes) 
 
[- terms specified under paragraph [specify] will also 
apply for [specify] Linked Redemption unless specified 
otherwise in this paragraph] 
30. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Redemption [at par][Calculation Amount * [specify] per 
cent.][Calculation Amount * [Final Payout] [include 
Final Payout formula from Payout Condition 2.2 and 
relevant definitions from Payout Condition 5] [, subject to 
[specify][and][specify]]] 
(Definitions relevant for the Final Redemption Amount 
which are already specified under the paragraphs 19 to 
28 above may not be repeated here; however, relevant 
definitions for the Final Redemption Amount which are 
not already specified in paragraphs 19 to 28 above may 
be copied from paragraphs 36 to 45 below and, if all the 
relevant terms are specified here, the corresponding 
paragraph in 36 to 45 below may be deleted) 
31. 
[Final Payout:] 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(If applicable, insert a Final Payout Formula(e) from 
Payout Condition 2.2 and relevant definitions from 
Payout Condition 5.)  
32. 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[In respect of [any][all] Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date[s] [from (i)=[specify] to (i)=[specify]] [for 
[each][the][relevant][any][all] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Period[s] [from ([i])=[specify] to 
([i])=[specify]] [,the] AER Value [for [every][any] 
Reference Item in the Basket] is: [greater than][greater 
than or equal to][less than][less than or equal to] the 
Automatic Early Redemption Trigger][within][outside] 
[the Automatic Early Redemption Range] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
AER Value: 
[insert relevant value definition and where applicable 
relevant definitions from Payout Condition 5.1 and 5.2] 
(iii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[The Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
following 
formula:][specify] 
 
(Insert relevant formula from payout annex. Any variable 
of a formula that makes reference to a definition, or to 
another formula may be replaced and substituted directly 
by these elements as many times as necessary to facilitate 
the comprehension)

--- Page 593 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
593 
 
 
(iv) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Trigger: 
[specify][per cent.]] [See table [above][below]][Insert 
table] 
(v) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Range: 
From and [including][excluding][specify range of values, 
percentages, 
level, 
or 
prices 
etc] 
to 
and 
[including][excluding] 
[specify 
range 
of 
values, 
percentages, level, or prices etc][Not applicable] [See 
table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
AER Percentage: 
[specify] 
per 
cent.][Not 
applicable] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] 
 
(insert where ST Automatic Early Redemption applies) 
(vii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify][The date falling [specify] Business Days 
following [each][the] Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation [Date][Period] in respect of which an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred] [See 
table [above][below]] 
(viii) 
AER Additional Rate: 
[AER Rate][Insert relevant provisions from Payout 
Condition 5.1][Not applicable] 
 
[AER Rate DCF][Insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
 
[AER Rate MT][Insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
[See table [above][below]] 
(ix) 
[(i)] 
[Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Date(s)][ 
[Observation Date(s)]: 
[specify] [Each [specify] [Scheduled Trading Day] falling 
within the [relevant] Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Period] [See table [above][below]] 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
(x) 
[(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Period(s)][Observation 
Period(s)]: 
[[from (i)=[specify] to [specify] [Each][The] period from 
[and 
including][but 
excluding][specify], 
to 
[and 
including][but 
excluding][specify] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
(xi) 
[Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation 
Time][Observation 
Time]: 
[specify][Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the 
relevant 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date][during the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period] 
(specify if different from standard set out in Annex 2, 
Annex 3 or Annex 4, as applicable. Otherwise, may be 
deleted.) 
(xii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below]]

--- Page 594 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
594 
 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
33. 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[specify]] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount] [In relation to each 
Note its pro rata share of][specify] [The Optional 
Redemption Amount shall be determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(Insert relevant formula from Payout Annex)] 
 
(Insert relevant Optional Redemption Amount in respect 
of each relevant Optional Redemption Date. These may 
be set out in a table or annexed to the Pricing Supplement) 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [specify] 
 
Maximum period: [specify] 
 
[Not applicable] 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 business days' notice for 
a call) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent.) 
34. 
Securityholder Put Option: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(If not applicable, delete the paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(iii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[[specify] [per Calculation Amount][The Optional 
Redemption Amount shall be determined in accordance 
with the following formula:

--- Page 595 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
595 
 
 
 
(Insert relevant formula from Payout Annex)] 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [specify][Not applicable] 
 
Maximum period: [specify][Not applicable] 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 business days' notice for 
a put) and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as between 
the Issuer and the Agent) 
35. 
Early Redemption Amount payable in 
cases of a Redemption for tax reasons 
(General Condition 6(b), a Redemption 
for Illegality (General Condition 6(c) 
[or][,] a redemption following an event 
of default (General Condition 9) [or a 
failure to pay a Part Payment Amount 
on the relevant due date (General 
Condition 6(k))]: 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount][As set out in General 
Condition 6(f)] 
36. 
Index Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable][- terms specified under 
paragraph [19 above] will also apply for Index Linked 
Redemption unless specified otherwise in this paragraph 
[36]] [- for purposes of determining if an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has occurred][- for all purposes apart 
from determining if an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event has occurred] 
(i) 
[Index][Basket of Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
below] [Insert table]  
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant, 
details of where investors can obtain information about 
the Index](repeat as necessary) 
[The (specify Index) is [not] a [Single-Exchange] [or] 
[Multi-Exchange Index] (repeat as necessary)] 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Index Linked Conditions]] 
(may be deleted if specified elsewhere in this Pricing 
Supplement) 
(ii) 
[Exchange(s)] [Pricing Source]: 
and Index Sponsor]: 
(a) 
[the relevant [Exchange[s]][Pricing Source] 
[is][are]specify] 
[there 
are 
no 
relevant 
[Exchanges][Pricing Sources]][specify]; and 
 
(b) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [specify]] 
[See table [above][below]] (include Pricing 
Source if non Multi-Exchange/Single-Exchange 
is selected above).

--- Page 596 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
596 
 
 
(iii) 
[Related 
Exchange][Related 
Pricing Source]: 
[specify][All Exchanges] (specify if different from “All 
Exchanges” standard set out in Annex 2, otherwise may 
be deleted) [All Related Pricing Sources][Not applicable] 
(include Related Pricing Source if the Index is a non 
Single-Exchange or Multi-Exchange Index). 
(iv) 
Screen Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]]  
(v) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]]  
(vi) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging 
Dates 
are 
[specify].] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
(vii) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above] [below]]  
(viii) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify] [As per the Index Linked 
Conditions] 
(ix) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above] [below]]  
(x) 
[Exchange Business Day][Index 
Business Day]: 
[All Indices Basis][Per Index Basis][Single Index 
Basis][Cross Asset Basis] (include Index Business Day if 
the Index is a non Multi-Exchange/Single-Exchange 
Index) (may be deleted in case of a single Index or in case 
of a Basket of Indices where All Indices Basis applies) 
(xi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All Indices Basis][Per Index Basis][Single Index 
Basis][Cross Asset Basis] (may be deleted in case of a 
single Index or in case of a Basket of Indices where All 
Indices Basis applies) 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day/ 
Index Business Day) 
(xii) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled 
Trading 
Days][Not 
applicable]  
(may be deteled if eight applies) 
(xiii) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Index Linked Conditions] 
[The following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
(specify if different from standard set out in Annex 2, 
otherwise may be deleted)

--- Page 597 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
597 
 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Component Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Component Borrow] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Component Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify] is [specify](only applicable if Loss of Component 
Borrow is applicable)] 
 
[The Initial Component Loan rate in respect of [specify]] 
is [specify] (N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Component Borrow is applicable) 
37. 
Equity Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph [20 
above] will also apply for Equity Linked Redemption 
unless specified otherwise in this paragraph [37]] [- for 
purposes of determining if an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has occurred][- for all purposes apart 
from determining if an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event has occurred32] [Not applicable] 
(i) 
[Share(s)]/ [Basket of Shares]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [See table [above] [below]] 
[Insert table]]  
[For 
[k]=1][specify][insert 
description](repeat 
as 
necessary) 
(also specify for each Share whether or not “China 
Connect” applies) 
 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Equity Linked Conditions]]] 
(ii) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]]  (may be deleted if 
shown on the screen page) 
(iii) 
Screen Page: 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]]  
(iv) 
Exchange: 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]] (specify if different 
from standard set out in Annex 3, otherwise may be 
deleted) 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] (specify if 
different from “All Exchanges” standard set out in Annex 
3, otherwise may be deleted) 
(vi) 
Depositary Receipt provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [For Reference Item 
k=[specify][and k=[specify]

--- Page 598 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
598 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete this paragraph) 
(a) 
Details of share: 
[specify name and ISIN code of the share to which the 
relevant Depository Receipts relate] 
(b) 
Share Exchange: 
[specify] 
(vii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable][See table [above][below]]  
(viii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging applies to the Notes.][The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].][See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below]  
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
(ix) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]]  
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify][As per the Equity Linked 
Conditions] 
(xi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]  
(xii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[All Shares Basis][Per Share Basis][Single Share 
Basis][Cross Asset Basis] (may be deleted in case of a 
single Share or in case of a Basket of Shares where All 
Shares Basis applies) 
(xiii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All Shares Basis][Per Share Basis][Single Share 
Basis][Cross Asset Basis] (may be deleted in case of a 
single Share or in case of a Basket of Shares where All 
Shares Basis applies) 
(xiv) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled 
Trading 
Days][Not 
applicable]  
(may be deteled if eight applies) 
(xv) 
Extraordinary Events: 
 [As per the Equity Linked Conditions] [See paragraph 
[specify] above] [In addition to De- Listing, Insolvency, 
Merger Event and Nationalisation, the following 
Extraordinary Events apply to the Notes]: 
(specify each of the following which applies) 
(specify if different from standard set out in Annex 3, 
otherwise may be deleted) 
[Listing Change] 
[Listing Suspension]

--- Page 599 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
599 
 
 
[Illiquidity] 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
(xvi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Equity Linked Conditions] 
[See paragraph [specify] above] [The following 
Additional Disruption Events apply to the Notes]: (specify 
if different from standard set out in Annex 3, otherwise 
may be deleted) 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[Failure to Deliver: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share] is [specify]](Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable) 
38. 
ETF Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph [21 
above] will also apply for ETF Linked Redemption unless 
specified otherwise in this paragraph [38]] [- for purposes 
of determining if an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
has occurred][- for all purposes apart from determining if 
an Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred] [Not 
applicable] 
(i) 
[ETF(s)]/[Basket of ETFs]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
[above][below]] [Insert table]  
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the ETF Linked Conditions]]

--- Page 600 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
600 
 
 
(ii) 
ISIN of ETF Share(s): 
[specify] (may be deleted if shown on the screen page) 
(iii) 
Screen Page: 
[specify]  
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [Not applicable] 
(specify if different from standard set out in Annex 4, 
otherwise may be deleted) 
(v) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify][All Exchanges][Not applicable] (specify if 
different from “All Exchanges” standard set out in Annex 
4, otherwise may be deleted) 
(vi) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable][See table [above][below] 
(vii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the [Notes]. [The 
Averaging 
Dates 
are 
[specify].] 
[See 
table 
[above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
(viii) 
Redemption Valuation Date(s)/ 
Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]]  
(ix) 
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify] As per ETF Linked 
Condition 6] 
(x) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][see table above][below]] 
(xi) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETF Shares Basis] [Per ETF Share Basis] [Single 
ETF Share Basis] [Cross Asset Basis]] (may be deleted in 
case of a single ETF Share or in case of a Basket of ETF 
Shares where All ETF Shares Basis applies) 
(xii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[[All ETF Shares Basis] [Per ETF Share Basis] [Single 
ETF Share Basis] [Cross Asset Basis]] (may be deleted in 
case of a single ETF Share or in case of a Basket of ETF 
Shares where All ETF Shares Basis applies) 
(xiii) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify][eight][Scheduled 
Trading 
Days][Not 
applicable] 
(may be deleted if eight applies) 
(xiv) 
Extraordinary ETF Events: 
[As set out in ETF Linked Condition 2(b)] [specify]] 
(specify if different from standard set out in Annex 4, 
otherwise may be deleted) 
(xv) 
Additional Extraordinary ETF 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the ETF Linked Conditions] [The 
following Additional Disruption Events apply to the 
Notes]: (specify if different from standard set out in Annex 
4, otherwise may be deleted)

--- Page 601 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
601 
 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [specify] per cent.] 
 
[Failure to Deliver: Not applicable] 
 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]] (Only 
applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable) 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETF Share] is [specify]](Only 
applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable) 
 
[Tender Offer: Not applicable] 
39. 
Fund Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph [22 
above] will also apply for Fund Linked Redemption 
unless specified otherwise in this paragraph [39]] [Not 
applicable] 
(i) 
Fund(s)/Fund Basket: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [See table [above][below]] 
[Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description][(see paragraph 
[specify])](repeat as necessary) 
 
[The NAV per Fund Share will be published on [specify]] 
 
[Weighting: [[Not applicable]] [[specify]] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Fund Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Fund Shares: 
[specify] [See table [above][below]] [a unit of the relevant 
Fund] 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][See table [above][below] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a [Fund Non-
Valuation 
Date][Omission][Postponement][Modified 
Postponement] will apply]

--- Page 602 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
602 
 
 
(iv) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][see table above][below]] 
(v) 
Redemption Valuation Date(s)/ 
Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
Fund Business Day: 
[specify][(All Fund Share Basis)][(Per Fund Share 
Basis)][(Single Fund Share Basis)] [As per the Fund 
Linked Conditions] 
(vii) 
Initial Calculation Dates: 
 
(a) 
Initial 
Calculation 
Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Initial 
Calculation 
Period: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(c) 
Initial 
Calculation 
Days: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ix) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(x) 
Extraordinary Events: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 1] [specify] 
(a) 
NAV Barrier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
NAV Trigger 
Percentage: 
[specify][As 
per 
the 
Fund 
Linked 
Condition 
6][specify][Not applicable] 
(c) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[As per the Fund Linked Conditions][specify] 
(d) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify][As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6] [Not 
applicable] 
(e) 
Number of NAV 
Publication Days: 
[specify] [As set out in Fund Linked Condition 6][Not 
applicable] 
(xi) 
Additional Extraordinary Fund 
Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Fund Linked Conditions][The 
following Additional Extraordinary Fund Events apply to 
the Notes]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Delayed Payment Cut-off Date: 
[As set out in Fund Linked Condition 3][specify][Not 
applicable] 
40. 
Inflation Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph [23 
above] will also apply for Inflation Linked Redemption

--- Page 603 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
603 
 
 
unless specified otherwise in this paragraph [40]] [Not 
applicable] 
(i) 
[Index][Indices]: 
[specify] [Reference Item[s][(k)]] 
(ii) 
Screen page/Exchange/CODE: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[specify] 
(iv) 
Related Bond: 
[specify][Fallback Bond][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Reference Month: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Initial Relevant Level: 
[specify][Not applicable] [The Interpolated Relevant 
Level between [specify relevant month] and [specify 
relevant month]]  
(viii) 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(ix) 
Revision of Index Level: 
[Revision][No Revision] 
(x) 
Interpolation: 
[specify] [Applicable][Not applicable] 
(xi) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[Not 
applicable][As 
per 
the 
Inflation 
Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes]: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
41. 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked 
Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph [24 
above] will also apply for Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Redemption unless specified otherwise in this 
paragraph [41]] [Not applicable] 
(i) 
Base Currency: 
[specify][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] 
(ii) 
Subject Currency/Currencies: 
[specify][For Reference Item[(k)]: [insert]] [and EM 
Foreign Exchange Rate Provisions apply to such Subject 
Currency] 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]: 
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable] 
(iv) 
Averaging: 
[Not applicable][Averaging [applies] to the Notes]. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] [See paragraph [specify] 
above][see table below] 
(v) 
[Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)][Redemption Valuation 
Period(s)]: 
[specify][Not applicable]

--- Page 604 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
604 
 
 
(vi) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation Period]: 
[specify][Not applicable][See table above] 
(vii) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions do not apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]]][Not applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(b) 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Not applicable] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where Non-
EM Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to 
more than one such Subject Currency and different 
Disruption Events (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(e) 
[Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption:] 
[specify][Five][Scheduled Trading Days][Not applicable] 
(viii) 
Provisions applicable where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Provisions apply: 
[Applicable [in respect of[specify Subject Currencies to 
which these provisions apply where there is a 
Basket]][Not applicable] 
(Where applicable for more than one Subject Currency, 
complete as relevant for each such Subject Currency) 
(a) 
Provisions applicable 
to 
determining 
the 
Settlement Price: 
For the purpose of the definition of Settlement Price in 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Linked Security Condition 
6 [and [specify the relevant Subject Currency where more 
than one Subject Currency]: 
EM FX Price Source: [specify]  
EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
(b) 
EM Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption]

--- Page 605 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
605 
 
 
[Illiquidity Disruption] 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Material Change in Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality, where: 
EM Price Materiality Percentage: [specify][3] 
per cent. 
EM Primary Rate: [specify][The rate determined 
as set out in the definition of Settlement Price] 
EM Secondary Rate: [specify][[EM First 
Fallback Reference Price [and]][EM Second 
Fallback Reference Price]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Events (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(c) 
EM 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
[EM Calculation Agent Determination] 
[EM First Fallback Reference Price, where: 
First Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
First Fallback EM Number of Settlement Days: 
[specify]] 
[EM Second Fallback Reference Price, where: 
Second Fallback EM FX Price Source: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Valuation Time: [specify] 
Second Fallback EM Number of Settlement 
Days: [specify]] 
[EM Valuation Postponement] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto)

--- Page 606 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
606 
 
 
(d) 
EM Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[specify] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(e) 
Cumulative Events: 
[Not 
applicable][Applicable 
and 
EM 
Maximum 
Cumulative Days of Postponement means [specify]] 
(Specify in respect of each Subject Currency where EM 
Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate Provisions apply to more 
than one such Subject Currency and different EM 
Disruption Fallbacks (or components thereof) also apply 
thereto) 
(f) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Settlement Days: 
[Two][Zero][specify other][Business Days][where SER 
Settlement Day Centre(s) means [specify]] 
(g) 
EM 
Number 
of 
Postponement 
Settlement Days: 
[[Two][specify]] [Business Days][Settlement Days] 
[specify] 
(ix) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Not applicable][As per the Foreign Exchange (FX) Rate 
Linked Conditions] [The following Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the [Notes]:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Trade Date means [specify]] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
(insert where Change in Law does not apply) 
(x) 
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
42. 
Reference 
Item 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph [25 
above] will also apply for Reference Item Rate Linked 
Redemption unless specified otherwise in this paragraph 
[42]] [Not applicable] 
 
[The [Floating][Fixed] Rate Security Provisions shall 
apply for the purpose of determining the Reference Item 
Rate on the basis of elections in this paragraph.] 
(If more than one Reference Rate is to be determined, 
include the following language: "Reference Rate [specify] 
is as follows:" and repeat items (i) to (vi) below for each 
such Reference Item Rate)

--- Page 607 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
607 
 
 
(i) 
Screen-Rate Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(a) 
Reference Item Rate: 
[specify 
period][month][year][EURIBOR] 
[SONIA] 
[SOFR] [€STR] [CMS Rate with a Designated Maturity 
of [insert years]][specify Government Bond Yield 
Rate][specify TEC Rate][ with a Designated Maturity of 
[insert years]] 
(b) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
(e.g. the second day on which the T2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR). Where 
the Rate of Interest is being used other than for a Floating 
Rate Security, ensure that this is not specified in respect 
of an Interest Period and the relevant Range Accrual Day 
may be specified where relevant for Range Accrual Notes 
(c) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) 
(d) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(In the case of EURIBOR if not Reuters EURIBOR01) 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(a) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(b) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[specify] 
(d) 
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
(iii) 
Reference Spread: 
[Reference Item Rate 1 minus Reference Item Rate 2 [Not 
applicable] [See paragraph [specify][above][below] 
(iv) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(v) 
Range Accrual Cut-Off Date: 
[specify][See paragraph [specify][above][below] 
(vi) 
Business Days: 
As used in this item and for the purpose of determining 
the Reference Item Rate only, "Business Day" means [a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in [specify] [A TARGET Settlement 
Day][Reference Rate Business Day (as defined in General 
Condition 4(b)(iv)(2)][a "U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day", being any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be

--- Page 608 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
608 
 
 
closed for the entire day for the purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities.][specify] 
43. 
Bond Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][- terms specified under paragraph 26 above 
will also apply for Bond Linked Redemption unless 
specified otherwise in this paragraph 43] [Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph. If the relevant item from the sub-
paragraphs below has already been specified under 
paragraph 26 above, delete the corresponding sub-
pagraph of this paragraph)  
(i) 
Bond: 
[The following Reference Item [(k)] will apply:] [Not 
applicable] [See table [above] [below]] [Insert table] 
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant 
details of where investors can obtain information about 
the Bond][(see paragraph [specify])](repeat as necessary) 
(ii) 
Bond Issuer: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
Bond Nominal Amount: 
[specify][See 
table 
[above][below]] 
(N.B. 
specify 
minimum denomination of the relevant bond) 
(iv) 
Bond Maturity Date: 
[specify][See table [above][below]] 
(v) 
Screen Page:  
[specify][Not applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(vi) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days] [Strike Level]:  
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(vii) 
Settlement Price: 
[As per Bond Linked Condition 10] [specify] 
(viii) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]]  
(ix) 
Valuation Time:  
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify [As per the Bond Linked 
Conditions] 
(x) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation Period]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above] [below]] 
(xi) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[As per Bond Linked Condition 10][specify] 
44. 
Custom Index Linked Redemption: 
[Applicable][- terms specified under paragraph 27 above 
will also apply for Custom Index Linked Redemption 
unless specified otherwise in this paragraph 44] [Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph. If the relevant item from the sub-
paragraphs below has already been specified under 
paragraph 27 above, delete the corresponding sub-
pagraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 609 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
609 
 
 
(i) 
[Custom 
Index][Basket 
of 
Custom Indices]: 
[The following Reference Item(s)[(k)] [(from [k] = 1 to 
[[k][specify])] will apply:] [Not applicable] [See table 
below] [Insert table]  
[For [k]=1][specify][insert description and, if relevant, 
details of where investors can obtain information about 
the Custom Index](repeat as necessary) 
[Weighting: [Not applicable] [[specify] [Each such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Custom Index Linked Conditions]] 
(ii) 
Index Sponsor:  
[the relevant Index Sponsor is [specify]] 
[See table [above][below]] 
(iii) 
[Strike Date] [Strike Period and 
Strike Days]:  
[specify][Not applicable] [specify applicable Strike Days 
in the period if applicable] [See table [above][below]] 
(iv) 
Averaging:  
[Not 
applicable][Averaging 
[applies] 
to 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates]]. [The Averaging Dates are 
[specify].][See table [above][below]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission][Postponement][Modified Postponement] will 
apply] 
(v) 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] [See table [above] [below]]  
(vi) 
Valuation Time:  
[Scheduled Closing Time][Any time [on the relevant 
Redemption Valuation Date][during the Redemption 
Valuation Period]] [[specify [As per the Custom Index 
Linked Conditions] 
(vii) 
[Observation 
Date(s)][Observation Period]:  
[specify][Not applicable][See table [above] [below]] 
(viii) 
Custom Index Business Day: 
[(All Custom Indices Basis)][(Per Custom Index 
Basis)][(Single Custom Index Basis)] 
(ix) 
Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[(All Custom Indices Basis)][(Per Custom Index 
Basis)][(Single Custom Index Basis)] 
(x) 
Custom 
Index 
Correction 
Period: 
[As set out in Custom Index Linked Condition 7][specify] 
(xi) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption:  
[specify][eight][Scheduled 
Custom 
Index 
Business 
Days][Not applicable] 
(xii) 
Additional Disruption Events:  
[Not applicable][As per the Custom Index Linked 
Conditions][The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the [Notes]/[Certificates]:] 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies)  
 
[Hedging Disruption]

--- Page 610 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
610 
 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Component Borrow]  
 
[Loss of Component Borrow] 
[Change in Law: Not applicable] 
[Hedging Disruption: Not applicable] 
 
[The Maximum Component Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify] is [specify] (only applicable if Loss of 
Component Borrow is applicable)] 
 
[The Initial Component Loan rate in respect of [specify] 
is [specify]] (N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Component Borrow is applicable) 
45. 
Combination Redemption: 
[Applicable] [- terms specified under paragraph [28 
above] will also apply for Combination Redemption 
unless specified otherwise in this paragraph [45]] [Not 
applicable] 
 
(Applicable in relation to Reference Item Notes linked to 
a combination of types of Reference Items) 
 
(If 
applicable, 
complete 
relevant 
prompts 
from 
paragraphs [36] to [44] above)  
46. 
Provisions applicable to Instalment 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(i) 
Instalment Amounts: 
[specify] [per Calculation Amount] 
[(a) 
Calculation Amount * Instalment Factor * 
Instalment Payout] 
(b) 
[Instalment Payout: Insert relevant redemption 
formula from payout annex] 
(c) 
[Instalment Factor: means [specify]] (repeat as 
necessary) 
(ii) 
Instalment Dates: 
[specify] 
47. 
Payment Disruption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
48. 
Renminbi Currency Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
[EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND UNITED KINGDOM 
[The Notes are not intended to be offered to any EEA retail investor in the EEA or any UK retail investor in the 
UK. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any EEA retail investor may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. In addition, no key information

--- Page 611 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
611 
 
 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (as amended, the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any UK retail investor may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPS Regulation. ] [The Notes are not intended to be offered, distributed or sold to 
any investor in [the European Economic Area ("EEA")] [or] [the United Kingdom ("UK")], and no person may 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Listing Particulars as completed by this Pricing Supplement to any investor in [the EEA] [or] [the UK].]5 
[Neither the Issuer nor the Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any 
other circumstances.]6 
49. 
Form of Notes: 
Registered Notes: 
 
3(a)(2) Global Security [specify nominal amount] 
registered in the name of a nominee for [DTC][a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
50. 
Governing Law of the Notes: 
[New York Law] / [English Law] 
51. 
(i) 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not applicable][give details](Note that this paragraph 
relates to the place of payment and not interest period end 
dates. All relevant Financial Centre(s) (including the 
location of the relevant agent(s)) should be included other 
than Target) 
(ii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not applicable] [specify]  
52. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes as the Notes have more than 27 Coupon payments, 
Talons may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 Coupons are still to be made][Not 
applicable] 
53. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not applicable][The provisions in General Condition 8 
apply] 
[Only applicable for Notes denominated in European 
currency except for Euro] 
54. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" should be 
specified) 
55. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, "Not applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
5  
Insert where the Notes are going to be sold only outside the EEA and the UK. 
6  
Insert where no public offer (in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation) is intended in EEA and the UK.

--- Page 612 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
612 
 
 
56. 
Sales outside EEA and UK only: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
57. 
[Additional Selling Restrictions]7 
[The Notes are not intended to be offered, distributed or 
otherwise made available to any investor classified as 
retail investor in the jurisdiction where the Notes are to be 
offered or otherwise made available][give details] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By:   ________________________ 
By:   ________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
 
 
 
 
7  
Delete if there a no Additional Selling Restrictions

--- Page 613 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
613 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
[Application [has been made][will  be made] [by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf)] for the Notes to be listed and admitted to 
trading on [Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange] 
with effect from [the Issue Date] [specify other]]. (insert 
specific language required by Stock Exchange/Listing 
Authority) 
2. 
Ratings 
[The Notes have not been rated.] [The Notes to be issued 
[[have 
been][are 
expected 
to 
be]] 
rated:] 
[S&P 
Global:*[specify]] 
[Moody's:*[specify]] 
[Other*]: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
(Description of any interest, including conflicting interest that is material to the issue/offer, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. This may be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement:) 
[Save for any fee paid to the Dealer (if applicable, such fee shall be as set out below) [and/or any fee 
or other inducement paid to the distributor (if any)], so far as the Issuer is aware no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. [For specific and detailed information on 
the nature and quantity of the fee or inducement paid to the distributor (if any) the investor should 
contact the distributor.][specify] 
Dealer commission: [specify]/[No] 
4. 
Estimated net proceeds [and Plan of 
Distribution]: 
[specify] [[specify]will act as placement agents for the notes. 
The placement agents will forego fees for sales to fiduciary 
accounts. The total fees represent the amount that the 
placement agents receive from sales to accounts other than 
such fiduciary accounts. The placement agents will receive 
a fee from [BBVA Securities Inc.] [or one of the Group’s 
affiliates] that will not exceed $[specify] per [$1,000] 
principal amount of notes.][specify][ 
 
 
 
 
Price to 
Public 
Fees and 
Commissions 
Estimated 
Net Proceeds 
 
Per 
Note 
 
 
 
 
Total 
 
 
 
 
][include operational information, if required] 
5. 
Operational Information 
 
(i) 
Delivery: 
[Delivery [against][free of] payment] 
(ii) 
Principal Paying Agent: 
[Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch][specify] 
(iii) 
Registrar: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon] [specify] 
(iv) 
Transfer Agent: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon][specify]

--- Page 614 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
614 
 
 
(v) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A]. [specify] 
(vi) 
U.S. Paying Agent (if any): 
[The Bank of New York Mellon] [specify][Not applicable] 
(vii) 
Issuer's LEI: 
Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
("LEI"): 
7245002K0ECNIA1YTU43 ] 
6. 
Distribution 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated] (if non-syndicated delete 
paragraph] 
[If syndicated, names [and addresses] 
of 
Managers 
[and 
underwriting 
commitments/quotas 
(material 
features): 
[Not applicable][give names [and addresses] of each entity 
acting as underwriter [and its respective underwriting 
commitments]] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and names 
and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the issue 
without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers. Where not 
all of the issue is underwritten, please include information 
about portion not covered)] 
[Date/Description 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[insert details][Not applicable]] 
[Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable][give name]] 
[If non-syndicated, name [and address] 
of relevant Dealer: 
[Not applicable][give name [and address]] 
 
[No underwriting commitment is undertaken by the 
Distributor.]] 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
The Notes and the guarantee thereof will be offered 
pursuant to an exemption from registration provided by 
Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The [Notes] and the 
guarantee thereof are not required to be, and have not been, 
registered under the Securities Act or with any 
governmental authority. 
U.S. 
"Original 
Issue 
Discount" 
Legend: 
[Not applicable] [FOR PURPOSES OF ORIGINAL ISSUE 
DISCOUNT RULES UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, THIS NOTE 
HAS ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT OF 
[currency][amount] PER EACH [currency][amount] OF 
NOMINAL AMOUNT OF THIS NOTE; THE ISSUE 
PRICE OF THIS NOTE IS 
[currency][amount]; THE ISSUE DATE IS [date]; AND 
THE YIELD TO MATURITY (COMPOUNDED [semi-
annually]) IS [yield].] 
 
(include the preceding legend if the Securities are to be 
issued pursuant to Rule 144A or Section 3(a)(2) with an

--- Page 615 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
615 
 
 
"original issue discount" for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes). 
[The Issuer is only offering to and selling to the Dealer(s) pursuant to and in accordance with the terms 
of the [Programme Agreement]. All sales to persons other than the Dealer(s) will be made by the 
Dealer(s) or persons to whom they sell, and/or otherwise make arrangements with, including the 
Financial Intermediaries. The Issuer shall not be liable for any offers, sales or purchase of Notes by 
the Dealer(s) or Financial Intermediaries in accordance with the arrangements in place between any 
such Dealer or any such Financial Intermediary and its customers.] 
7. 
[Investment Timeline – Include overview of the investment timeline]  
8. 
[Information relating to the Reference Item(s) 
 
(included a brief description of the Reference Item(s) and if a Reference Item is an Index, its 
corresponding composition method)] 
9. 
U.S. Taxation 
[Include relevant U.S. tax disclosure][We intend to treat the Notes as [INSERT RELEVANT TAX 
TREATMENT] for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For a discussion of certain U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of holding and disposing of the Notes, a U.S. Holder (as defined in the Base Listing 
Particulars) should review carefully the sections entitled "Taxation—United States Federal 
Taxation—Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders—[INSERT RELEVANT CROSS REFERENCE(S)]" 
and "Taxation—United States Federal Taxation—Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders—General 
Considerations for U.S. Holders" in the Base Listing Particulars. A Non-U.S. Holder (as defined in 
the Base Listing Particulars) should review carefully the section entitled "Taxation—United States 
Federal Taxation—Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders" in the Base Listing Particulars.] 
[The comparable yield and projected payment schedule with respect to a Note can be obtained by 
contacting [BBVA] at [INSERT EMAIL ADDRESS AND/OR PHONE NUMBER]]8 
[Based on the treatment set forth under "Taxation—United States Federal Taxation—Tax 
Consequences to U.S. Holders— Securities Treated as Put Rights and Deposits," we have determined 
that the Yield on the Deposit is [XXXX] per cent. per annum, paid [monthly], and the remaining 
portion of the coupon payments on the Notesis attributable to the Put Premium.]9 
[specify][We have not obtained any tax opinion regarding the treatment of the Notes for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes and there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service or a court will 
agree with our intended treatment. References in "Taxation—United States Federal Taxation" 
regarding how the Notes "should" be treated assume that our intended treatment is respected, and 
should not be read to imply a particular level of comfort regarding the intended tax treatment. U.S. 
and non-U.S. investors should consult their tax advisers regarding all aspects of the U.S. federal, state, 
local and non-U.S. tax consequences of an investment in the Notes (including possible alternative 
treatments).] 
[The U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Securities are complex. 
Additionally, for certain Securities, there are no direct legal authorities as to the proper treatment of 
the Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and, therefore, significant aspects of the U.S. 
federal income tax treatment of such Securities are uncertain. Please read the discussion under 
"Taxation—United States Federal Taxation." Investors should consult their tax advisers on the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Securities.] 
10. 
[Hypothetical Examples] 
 
8  
Include only for 3(a)(2) Notes that are Contingent Payment Securities and Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Securities. 
9  
Include only for 3(a)(2) Notes that are non-principal protected Securities that pay fixed coupons and do not provide for upside.

--- Page 616 ---
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR 3(A)(2) NOTES 
 
 
616 
 
 
[Insert examples to illustrate the hypothetical payments for a number of scenarios]  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11. 
[Selected Risk Considerations] 
[The Notes are subject to risks generally associated with an investment in conventional debt securities 
and are senior unsecured obligations of the Issuer. Any payments to be made on the Notes depend on 
the ability of the Issuer and Guarantor to satisfy its obligations as they come due. Investors are subject 
to the credit risk, and to changes in the market's view of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, and in the event the Issuer or Guarantor were to default on its obligation, an investor may 
not receive any amounts owed to it under the terms of the Notes. The credit ratings of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor are an assessment of their ability to pay their obligations, including those on the Notes. 
Consequently, any actual or anticipated declines in our credit ratings or increase in the credit spreads 
charged by the market for taking our credit risk is likely to adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Additionally, the Notes also involve risks not associated with an investment in conventional debt 
securities. This section selects and adapts the most significant risks relating to the terms of the Notes. 
These risks are explained in more detail and other important risks are described in the "Risk Factors'' 
beginning on page [specify] of the Base Listing Particulars. 
We urge you to read the section “Risk Factors'' of the Base Listing Particulars.][Specify] [Include 
relevant Risk Factors]  
12. 
[Supplemental Plan of Distribution (“Conflicts of Interest”)]

--- Page 617 ---
FORM OF FUNGIBLE TRANCHE PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT 
[NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] (BEARER FORM) 
 
 
 
 
 
617 
 
 
FORM OF FUNGIBLE TRANCHE PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT 
[NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] (BEARER FORM) 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement for Exempt Securities which may be completed for each Fungible 
Tranche of Bearer Securities issued under the Programme.1 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 FOR 
THE ISSUE OF THE [NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] DESCRIBED BELOW 
[Date] 
[BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated 
under Dutch law with its seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but its tax residency in Spain) 
(as "Issuer") 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 213800L2COK1WB5Q3Z55]2 
[BBVA GLOBAL SECURITIES B.V. 
(a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated 
under Dutch law with its seat in Amsterdam, the Netherlands but its tax residency in Spain) 
(as "Issuer") 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 7245002K0ECNIA1YTU43]3 
Issue of [Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of [Notes]/[Certificates]] (this "Tranche of [Notes]/[Certificates]" 
or the "[Notes]/[Certificates]") to be consolidated, become fungible and for a single series with [Nominal 
Amount of Series] [Title of Notes/Certificates] [ISIN Code:] (the "Original [Notes]/[Certificates]") 
under the €10,000,000,000 
 Structured Medium Term Securities Programme 
guaranteed by 
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.  
(incorporated with limited liability in Spain) 
(as "Guarantor") 
This pricing supplement (the "Fungible Tranche Pricing Supplement") has been prepared for the issuance of 
[Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of [Notes]/[Certificates]] which are to be consolidated, become fungible 
with and form a single Series with the Original [Notes]/[Certificates]. 
The Pricing Supplement for the first tranche of the Original [Notes]/[Certificates] (the "Tranche 1 
[Notes]/[Certificates]") annexed hereto shall apply to this Tranche of [Notes]/[Certificates] as if it were set out 
in full herein, including, for the avoidance of any doubt, all legends, restrictions and other information set out 
therein which do not form a part of the contractual terms, subject to the amendments thereto that are set out in 
sections 'Part A – Tranche Specific Contractual Terms' and 'Part B – Other Tranche Specific Information' of this 
Fungible Tranche Pricing Supplement (the "Tranche Specific Terms"). 
The Tranche Specific Terms hereby amend and replace the equivalent terms in 'Part A – Contractual Terms' and 
'Part B – Other Information' respectively in the Pricing Supplement of the Tranche 1 [Notes]/[Certificates] which 
are otherwise incorporated herein for the purposes of this Tranche of [Notes]/[Certificates]; and in the event of 
any inconsistency between this Fungible Tranche Pricing Supplement and the Pricing Supplement for the Tranche 
1[Notes]/[Certificates], the provisions of this Fungible Tranche Pricing Supplemental shall override such 
inconsistent provisions of the Pricing Supplement for the Tranche 1 [Notes]/[Certificates]. 
 
1 
Delete when completing the fungible tranche Pricing Supplement for further issuances of Exempt Securitas in bearer form. 
2 
Insert for Notes issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
3 
Insert for Notes issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V.

--- Page 618 ---
FORM OF FUNGIBLE TRANCHE PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT 
[NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] (BEARER FORM) 
 
 
618 
 
 
PART A – TRANCHE SPECIFIC CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This Fungible Tranche Pricing Supplement constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Tranche of 
[Notes]/[Certificates] described herein. This document must be read in conjunction with the Base Listing 
Particulars dated [⚫] 2024 [ as supplemented by the supplement dated [specify]] (the "Base Listing Particulars"). 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the [Notes]/[Certificates] is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Fungible Tranche Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars. Copies of 
the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented] have been published on the website of the Guarantor 
[(https://www.bbva.com/en/)]/[specify hyperlink] and the exchange where the [Notes]/[Certificates] are admitted 
to listing and trading. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the General Conditions of the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] (and, together with the applicable Annex(es), the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Listing 
Particulars. All references in the Base Prospectus and the General Conditions to the [Notes]/[Certificates] shall 
mean the [Notes]/[Certificates]. 
 
1. 
(i) 
Tranche Number: 
[specify] (delete if Tranche 1) 
(ii) 
Date 
of 
which 
the 
[Notes]/[Certificates] will be 
consolidated and form a 
Single Series: 
The [Notes]/[Certificates] will be consolidated, become 
fungible and form a single series with the Original 
[Notes]/[Certificates] on [the Tranche Issue Date][exchange 
of the Temporary Global Security for interests in the 
Permanent Global Security, as referred to in paragraph [5] 
below, which is expected to occur on or about [date] (the 
"Consolidation Date")] 
2. 
[Aggregate] Nominal Amount: 
[specify] 
Tranche: 
[specify] (delete if Tranche 1) 
 
 
3. 
Issue Price: 
[specify] per cent. of the [Aggregate] Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche 
4. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[specify] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify] 
[No interest shall be payable in respect of any period prior to 
the Interest Commencement Date]4   
(iii) 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
5. 
Form of [Notes]/[Certificates]: 
Bearer [Notes]/[Certificates]: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Security exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Security which is exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer [Notes]/[Certificates] only upon an 
Exchange Event excluding the exchange event described in 
paragraph (iii) of the definition in the Permanent Global 
Security] 
[Permanent Bearer Global Security exchangeable for 
definitive Bearer [Notes]/[Certificates] only upon an 
Exchange Event [including/excluding] the exchange event 
 
 
4  
To include where the Pricing Supplement for the Tranche 1 Notes lists historic Interest Payment Dates.

--- Page 619 ---
FORM OF FUNGIBLE TRANCHE PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT 
[NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] (BEARER FORM) 
 
 
619 
 
 
described in paragraph (iii) of the definition in the Permanent 
Global Security] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
By:   _________________________ 
By:   _________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 620 ---
FORM OF FUNGIBLE TRANCHE PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT 
[NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] (BEARER FORM) 
 
 
620 
 
 
PART B – OTHER TRANCHE SPECIFIC INFORMATION 
 
1. 
Listing and Admission to trading 
Application [has been made][will  be made] by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Tranche of [Notes]/[Certificates] to be 
listed on [the official list of] [Vienna MTF of the Vienna 
Stock Exchange] [specify] [and] [admitted to trading on 
[Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange] [specify] with 
effect from [the Tranche Issue Date] [specify]. 
2. 
Estimated Net Proceeds 
[specify] 
(Includes a Dealer Commission of [specify] per cent (fee paid 
to a distributor) 
3. 
Operational Information 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[specify] [up to and excluding the Consolidation Date and 
from, and including, the Consolidation Date [specify]] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[specify] [up to and excluding the Consolidation Date and 
from, and including, the Consolidation Date [specify]] 
(iii) 
Other Code(s): 
[specify] [up to and excluding the Consolidation Date and 
from, and including, the Consolidation Date [specify]][Not 
applicable] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
[Delivery [against][free of] payment]

--- Page 621 ---
FORM OF FUNGIBLE TRANCHE PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR EXEMPT 
[NOTES]/[CERTIFICATES] (BEARER FORM) 
 
 
621 
 
 
ANNEX 
(Insert the Pricing Supplement for the Tranche 1 Notes together with any additional tranches thereof)

--- Page 622 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
 
 
 
622 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Securities will be fully and permanently invested in the Guarantor 
and will be applied by the Guarantor: 
(i) 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, for the general corporate purposes of the Group; 
or 
(ii) 
where the applicable Issue Terms state that the securities shall have the condition of "Green Securities", 
"Social Securities" or "Sustainability Securities", the net proceeds will be used by the Guarantor to 
finance, refinance or invest in, in whole or in part,: 
(a) 
"Green Projects" as described in this "Use of Proceeds" section, in which case the relevant 
Securities will be identified as "Green Securities" in the applicable Issue Terms ("Green 
Securities"); 
(b) 
"Social Projects" as described in this "Use of Proceeds" section, in which case the relevant 
Securities will be identified as "Social Securities" in the applicable Issue Terms ("Social 
Securities"); 
(c) 
a combination of "Green Projects" or "Social Projects", in which case the relevant Securities 
will be identified as " Sustainability Securities" in the applicable Issue Terms ("Sustainability 
Securities"); 
Hereinafter, Green Securities, Social Securities and Sustainability Securities, respectively, and, together, 
"Sustainable Securities". 
For any Sustainable Securities, an amount equal to the net proceeds from each issue of Sustainable Securities will 
be allocated by the Guarantor in financing or refinancing, in part or in full, on a portfolio basis, new and/or existing 
Green Projects and/or Social Projects (each as defined below and further described in the Guarantor's Sustainable 
Debt Financing Framework) (together, the "Eligible Projects"), all in accordance with the Sustainable Debt 
Financing Framework. In the case of Green Securities, such financing or refinancing shall be exclusively of new 
and/or existing Green Projects, in part or in full, in the case of Social Securities, such financing or refinancing 
shall be exclusively of new and/or existing Social Projects, in part or in full, and, in the case of Sustainability 
Securities, such financing or refinancing shall be exclusively of new and/or existing Green Projects and Social 
Projects, in part or in full. 
Eligible Projects include any type of lending within the Guarantor's balance sheet aligned with the specified use 
of proceeds for the Sustainable Securities, including lending to clients whose business activities are fully aligned 
with the "green eligible categories" and/or "social eligible categories" described in the Sustainable Debt Financing 
Framework. 
"Green Projects" means loans, investments and projects falling within any of the "green eligible categories" 
described in the Sustainable Debt Financing Framework of renewable energies, energy efficiency, green buildings, 
clean transport, sustainable water and wastewater management, pollution prevention and control, and 
environmentally sustainable management of living natural resources and land use, each as further described in the 
Sustainable Debt Financing Framework, and, at any time, include any other "green" projects in accordance with 
any update of the ICMA Green Bond Principles at such time. 
The "ICMA Green Bond Principles" means the Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association as updated from time to time, which as of the date of this Base Prospectus are the Green 
Bond 
Principles 
June 
2021 
(along 
with 
June 
2022 
Appendix 
1) 
(https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Sustainable-finance/2022-updates/Green-Bond-Principles_June-
2022-280622.pdf). 
The "Sustainable Debt Financing Framework" means the BBVA Sustainable Debt Financing Framework 
(December 2023) published by the Guarantor on its website (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/02/202312-DEF-BBVA-Sustainable-Debt-Financing-Framework.pdf), 
including 
as 
amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise updated on such website from time to time where so specified.

--- Page 623 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
623 
 
 
"Social Projects" means loans, investments and projects falling within any of the "social eligible categories" 
described in the Sustainable Debt Financing Framework of access to essential services (health and education), 
affordable core infrastructure (telecommunications and mass transit, housing, public works infrastructure, arts 
infrastructure, infrastructure with a social purpose, and social enterprises and foundations), and socioeconomic 
advancement and empowerment (financing for individuals qualifying as vulnerable or on low incomes, support 
for financial inclusion, and entrepreneurship and support for micro-businesses), each as further described in the 
Sustainable Debt Financing Framework, and, at any time, include any other "social" projects in accordance with 
any update of the ICMA Social Bond Principles at such time. 
The "ICMA Social Bond Principles", means the Social Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association as updated from time to time, which as of the date of this Base Prospectus are the Social 
Bond 
Principles 
June 
2021 
(along 
with 
June 
2022 
Appendix 
1) 
(https://www.icmagroup.org/assets/documents/Sustainable-finance/2022-updates/Social-Bond-Principles_June-
2022v3-020822.pdf). 
The proceeds of any Sustainable Securities will not be used to finance excluded and/or prohibited activities within 
the defence, mining, energy, infrastructure and agribusiness sectors as reflected in BBVA's Environmental & 
Social Framework, which may be found on its website (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/sustainability-
and-responsible-banking/principles-and-policies/). 
The Guarantor will endeavour to allocate the full amount of the net proceeds of any Sustainable Securities on-lent 
to it by the Issuer in financing or refinancing the relevant Eligible Projects following the issuance of such 
Sustainable Securities. If this is not possible, pending such allocation, the net proceeds will be applied by the 
Guarantor on the same basis as for the management of its treasury liquidity portfolio. The Guarantor will further 
endeavor to apply a percentage of the net proceeds of any Sustainable Securities to financing Green Projects 
and/or Social Projects, as appropriate, originated in the current year of issue such Sustainable Securities. 
In the event that any Eligible Project to which the net proceeds of any Sustainable Securities are allocated ceases 
to comply with the relevant categories for such Eligible Project to constitute a Green Project or a Social Project, 
as the case may be, the Guarantor will substitute that Eligible Project within the relevant portfolio for a compliant 
Eligible Project on a best efforts basis and when reasonably practicable. 
For so long as any Sustainable Securities remain outstanding, the Guarantor intends to publish an annual report 
(the "Sustainable Report") on its website (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com) including at least the 
following information: 
(i) 
the allocation of the net proceeds from the issue of Green, Social or Sustainability Securities under the 
Sustainable Debt Financing Framework in each "green" or "social" eligible category; 
(ii) 
the portion of such net proceeds used for financing or refinancing purposes; 
(iii) 
the remaining balance of unallocated proceeds from such Green, Social or Sustainability Securities 
and/or cash equivalents; 
(iv) 
an indication of which sustainable development goals apply to such "green" or "social" eligible 
categories; 
(v) 
relevant estimated environmental or social impacts for each relevant "green" or "social" eligible category 
and, if possible, actual impact metrics. Case studies of specific Eligible Projects may be provided to 
illustrate the relevant impact; and 
(vi) 
the calculation methodologies applied by the Guarantor for the calculation of environmental and social 
impacts. 
Terms used above in relation to the intended content of the Sustainable Report have the meanings given to them 
in the Sustainable Debt Financing Framework. 
The Guarantor has obtained an independent verification assessment from DNV GL Business Assurance Services 
Limited in respect of the Sustainable Debt Financing Framework. This independent verification assessment is

--- Page 624 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
624 
 
 
published 
on 
the 
Guarantor's 
website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/02/BBVA-SDF-Framework-20231231-DNV-SPO.pdf). 
The Guarantor further intends to obtain an independent verification assessment from an external verifier for each 
Series of Sustainable Securities it issues and will publish that verification assessment on its website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com). 
In addition, the Guarantor may request, on an annual basis starting one year after the issue of each Series of 
Sustainable Securities and until maturity (or until redemption in full), a limited assurance report on the allocation 
of the net proceeds of those Sustainable Securities to Green Projects and/or Social Projects, as the case may be, 
and the verification of the impact indicators published in the Sustainable Report and that such indicators are 
prepared in accordance with the calculation methodologies included in the Sustainable Report, which may be 
provided by its external auditor or another suitably qualified provider and published on its website 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com). 
Neither the Sustainable Debt Financing Framework, nor any of the above reports, verification assessments or 
contents of any of the above websites are incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 625 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
 
 
 
625 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently in 
effect. The Issuer and the Guarantor take responsibility for the correct extraction and reproduction of the 
information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems, but none of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any Dealer 
takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing 
Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Securities held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer and the Guarantor that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New 
York Banking Law, a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a "clearing 
corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered 
pursuant to Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants ("Participants") deposit 
with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and 
pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Participants' accounts, 
thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include securities 
brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is owned 
by a number of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the NYSE MKT LLC, Inc. and 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as 
securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants"). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "Rules"), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of Registered Securities among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect 
to Securities accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Securities") as described below and 
receives and transmits distributions of principal and interest on DTC Securities. The Rules are on file with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners 
of DTC Securities ("Owners") have accounts with respect to the DTC Securities similarly are required to make 
book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, 
although Owners who hold DTC Securities through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess 
Registered Securities, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which 
Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Securities. 
Purchases of DTC Securities under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Securities on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
DTC Security ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participant's records. 
Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are 
expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of 
their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the 
transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Securities are to be accomplished by entries made on the 
books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates 
representing their ownership interests in DTC Securities, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for 
the DTC Securities is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Securities deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the 
name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co. The deposit of DTC Securities with DTC and their registration 
in the name of Cede & Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual 
Beneficial Owners of the DTC Securities; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to 
whose accounts such DTC Securities are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The 
Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect 
Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by

--- Page 626 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
626 
 
 
arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to 
time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co. If less than all of the DTC Securities within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue 
to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Securities. Under its usual procedures, 
DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns 
Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Securities are 
credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Securities will be made to DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct 
Participants' accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC's 
records unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due date. Payments by Participants 
to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with 
securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name", and will be the 
responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements 
as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, 
disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such 
payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Securities, DTC will exchange 
the DTC Securities for definitive Registered Securities, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance 
with their proportionate entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Security, will be 
legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any 
Owner desiring to pledge DTC Securities to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions with respect to such DTC Securities, will be required to withdraw its Registered Securities from DTC as 
described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account holders. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration, 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established 
depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic 
bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with an account holder of either system. For further information on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
relating to the Securities, please see "Taxation". 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Securities 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Securities represented by a Registered Global 
Security accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Security, 
DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of the 
individual beneficial interests represented by such Registered Global Security to the accounts of persons who have 
accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership 
of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Security will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants, including, in the case of a Regulation S Global Security, the respective depositaries of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Security accepted by DTC 
will be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC

--- Page 627 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
627 
 
 
or its nominee (with respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with 
respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in US dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Security accepted by DTC will 
be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Security. In the case of any payment 
in a currency other than US dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee 
and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment 
for credit directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global Security in the currency in which 
such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into US dollars and credited 
to the applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not 
receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial owners 
of Securities will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held 
for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar or the Issuer. Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, 
on Securities to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer. 
Transfers of Securities Represented by Registered Global Securities 
Transfers of any interests in Securities represented by a Registered Global Security within DTC, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of 
the relevant clearing system. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take 
physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Securities represented by a 
Registered Global Security to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Securities for Securities 
in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who 
in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Securities represented by 
a Registered Global Security accepted by DTC to pledge such Securities to persons or entities that do not 
participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Securities may depend upon the ability 
to exchange such Securities for Securities in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Securities represented 
by a Registered Global Security accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Securities may be 
impaired if the proposed transferee of such Securities is not eligible to hold such Securities through a direct or 
indirect participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Securities described under 
"Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one 
hand, and directly or indirectly through Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will 
be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, 
the Principal Paying Agent and any custodian ("Custodian") with whom the relevant Registered Global Securities 
have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Securities of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear will generally have a settlement date two business days after the trade 
date (T+2) and transfers of Securities of such Series between participants in DTC will generally have a settlement 
date one business day after the trade date (T+1). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will 
apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC participants 
will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link 
between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests 
in the relevant Registered Global Securities will be effected through the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and 
the Custodian receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for 
delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee. In the case of 
cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC 
participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery 
basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Securities among participants and accountholders

--- Page 628 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
628 
 
 
of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear. However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue 
to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Securities 
represented by Registered Global Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial interests. 
Euroclear UK & International Limited 
Following their delivery into a clearing system, interests in Securities may be delivered, held and settled in 
Euroclear UK & International Limited ("CREST") by means of the creation of dematerialised depository interests 
("CREST Depository Interests") representing the interests in the relevant Securities ("Underlying Securities"). 
The CREST Depository Interests will be issued by CREST Depository Limited or any successor thereto (the 
"CREST Depository") to holders of the CREST Depository Interests and will be constituted and governed by 
English law. CREST International Nominees Limited or another entity appointed to act as nominee in accordance 
with the CREST Deed Poll (as defined below) (the "CREST Nominee") will hold the legal title to the Underlying 
Securities and the direct enforcement right in respect of the Underlying Securities. 
The CREST Depository Interests will represent indirect interests in the interest of the CREST Nominee in the 
Underlying Securities. Pursuant to the documents setting out the legal relationship of CREST with its users and 
participants (the "CREST Manual"), Securities held in global form by the common depositary may be settled 
through CREST, and the CREST Depository will issue CREST Depository Interests. The CREST Depository 
Interests will be independent securities which may be held and transferred through CREST. 
Interests in the Underlying Securities will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and the 
CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CREST 
Depository Interests to the relevant CREST participants. 
Each CREST Depository Interest will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were one Underlying Security, 
for the purposes of determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect thereof. The CREST 
Depository will pass on to holders of CREST Depository Interests any interest or other amounts received by it as 
holder of the Underlying Securities on trust for such holder. Holders of CREST Depository Interests will also be 
able to receive from CREST notices of meetings of holders of Underlying Securities and other relevant notices 
issued by the Issuer. 
Transfers of interests in Underlying Securities by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be affected by cancellation of the CREST Depository Interests and transfer of an 
interest in such Securities underlying the CREST Depository Interests to the account of the relevant participant 
with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. The CREST Depository Interests will have the same International 
Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") as the ISIN of the Underlying Securities and will not require a separate 
listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin or the Official List of the United Kingdom Listing Authority. 
Holders of CREST Depository Interests are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST International Manual (as 
contained in the CREST Manual) which contains the form of the CREST Deed Poll to be entered into by the 
CREST Depository (the "CREST Deed Poll"). The rights of the holder of CREST Depository Interests will be 
governed by the arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuer including 
the CREST Deed Poll executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may be different from those of holders 
of Securities which are not represented by CREST Depository Interests. 
If issued, CREST Depository Interests will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST 
International Settlement Links Service (the "CREST International Settlement Links Service"). The settlement 
of the CREST Depository Interests by means of the CREST International Settlement Links Service has the 
following consequences for holders of CREST Depository Interests: 
(i) 
holders of CREST Depository Interests will not be the legal owners of the Underlying Securities. The 
CREST Depository Interests are separate legal instruments from the Underlying Securities to which they 
relate and represent an indirect interest in such Underlying Securities;

--- Page 629 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
 
629 
 
 
(ii) 
the Underlying Securities themselves (as distinct from the CREST Depository Interests representing 
indirect interests in such Underlying Securities) will be held in an account with a custodian. The 
custodian will hold the Underlying Securities through a clearing system. Rights in the Underlying 
Securities will be held through custodial and depositary links through the appropriate clearing systems. 
The legal title to the Underlying Securities or to interests in the Underlying Securities will depend on the 
rules of the clearing system in or through which the Underlying Securities are held; 
(iii) 
rights under the Underlying Securities cannot be enforced by holders of CREST Depository Interests 
except indirectly through the intermediary depositaries and custodians described above. The enforcement 
of rights under the Underlying Securities will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant 
intermediary. The rights of holders of CREST Depository Interests to the Underlying Securities are 
represented by the entitlements against the CREST Depository which (through the CREST Nominee) 
holds interests in the Underlying Securities. This could result in an elimination or reduction in the 
payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the Underlying Securities in the event of 
any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant intermediary, in particular where the Underlying Securities 
held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities 
held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant intermediaries; 
(iv) 
the CREST Depository Interests issued to holders of CREST Depository Interests will be constituted and 
issued pursuant to the CREST Deed Poll. Holders of CREST Depository Interests will be bound by all 
provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of or prescribed pursuant to, the CREST 
International Manual and the CREST Rules applicable to the CREST International Settlement Links 
Service (in each case as contained in the CREST Manual) and such holders must comply in full with all 
obligations imposed on them by such provisions; 
(v) 
the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and the CREST Manual (including for the avoidance of doubt 
the provisions of the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules) contain indemnities, 
warranties, representations and undertakings to be given by holders of CREST Depository Interests and 
limitations on the liability of the issuer of the CREST Depository Interests, being the CREST Depository; 
(vi) 
holders of CREST Depository Interests may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such 
indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. The 
attention of holders is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll and the CREST Manual (including 
for the avoidance of doubt the provisions of the CREST International Manual and the CREST Rules), 
copies of which are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 
(0) 207 849 0000 or from the CREST website at: https://www.euroclear.com/en.html; 
(vii) 
holders of CREST Depository Interests may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to the 
CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision 
of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may 
be or become payable in connection with the holding of the Securities through the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service; 
(viii) 
neither the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealer nor any Agent will have any responsibility for the 
performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of 
their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations; and 
(ix) 
Securities issued in temporary global form exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global Security will 
not be eligible for CREST settlement as CREST Depository Interests. As such, investors investing in any 
such Underlying Securities through CREST Depository Interests will only receive the CREST 
Depository Interests after such Temporary Bearer Global Security is exchanged for a Permanent Bearer 
Global Security, which could take up to 40 days after the issue of the Securities.

--- Page 630 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V. 
 
 
 
 
 
630 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V. 
Responsibility 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. assumes responsibility for the information under the heading "Description of BBVA 
Global Markets B.V." in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of BBVA Global Markets B.V., the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information. 
Introduction 
BBVA Global Markets B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid), was incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands on October 29, 2009 for an unlimited 
duration and with the purpose of issuing securities under the Programme in accordance with the objects clause 
contained in Article 3 of the Deed of Incorporation of BBVA Global Markets B.V. dated October 29, 2009 which 
reads as follows: 
"The objects for which the Company is established are to raise finance through the issuance of bonds, notes, 
warrants, certificates and other debt instruments, and invest the funds raised in any kind of financial assets. For 
these purposes, the Company may enter into (i) derivative transactions or other hedging agreements, and (ii) other 
agreements with third parties in connection with the above object." 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. has its seat (zetel) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and its principal place of business 
at Calle Sauceda, 28, Edificio Asia, 28050 Madrid, Spain (tel: +34 915370803). BBVA Global Markets B.V. is 
registered in the trade register of the Netherlands Chamber of Commerce under number 34363108. BBVA Global 
Markets B.V. has its place of effective management and centre of principal interests in Spain. The Legal Entity 
Identifier ("LEI") of BBVA Global Markets B.V. is 213800L2COK1WB5Q3Z55. 
Business 
The principal business of BBVA Global Markets B.V. is to raise funds on the capital and money markets to 
finance the business activities of, and enter into other financial agreements with, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries. 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. serves as a financing company for the purposes of the Group and is regularly engaged 
in different financing transactions within the limits set forth in its deed of incorporation (the "Deed of 
Incorporation"). BBVA Global Markets B.V.'s objective is, among others, to arrange medium and long term 
financing for the Group. Because of its aforementioned purpose, BBVA Global Markets B.V. does not have any 
markets in which it competes and, therefore, BBVA Global Markets B.V. cannot make a statement regarding its 
competitive position in any markets. 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. is a financing company that is exempt from the licence requirements to operate as a 
bank pursuant to the exemption contained in section 3:2 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op 
het financieel toezicht) (the "FMSA"), as long as: 
(i) 
there is an unconditional guarantee from the Guarantor for the due and punctual payment of all amounts 
payable to the Holders that form part of the "public" (as defined in the FSMA), and the Guarantor's 
consolidated equity capital remains positive throughout the term of the guarantee; and 
(ii) 
at least 95 per cent. of its borrowings consist of loans and/or investments extended to, or made in, other 
companies and entities belonging to the Group (as defined in section 3:2 of the FMSA). 
History 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. has not previously carried on any business or carried on any activities other than (i) 
those incidental to its registration, the authorisation and issues of Securities contemplated in this Base Prospectus 
and the other matters described or contemplated in this Base Prospectus, (ii) the obtaining of all approvals and the 
effecting of all registrations and filings necessary or desirable for its business activities, and (iii) other securities 
issues including warrants and other structured notes.

--- Page 631 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V. 
 
 
631 
 
 
Ownership and Capital Structure 
The authorised share capital of the BBVA Global Markets B.V. is EUR 90,000 divided into 900 ordinary shares 
of EUR 100 par value each, fully paid, BBVA Global Markets B.V. is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of BBVA 
and does not have any subsidiaries of its own. 
Financial Statements 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. has published audited financial statements for the financial years ended December 
31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 (the "BGM Financial Statements"). BBVA Global Markets B.V.'s Financial 
Statements were prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and 
are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. Other than as described herein there has been no material 
change in the capitalisation of BBVA Global Markets B.V. No dividends have been paid out by BBVA Global 
Markets B.V. since its incorporation. 
Income Statement 
The table below sets out summary information extracted from profit or loss and other comprehensive income of 
the the audited financial statements for the financial year ended December 31, 2023 of BGM:  
 
Thousands of euros 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
—Exchange rate differences ........................................................................................... 
1 
2 
—Other operating income ............................................................................................... 
683 
383 
—Other operating expenses ............................................................................................ 
(683) 
(383) 
—Gains (losses) on financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss. ....... 
970,730 
1,069,995 
—Gains (losses) on financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss ... 
(970,730) 
(1,069,995) 
Result of the year before tax ......................................................................................... 
1 
2 
—Income tax ................................................................................................................... 
— 
(1) 
Result of the year from continued operations ............................................................. 
1 
1 
Comprehensive result of the year ................................................................................ 
— 
— 
Total comprehensive result of the year ........................................................................ 
1 
1 
Statement of Financial Position 
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the statement of financial position from the audited 
financial statements for the financial year ended December 31,2023 of BGM: 
 
Thousands of euros 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
ASSETS: 
 
 
Non-current assets ..................................................................................................  
4,919,390 
3,612,553 
Current assets .........................................................................................................  
1,764,976 
1,203,589 
Total assets .............................................................................................................  
6,684,366 
4,816,142 
LIABILITIES: .......................................................................................................  
 
 
Non-current liabilities ............................................................................................  
4,919,068 
4,085,446 
Current liabilities ....................................................................................................  
1,765,050 
1,203,664 
Total liabilities .......................................................................................................  
6,684,118 
4,815,895 
SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY: 
 
 
—Issued share capital ..............................................................................................  
90 
90 
—Share premium ....................................................................................................  
250 
250 
—Other reserves ......................................................................................................  
(93) 
(94) 
—Result of the year.................................................................................................  
1 
1 
Total shareholder's equity ....................................................................................  
248 
247 
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity ............................................................  
6,684,366 
4,816,142 
(*) Presented for comparison purposes only.

--- Page 632 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS B.V. 
 
 
632 
 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, BBVA Global Markets B.V. has issued securities of the same class as the 
Securities to be issued under the Programme which may be listed on the following markets: Euronext Dublin, 
AIAF, Vienna Stock Exchange, and Taipei Stock Exchange. 
The auditors of BBVA Global Markets B.V. for the financial year ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 
2022 are Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, whose  principal place of business is at Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ 
Rotterdam, The Netherlands. The register accountants of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP are members of the 
NBA (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants - the Royal Netherlands Institute of 
Chartered Accountants).  
Management 
The Board of Directors of BBVA Global Markets B.V. consists of the following Managing Directors:  
 
Name 
Position at BBVA Global 
Markets B.V. 
Present Principal Occupation Outside of 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
Marian Coscarón Tomé 
Managing Director 
Head of Global Securities of BBVA 
Christian Højbjerre Mortensen 
Managing Director 
Global Securities Manager of BBVA 
The Managing Directors are employees of BBVA. There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties 
of the directors of BBVA Global Markets B.V. and their private interests. 
The business address of the Managing Directors is Calle Sauceda, 28, Edificio Asia, 28050 Madrid, Spain. 
BBVA Global Markets B.V., as a financial company for the purposes of the Group with no employees, relies on 
the human resources, systems as well as the policies, processes and procedures of BBVA (including, without 
limitation, compliance, market abuse, risk, accounting, and audit committee). 
Tax Status of BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. has its place of effective management in Spain and is therefore solely tax resident in 
Spain on the basis of Article 4(4) of the Convention between the Netherlands and Spain for the Avoidance of 
Double Taxation with respect to Taxes on Income and on Net Wealth in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Legal Proceedings 
There are no, and have not been, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which BBVA Global Markets B.V. is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the 
financial position or profitability of BBVA Global Markets B.V.

--- Page 633 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL SECURITIES B.V. 
 
 
 
 
 
633 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL SECURITIES B.V. 
Responsibility 
BBVA Global Securities B.V. assumes responsibility for the information under the heading "Description of BBVA 
Global Securities B.V." in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of BBVA Global Securities B.V., 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely 
to affect the import of such information. 
Introduction 
BBVA Global Securities B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte 
aansprakelijkheid), was incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands on December 7, 2020 for an unlimited 
duration and with the purpose of issuing securities under the Programme in accordance with the objects clause 
contained in Article 3 of the Deed of Incorporation of BBVA Global Securities B.V. dated December 7, 2020 
which reads as follows: 
"The objects for which the Company is established are to raise finance through the issuance of bonds, notes, 
warrants, certificates and other debt instruments, and invest the funds raised in any kind of financial assets. For 
these purposes, the Company may enter into (i) derivative transactions or other hedging agreements, and (ii) other 
agreements with third parties in connection with the above object." 
BBVA Global Securities B.V. has its seat (zetel) in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and its principal place of business 
at Calle Sauceda, 28, Edificio Asia, 28050 Madrid, Spain (tel: +34 915370703). BBVA Global Securities B.V. is 
registered in the trade register of the Netherlands Chamber of Commerce under number 81185774. BBVA Global 
Securities B.V. has its place of effective management and centre of principal interests in Spain. The Legal Entity 
Identifier ("LEI") of BBVA Global Securities B.V. is 7245002K0ECNIA1YTU43. 
Business 
The principal business of BBVA Global Securities B.V. is to raise funds on the capital and money markets to 
finance the business activities of, and enter into other financial agreements with, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries. 
BBVA Global Securities B.V. serves as a financing company for the purposes of the Group and is regularly 
engaged in different financing transactions within the limits set forth in its deed of incorporation (the "Deed of 
Incorporation"). BBVA Global Securities B.V.'s objective is, among others, to arrange medium and long term 
financing for the Group. Because of its aforementioned purpose, BBVA Global Securities B.V. does not have any 
markets in which it competes and, therefore, BBVA Global Securities B.V. cannot make a statement regarding its 
competitive position in any markets. 
BBVA Global Securities B.V. is a financing company that is exempt from the licence requirements to operate as 
a bank pursuant to the exemption contained in section 3:2 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet 
op het financieel toezicht) (the "FMSA"), as long as: 
(i) 
there is an unconditional guarantee from the Guarantor for the due and punctual payment of all amounts 
payable to the Holders that form part of the "public" (as defined in the FSMA), and the Guarantor's 
consolidated equity capital remains positive throughout the term of the guarantee; and 
(ii) 
at least 95 per cent. of its borrowings consist of loans and/or investments extended to, or made in, other 
companies and entities belonging to the Group (as defined in section 3:2 of the FMSA). 
History 
BBVA Global Securities B.V. has not previously carried on any business or carried on any activities other than 
(i) those incidental to its registration, the authorisation and issues of Securities contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus and the other matters described or contemplated in this Base Prospectus, (ii) the obtaining of all 
approvals and the effecting of all registrations and filings necessary or desirable for its business activities, and 
(iii) other securities issues including warrants and other structured notes.

--- Page 634 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL SECURITIES B.V. 
 
 
634 
 
 
Ownership and Capital Structure 
The authorised share capital of BBVA Global Securities B.V. is €18,000 divided into 180 ordinary shares of €100 
each. The total issued and paid up share capital amounts to €18,000 consisting of 180 ordinary shares. BBVA 
Global Securities B.V. is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of BBVA and does not have any subsidiaries of its 
own. 
Financial Statements 
BBVA Global Securities B.V. has published audited financial statements for the financial years ended December 
31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 (the "BGS Financial Statements"). BBVA Global Securities B.V.'s Financial 
Statements were prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code and 
are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus Other than as described herein there has been no material 
change in the capitalisation of BBVA Global Securities B.V. No dividends have been paid out by BBVA Global 
Securities B.V. since its incorporation. 
Income Statement 
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the profit or loss and other comprehensive income 
of the audited financial statements for the financial year ended December 31,2023 of BGS:  
 
Thousands of euros 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022* 
—Exchange rate differences ................................................................................ 
1 
 
—Other operating income .................................................................................... 
183 
146 
—Other operating expenses ................................................................................. 
(183) 
(146) 
—Gains (losses) on financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss.
 ....................................................................................................................... 
77,039 
(18,726) 
—Gains (losses) on financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or 
loss 
(77,039) 
18,726 
Result of the year before tax .............................................................................. 
1 
- 
—Income tax ........................................................................................................ 
- 
- 
Result of the year from continued operations .................................................. 
1 
- 
Comprehensive result of the year ..................................................................... 
- 
- 
Total comprehensive result of the year ............................................................. 
1 
- 
(*) In the audited financial statements for the financial year ended December 31, 2022 of BGS certain reclassifications have been made in the 
statement of profit or loss or other comprehensive income for the year 2021. For more details we refer to note 2m) of these audited financial 
statements. 
Statement of Financial Position 
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the statement of financial position from the audited 
financial statements for the financial year ended December 31,2023 of BGS: 
 
Thousands of euros 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
ASSETS: 
 
 
Non-current assets ..................................................................................................  
425,001 
183,804 
Current assets .........................................................................................................  
292,869 
46,621 
Total assets .............................................................................................................  
717,870 
230,425 
LIABILITIES: .......................................................................................................  
 
 
Non-current liabilities ............................................................................................  
425,001 
183,804 
Current liabilities ....................................................................................................  
292,850 
46,603 
Total liabilities .......................................................................................................  
717,851 
230,407 
SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY: 
 
 
—Issued share capital ..............................................................................................  
18 
18 
—Result of the year.................................................................................................  
1 
- 
Total shareholder's equity ....................................................................................  
19 
18 
Total liabilities and shareholder's equity ............................................................  
717,870 
230,425

--- Page 635 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BBVA GLOBAL SECURITIES B.V. 
 
 
635 
 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, BBVA Global Securities B.V. has issued notes of the same class as the 
notes to be issued under the Programme which are listed on Vienna Stock Exchange's multilateral trading facility 
Vienna MTF. 
The auditors of BBVA Global Markets B.V. for the financial years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 
2022 are Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, whose  principal place of business is at Boompjes 258, 3011 XZ 
Rotterdam, The Netherlands. The register accountants of Ernst & Young Accountants LLP are members of the 
NBA (Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants - the Royal Netherlands Institute of 
Chartered Accountants).  
Management 
The Board of Directors of BBVA Global Securities B.V. consists of the following Managing Director:  
 
Name 
Position at BBVA 
Global Securities B.V. 
Present Principal Occupation Outside of 
BBVA Global Securities B.V. 
Roberto Vila Freyer 
Managing Director 
Global Head of Sales & Structuring CIB 
The Managing Director is a employees of BBVA. There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties 
of the director of BBVA Global Securities B.V. and his private interests. 
The business address of the Managing Director is Calle Sauceda, 28, Edificio Asia, 28050 Madrid, Spain.  
BBVA Global Securities B.V., as a financial company for the purposes of the Group with no employees, relies on 
the human resources, systems as well as the policies, processes and procedures of BBVA (including, without 
limitation, compliance, market abuse, risk, accounting, and audit committee). 
Tax Status of BBVA Global Securities B.V. 
BBVA Global Securities B.V. has its place of effective management in Spain and is therefore solely tax resident 
in Spain on the basis of Article 4(4) of the Convention between the Netherlands and Spain for the Avoidance of 
Double Taxation with respect to Taxes on Income and on Net Wealth in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Legal Proceedings 
There are no, and have not been, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which BBVA Global Securities B.V. is aware) since its date of 
incorporation which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of BBVA Global Securities B.V.

--- Page 636 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
 
 
 
636 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
Responsibility 
The Guarantor assumes responsibility for the information featured under the heading "Description of Banco 
Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A." in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Guarantor, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information. 
History and Development of BBVA 
BBVA's predecessor bank, BBV (Banco Bilbao Vizcaya), was incorporated as a public limited company (a 
sociedad anónima or S.A.) under the Spanish Corporations Law on October 1, 1988. BBVA was formed following 
the merger of Argentaria into BBV (Banco Bilbao Vizcaya), which was approved by the shareholders of each 
entity on December 18, 1999 and registered on January 28, 2000. It conducts its business under the commercial 
name "BBVA". BBVA is registered with the Commercial Registry of Vizcaya (Spain) (volume 2,083, Folium 1, 
Page BI-17.A, first inscription). It has its registered office at Plaza de San Nicolás 4, Bilbao, Spain, 48005, and 
has its main place of business at Calle Azul, 4, 28050, Madrid, Spain (telephone number: +34 91 374 6201). 
BBVA is incorporated for an unlimited term. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of BBVA is 
K8MS7FD7N5Z2WQ51AZ71. The website of BBVA is https://www.bbva.com/en/. The information contained 
in such web page shall not be deemed to constitute a part of the Base Prospectus. 
BBVA's corporate purpose contained in Article 3 of its bylaws is to engage in all kinds of activities, operations, 
acts, contracts and services within the banking business or directly or indirectly related to it, that are permitted or 
not prohibited by prevailing provisions and ancillary activities. Its corporate purpose also includes the acquisition, 
holding, utilisation and divestment of securities, public offerings to buy and sell securities, and any kind of 
holdings in any company or enterprise. 
Capital Expenditures 
BBVA's principal investments are financial investments in its subsidiaries and affiliates. The main capital 
expenditures from 2022 to the date of this Base Prospectus were the following: 
2023 and 2024 to date 
In 2023 and 2024 to date, there were no significant capital expenditures.  
2022 
Announcement of the agreement with Neon Payments Limited  
On February 14, 2022, BBVA announced the agreement with the company Neon Payments Limited, a company 
incorporated and domiciled in the United Kingdom ("Neon Payments") for the subscription of 492,692 preference 
shares, representing approximately 21.7 per cent of its share capital, through a share capital increase and in 
consideration of approximately USD 300 million (equal to approximately €263 million, using the applicable 1.14 
EUR/USD exchange rate as of February 11, 2022). 
Neon Payments is the owner of 100 per cent. of the shares of the Brazilian company Neon Pagamentos S.A. 
As of February 14, 2022, BBVA was already the indirect owner of approximately 10.2 per cent. of the share 
capital of Neon Payments through companies in which BBVA owns more than 99 per cent. of the share capital. 
As of December 31, 2022, BBVA held, directly and indirectly, approximately 29.2 per cent. of the share capital 
of Neon Payments (30.1 per cent as of December 31, 2023). Despite owning more than 20 per cent. of the share 
capital of Neon Payments, BBVA's ability to influence Neon Payments financial and operating decisions policies 
is very limited, so the investment is recognised under the heading "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at 
fair value through profit or loss".

--- Page 637 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
637 
 
 
Voluntary takeover bid for the entire share capital of Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş. (Garanti BBVA) 
On November 15, 2021, BBVA announced a VTO addressed to the holders of the 2,106,300,000 shares1 of Garanti 
BBVA not controlled by BBVA, which represented 50.15 per cent. of Garanti BBVA's total share capital. BBVA 
submitted for authorisation an application for the VTO to the supervisor of the securities markets in Turkey 
(Capital Markets Board ,CMB) on November 18, 2021. 
On March 31, 2022, the CMB approved the offer information document and on the same day BBVA announced 
the commencement of the VTO acceptance period on April 4, 2022.  
On April 25, 2022, BBVA informed of an increase of the cash offer price per Garanti BBVA share, from the 
initially announced price (12.20 Turkish Lira) to 15.00 Turkish Lira. On May 18, 2022, BBVA announced the 
finalisation of the offer acceptance period, with the acquisition of 36.12 per cent. of Garanti BBVA's share capital. 
The total amount paid by BBVA was approximately 22,758 million Turkish Lira (equivalent to approximately 
€1,390 million2, including the expenses associated with the transaction and net of the collection of the dividends 
corresponding to the stake acquired). 
The transaction resulted in a capital gain of approximately €924 million (including the impacts after the 
application of IAS 29). An amount of €3,609 million was recorded under the heading "Other reserves" and there 
was a reclassification to "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" corresponding to the 36.12 per cent. 
acquired from minority interests to "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" of the parent company 
amounting to a loss of €2,685 million. The total derecognition associated with the transaction of the heading 
"Minority interests" considering "Other items" and "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" amounted 
to a loss of €2,541 million. 
The percentage of the total share capital of Garanti BBVA owned by BBVA (after the completion of the VTO on 
May 18, 2022) was 85.97 per cent. 
Capital Divestitures 
BBVA's principal divestitures are financial divestitures in its subsidiaries and affiliates. The main capital 
divestitures from 2022 to the date of this Base Prospectus were the following: 
2024 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no significant capital divestitures.  
2023 
In 2023 there were no significant capital divestitures.  
2022 
In 2022 there were no significant capital divestitures.  
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
On April 30, 2024, BBVA submitted a letter to the Board of Directors of Banco de Sabadell, S.A. (the "Target 
Company") with an indicative corporate transaction proposal for a combination of the respective groups through 
 
1 All references to “shares” or “share” in the case of Garanti BBVA shall be deemed to be made in respect of lots of 100 shares, which is the 
trading unit at Borsa Istanbul.  
2 Using the effective exchange rate of 16.14 Turkish lira per euro.

--- Page 638 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
638 
 
 
a merger transaction between the Target Company and BBVA. This letter was published on May 1, 2024 by 
BBVA through the publication of an inside information (información privilegiada). 
On May 6, 2024, the Target Company published an inside information (información privilegiada) informing of 
of the rejection of the proposal by its Board of Directors. 
Following such rejection, on May 9, 2024, BBVA announced the launch of a voluntary tender offer (the "Offer") 
for the acquisition of all of the issued shares of the Target Company, being a total of 5,440,221,447 ordinary 
shares with a par value of 0.125 euros (representing 100 per cent. of the Target Company’s share capital). T he 
consideration offered by BBVA to the shareholders of the Target Company consists of one (1) newly issued share 
of BBVA for each four and eighty-three hundredths (4.83) ordinary shares of the Target Company (the 
"Consideration"), subject and as further described in the inside information (información privilegiada) published 
by BBVA on May 9, 2024 (the "Announcement"). 
Pursuant to the provisions of Royal Decree 1066/2007, of 27th July, 2007, on the rules governing tender offers 
("Royal Decree 1066/2007"), the Offer is subject to mandatory clearance of the Spanish National Securities 
Market Commission ("CNMV"). Additionally, pursuant to the provisions of Law 10/2014 and Royal Decree 
84/2015, the acquisition by BBVA of control of the Target Company resulting from the Offer is subject to the 
duty of prior notification to the Bank of Spain and to the obtention of the non-opposition by the European Central 
Bank. In accordance with the provisions of article 26.2 of Royal Decree 1066/2007, the CNMV will not authorise 
the Offer until the express or tacit non-opposition of the European Central Bank has been obtained and evidenced. 
The Offer, once CNMV authorisation has been obtained in accordance with the foregoing, is also subject to the 
completion of the conditions specified in the Announcement, including (i) the acceptance of the Offer by holders 
of shares representing at least 50.01 per cent of the share capital of the Target Company, (ii) the approval by 
BBVA’s General Shareholders Meeting of the increase of BBVA’s share capital in an amount which is sufficient 
to fully cover the Consideration offered to the shareholders of the Target Company, (iii) the express or tacit 
authorisation of the Spanish antitrust authorities, and (iv) the express or tacit authorisation of the indirect 
acquisition of control of the Target Company’s banking subsidiary in the United Kingdom, TSB Bank PLC, by 
the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority. The conditions to the Offer are more fully described in the 
Announcement. 
The closing of the Offer is expected to be completed within 6 to 8 months after the Announcement and the detailed 
terms of the Offer will be set out in the prospectus, which was submitted together with the Offer for CNMV 
authorisation on May 24, 2023, and will be published after obtaining the mandatory clearance of the CNMV. 
Business Overview 
The Group is a customer-centric global financial services group founded in 1857. Internationally 
diversified and with strengths in the traditional banking businesses of retail banking, asset management 
and wholesale banking, the Group is committed to offering a compelling digital proposition focused on 
the customer experience. 
For this purpose, the Group is focused on increasingly offering products online and through mobile 
channels, improving the functionality of its digital offerings and refining the customer experience, 
contributing to the delivery of its strategy in a sustainable and inclusive way. BBVA places 
sustainability at the core of its strategy. Sustainability is impacting the banking business, affecting not 
only relations with customers but also internal processes. In 2023, the number of digital and mobile 
customers and the volume of digital sales continued to increase. 
Operating Segments 
As of March 31, 2024, the structure of the operating segments used by the Group for management purposes 
remained the same as in 2023. 
Set forth below are the Group's current five operating segments: 
־ 
Spain;

--- Page 639 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
639 
 
 
־ 
Mexico; 
־ 
Turkey; 
־ 
South America; and 
־ 
Rest of Business. 
In addition to the operating segments referred to above, the Group has a Corporate Center which includes those 
items that have not been allocated to an operating segment. It includes the Group's general management functions, 
including costs from central units that have a strictly corporate function; management of structural exchange rate 
positions carried out by the Financial Planning unit; certain proprietary portfolios; certain tax assets and liabilities; 
certain provisions related to commitments with employees; and goodwill and other intangibles, as well as the 
financing of such asset portfolios. It also includes the results of the Group's stake in the venture capital fund Propel 
Venture Partners. 
Following the publication of the Form 20-F of BVVA for the financial year ended 31st December, 2023, certain 
immaterial balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments were 
reallocated to the corresponding operating segments. In addition, certain expenses related to global projects and 
activities were reallocated between the Corporate Center and the corresponding operating segments. In order to 
make the segment information as of December 31, 2023 and for the three months ended March 31, 2023 
comparable with the segment information as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2024, segment 
information as of December 31, 2023 and for the three months ended March 31, 2023 has been revised in 
conformity with these intra-group reallocations. The impact of these intra-group adjustments was not material at 
the consolidated level. For certain relevant information concerning the preparation and presentation of the 
financial information included in this Base Prospectus, see "General Information— Presentation of financial 
information". 
The breakdown of the Group’s total assets by each of BBVA’s operating segments and the Corporate Center as 
of March 31, 2024 and 31st December, 2023 was as follows:  
 
As of March 31, 2024 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
(in millions of euros) 
Spain 
452,227 
457,573 
Mexico 
184,677 
173,489 
Turkey 
71,389 
68,329 
South America 
68,719 
64,779 
Rest of Business 
62,559 
64,274 
Subtotal Assets by Operating Segment 
839,570 
828,445 
Corporate Center and adjustments(1)  
(37,880) 
(52,886) 
Total Assets Group 
801,690 
775,558 
(1) Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments. 
The following table sets forth information relating to the profit (loss) attributable to parent company for 
each of BBVA’s operating segments and the Corporate Center for the three months ended March 31, 
2024 and 2023. Such information is presented under management criteria; however, for the three 
months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, there are no differences between the sum of the income 
statements of our operating segments and the Corporate Center (calculated in accordance with management 
criteria used to report segment financial information) and the consolidated income statement of the Group.  
 
Profit / (Loss) Attributable to 
Parent Company 
Per 
cent. 
of 
Profit 
/ 
(Loss) 
Attributable to Parent Company 
 
Three months ended March 31, 
 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
 
(in millions of euros) 
(in percentage) 
Spain 
725 
531 
28.4 
22.5 
Mexico 
1,441 
1,279 
56.5 
54.2 
Turkey 
144 
277 
5.6 
11.7 
South America 
119 
181 
4.7 
7.7

--- Page 640 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
640 
 
 
 
Profit / (Loss) Attributable to 
Parent Company 
Per 
cent. 
of 
Profit 
/ 
(Loss) 
Attributable to Parent Company 
 
Three months ended March 31, 
 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
 
(in millions of euros) 
(in percentage) 
Rest of Business 
121 
93 
4.74 
4.0 
Subtotal operating segments 
2,549 
2,361 
100 
100 
Corporate Center 
(350) 
(515) 
 
 
Profit attributable to parent company 
2,200 
1,846 
 
 
The following table sets forth certain summarised information relating to the income of each operating 
segment and the Corporate Center for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. Such information 
is presented under management criteria; however, for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, 
there are no differences between the sum of the income statements of BBVA’s operating segments and 
the Corporate Center (calculated in accordance with management criteria used to report segment 
financial information) and the consolidated income statement of the Group. 
 
Operating Segments 
 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey 
South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Corporate 
Center and 
adjustments 
Total 
(in millions of euros) 
March 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income / (expense) 
1,599 
2,999 
277 
1,555 
157 
(76) 
6,512 
Gross income 
2,162 
3,967 
897 
1,201 
336 
(344) 
8,218 
Operating profit / (loss) before tax 
1,148 
2,009 
413 
201 
160 
(474) 
3,458 
Profit / (loss) attributable to 
parent company 
725 
1,441 
144 
119 
121 
(350) 
2,200 
March 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net interest income / (expense) 
1,183 
2,589 
626 
1,190 
113 
(60) 
5,642 
Gross income 
1,726 
3,306 
802 
1,175 
260 
(311) 
6,958 
Operating profit (loss) before tax 
837 
1,760 
327 
401 
113 
(495) 
2,944 
Profit / (loss) attributable to 
parent company 
531 
1,279 
277 
181 
93 
(515) 
1,846 
The following tables set forth summarised information relating to the balance sheet of the operating segments and 
the Corporate Center and adjustments as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey 
South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Total 
Operating 
Segments 
Corporate 
Center and 
Adjustments(1) 
 
(in millions of euros) 
Total Assets 
452,227 
184,677 
71,389 
68,719 
62,559 
839,570 
(37,880) 
Cash, cash balances at central 
banks and other demand deposits 
43,416 
11,577 
8,187 
7,626 
6,172 
76,978 
(454) 
Financial assets at fair value(2) 
147,143 
63,973 
3,943 
9,823 
10,528 
235,409 
(18,048) 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
221,240 
101,063 
55,727 
47,353 
44,809 
470,192 
188 
Loans and advances to customers 
174,094 
92,776 
39,636 
42,762 
40,858 
390,125 
(1,176) 
Total Liabilities 
436,960 
172,675 
64,246 
62,446 
58,227 
794,554 
(48,642) 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
and designated at fair value through 
profit or loss 
103,945 
35,252 
1,919 
2,587 
9,693 
153,396 
(20,121) 
Financial liabilities at amortised 
cost - Customer deposits 
227,410 
93,566 
52,676 
44,638 
20,865 
439,155 
(2,392) 
Total Equity 
15,267 
12,002 
7,143 
6,273 
4,332 
45,016 
10,762 
Assets under management 
100,561 
61,154 
9,988 
6,028 
581 
178,312 
 
Mutual funds 
75,674 
55,473 
6,171 
6,028 
— 
143,345 
 
Pension funds 
24,888 
— 
3,817 
— 
581 
29,286 
 
Other placements 
— 
5,682 
— 
— 
— 
5,682 
 
(1) Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments.

--- Page 641 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
641 
 
 
(2) Financial assets at fair value includes: "Financial assets held for trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss", "Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income". 
 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
Spain 
Mexico 
Turkey 
South 
America 
Rest of 
Business 
Total 
Operating 
Segments 
Corporate 
Center and 
Adjustments(1) 
 
(in millions of euros) 
Total Assets 
457,573 
173,489 
68,329 
64,779 
64,274 
828,445 
(52,886) 
Cash, cash balances at central 
banks and other demand deposits 
44,653 
10,089 
9,700 
6,585 
4,748 
75,776 
(359) 
Financial assets at fair value(2) 
146,136 
60,379 
3,692 
10,508 
15,475 
236,189 
(23,250) 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
216,334 
96,342 
51,543 
44,508 
43,363 
452,089 
(357) 
Loans and advances to customers 
173,169 
88,112 
37,416 
41,213 
39,322 
379,231 
(1,588) 
Total Liabilities 
442,681 
162,271 
61,892 
58,485 
60,083 
785,412 
(65,119) 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
and designated at fair value through 
profit or loss 
111,701 
28,492 
1,878 
3,289 
14,831 
160,192 
(25,177) 
Financial liabilities at amortised 
cost - Customer deposits 
217,235 
92,564 
50,651 
42,567 
13,056 
416,073 
(2,587) 
Total Equity  
14,892 
11,218 
6,438 
6,294 
4,191 
43,033 
12,233 
Assets under management 
97,253 
53,254 
7,768 
5,525 
566 
164,366 
 
Mutual funds 
72,875 
49,062 
4,386 
5,525 
— 
131,848 
 
Pension funds 
24,378 
— 
3,382 
— 
566 
28,326 
 
Other placements 
— 
4,192 
— 
— 
— 
4,192 
 
(1) Includes balance sheet intra-group adjustments between the Corporate Center and the operating segments. 
(2) Financial assets at fair value includes: "Financial assets held for trading", "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss", "Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss" and "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income". 
Standards and interpretations that became effective in 2023 to date 
Amendment to IFRS 16 - Leases 
The IASB has issued an amendment to IFRS 16 that clarifies the requirements for sale-and-leaseback transactions. 
The new requirements established that the seller-lessee shall determine ‘lease payments’ or ‘revised lease 
payments’ in a way such that the seller-lessee would not recognize any amount of the gain or loss that relates to 
the right of use retained by the seller-lessee. The amendments have become effective on January 1, 2024. The 
standard has not had any significant impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Amendment to IAS 21 - Effects of changes in foreign exchange rates 
On August 15, 2023, the IASB issued a series of amendments to IAS 21 - The effect of changes in exchange rates. 
The standard has a double objective, on the one hand to provide guidance on when one currency is convertible 
into another and, second, how to determine the exchange rate to be used in accounting when it is concluded that 
such convertibility does not exist. 
The modification to the standard will come into force on January 1, 2025. Early application is permitted. 
Entry into force of IFRS 17 – Insurance contracts 
IFRS 17 superseded IFRS 4 as the accounting standard for the recognition, measurement, presentation 
and disclosure of insurance contracts. The initial application date of IFRS 17 was 1st January, 2023 and 
it has been applied to the year ended 31st December, 2023, with a transition date of 1st January, 2022. 
In order to make the information as of and for the year ended 31st December, 2022 comparable with 
the information as of and for the year ended 31st December, 2023, the balance sheet as of 31st 
December, 2022 and the income statement for the year ended 31st December, 2022 were restated.  
IFRS 17 has introduced substantial changes in the accounting of insurance contracts with the aim of achieving 
greater homogeneity and increasing comparability among entities. With the implementation of IFRS 17, the 
valuation of insurance contracts is based on a model that uses updated assumptions for each reporting period. For

--- Page 642 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
642 
 
 
additional information, see Notes 2.2.8 and 2.3 and Appendix XIII to 2023 Consolidated Annual Financial 
Statements. 
Amendments to IAS 1 "Presentation of financial statements" and IAS 8 "Accounting policies, changes in 
accounting estimates and errors" 
In February 2021 the IASB issued amendments to this IAS with the aim of improving the quality of the disclosures 
in relation to the accounting policies applied by the entities with the ultimate aim of providing useful and material 
information in the financial statements. The amendments to IAS 1 require entities to disclose accounting policies 
that are material rather than significant accounting policies and provide guidance to help apply the concept of 
materiality in financial statement disclosures. The amendments to IAS 8 introduce clarifications to distinguish 
between the concept of accounting estimate and that of accounting policy. The amendments have entered into 
force on January 1, 2023, with no significant impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group. 
Amendment IAS 12 – Income taxes 
The IASB issued an amendment to IAS 12 to clarify that entities should recognize deferred tax arising on 
transactions such as leases or decommissioning obligations. The amendment requires entities to recognize a 
deferred tax asset and liability separately when the temporary differences arising in the recognition of an asset 
and a liability are the same, not being possible to apply the initial recognition exception provided for in the 
standard. The purpose of the amendments has been to reduce the diversity in the presentation of information on 
deferred taxes in said transactions. The modification has entered into force on January 1, 2023, although its early 
application was allowed, with no significant impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group. 
Spain 
This operating segment includes all of BBVA's banking and non-banking businesses in Spain, other than those 
included in the Corporate Center. The primary business units included in this operating segment are: 
־ 
Spanish Retail Network: including individual customers, private banking, small companies and 
businesses in the domestic market; 
־ 
Corporate and Business Banking: which manages small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), 
companies and corporations, and public institutions; 
־ 
Corporate and Investment Banking: responsible for business with large corporations and multinational 
groups and the trading floor and distribution business in Spain; and 
Other units: which includes the insurance business unit in Spain (BBVA Seguros) as well as the Group’s 
shareholding in Compañía de Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A., the Group's Asset Management unit (which manages 
Spanish mutual funds and pension funds), lending to real estate developers and foreclosed real estate assets in 
Spain, as well as certain proprietary portfolios and certain funding and structural interest-rate positions of the euro 
balance sheet which are not included in the Corporate Center. 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits amounted to €43,416 million as of March 31, 
2024, a 2.8 per cent. decrease compared with the €44,653 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly due 
to the decrease in the cash held at the Bank of Spain as a result of the repayment of the remainder of BBVA’s 
drawdowns under the ECB’s TLTRO III facilities, partially offset by certain debt issuances completed by the 
Group, which increased liquidity levels. 
Financial assets at fair value of this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: “Financial assets 
held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss”, “Financial assets 
designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income”) amounted to €147,143 million as of March 31, 2024 from the €146,136 million recorded as of December 
31, 2023. 
Financial assets at amortised cost of this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €221,240 million, 
a 2.3 per cent. increase compared with the €216,334 million recorded as of December 31, 2023. Within this 
heading, loans and advances to customers amounted to €174,094 million as of March 31, 2024 compared with the

--- Page 643 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
643 
 
 
€173,169 million recorded as of December 31, 2023. Also within this heading, debt securities of this operating 
segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €33,894 million, a 5.4 per cent. increase compared with the €32,164 
million recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly as a result of an increase in Spanish sovereign debt securities, 
within a high interest rate environment. 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating segment 
as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €103,945 million, a 6.9 per cent. decrease compared with the €111,701 million 
recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly due to the decrease in deposits from central banks and credit institutions 
(through repurchase agreements) recorded under the “Financial liabilities held for trading” portfolio.. 
Customer deposits at amortised cost of this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €227,410 
million, a 4.7 per cent. increase compared with the €217,235 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly 
due to the increase in time deposits driven mainly by the higher remuneration paid on time deposits, offset in part 
by the decrease in retail demand deposits due in part to the shift towards higher profitability investments (including 
mutual funds). 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” (including customers’ 
portfolios) and “Pension funds”) as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €100,561 million, a 3.4 per cent. increase 
compared with €97,253 million as of December 31, 2023, mainly due to the shift from demand deposits towards 
higher profitability investments, which resulted in an increase in private banking and mutual funds. 
This operating segment’s non-performing loan ratio (defined as non-performing loans divided by total credit risk 
and calculated as the sum of impaired loans and advances to customers, impaired guarantees to customers and 
other impaired commitments divided by the sum of loans and advances to customers, guarantees to customers and 
other commitments) was 4.1 per cent. as of March 31, 2024 and of December 31, 2023. This ratio was adversely 
affected by the increase in the non-performing balance of certain retail loans portfolios and positively affected by 
the sale of a portfolio of non-performing mortgage loans. In addition, there was a decrease in the wholesale loan 
portfolio. This operating segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio (defined as allowance for credit losses 
divided by non-performing loans and calculated as loss allowances on loans and advances divided by the sum of 
impaired loans and advances to customers, impaired guarantees to customers and other impaired commitments) 
was 55 per cent. as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
Mexico 
The Mexico operating segment includes the banking, insurance and asset management business conducted in 
Mexico by BBVA Mexico. It also includes BBVA Mexico's agency in Houston. 
The Mexican peso appreciated 4.5 per cent. against the euro as of March 31, 2024 compared with December 31, 
2023, positively affecting the business activity of the Mexico operating segment as of March 31, 2024 expressed 
in euros. 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits amounted to €11,577 million as of March 31, 
2024, a 14.7 per cent. increase compared with the €10,089 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly due 
to increases in cash balances held at Mexican Central Bank (“BANXICO”) as a result of the debt issuances 
completed in early 2024, which increased liquidity levels, and, to a lesser extent, the appreciation of the Mexican 
peso against the euro, partially offset by the increase in high-quality liquid assets (HQLA), which are assets that 
can be easily and immediately converted into cash at little or no loss of value (in accordance with the Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio (LCR) standard). 
Financial assets at fair value of this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: “Financial assets 
held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss”, “Financial assets 
designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income”) as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €63,973 million, a 6.0 per cent. increase from the €60,379 million 
recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly due to the appreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro and the 
acquisition of sovereign debt securities recorded under “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income” and “Financial assets held for trading”, partially offset by the decrease in loans to credit institutions 
(through reverse repurchase agreements) recorded under “Financial assets held for trading”. 
Financial assets at amortised cost of this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €101,063 million, 
a 4.9 per cent. increase compared with the €96,342 million recorded as of December 31, 2023. Within this heading,

--- Page 644 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
644 
 
 
loans and advances to customers of this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €92,776 million, a 
5.3 per cent. increase compared with the €88,112 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly attributable 
to the appreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro and the increase in retail loans, in particular, consumer 
loans. 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating segment 
as of  March 31, 2024 amounted to €35,252 million, a 23.7 per cent. increase compared with the €28,492 million 
recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly as a result of the increase in deposits from central banks (through 
repurchase agreements) recorded under “Financial liabilities held for trading” and the appreciation of the Mexican 
peso against the euro. 
Customer deposits at amortised cost of this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €93,566 million, 
a 1.1 per cent. increase compared with the €92,564 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly attributable 
to the appreciation of the Mexican peso against the euro.  
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” (including customers’ 
portfolios) and “Other placements”) as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €61,154 million, a 14.8 per cent. increase 
compared with the €53,254 million as of December 31, 2023, mainly as a result of the continuing search by 
customers for higher profitability investments, which continued to boost mutual funds, and the appreciation of the 
Mexican peso against the euro. 
This operating segment’s non-performing loan ratio (as defined herein) was 2.7 per cent. as of March 31, 2024 
compared to 2.6 per cent. as of December 31, 2023. This ratio was negatively affected by the increase in the non-
performing retail loan portfolio and the lower growth in activity in the wholesale portfolio. This operating 
segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio (as defined herein) decreased to 119 per cent. as of March 31, 2024 
from 123 per cent. as of December 31, 2023. 
Turkey 
This operating segment comprises the activities carried out by Garanti BBVA as an integrated financial services 
group operating in the banking, insurance and asset management business in Turkey, including corporate, 
commercial, SME, payment systems, retail, private and investment banking, together with its subsidiaries in 
pension and life insurance, leasing, factoring, brokerage and asset management, as well as its international 
subsidiaries in Romania and the Netherlands. 
The Turkish lira depreciated 6.6 per cent. against the euro as of March 31, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023, 
adversely affecting the business activity of the Turkey operating segment as of March 31, 2024 expressed in euros. 
Since the first half of 2022, the Turkish economy has been considered to be hyperinflationary as defined by IAS 
29 “Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies”.  
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits amounted to €8,187 million as of March 31, 2024, 
a 15.6 per cent. decrease compared with the €9,700 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly due to the 
decrease in cash held at the Central Bank of the Republic of Turkey (“CBRT”) mainly due to increased lending 
activity which was higher than the increase in deposits, and the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro, 
partially offset by the increase in the required reserve ratio established by the CBRT in order to reduce excess 
liquidity of the Turkish lira in the market. 
Financial assets at fair value of this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: “Financial assets 
held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss”, “Financial assets 
designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income”) as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €3,943 million, a 6.8 per cent. increase from the €3,692 million 
recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly due to the increase in local currency-denominated government bonds, 
as a result mainly of the securities maintenance ratio established by the CBRT, partially offset by the depreciation 
of the Turkish lira against the euro. 
Financial assets at amortised cost of this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €55,727 million, 
an 8.1 per cent. increase compared with the €51,543 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, partially offset 
by the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro. Within this heading, loans and advances to customers of 
this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €39,636 million, a 5.9 per cent. increase compared with

--- Page 645 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
645 
 
 
the €37,416 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly due to the increase in Turkish lira-denominated 
credit card loans (which is the type of loan where there is greater competition) and loans to enterprises, due, in 
part, to the measures adopted by the Turkish authorities to encourage Turkish lira-denominated loans. In addition, 
within this heading, debt securities of this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €7,483 million, 
an 11.6 per cent. increase compared with the €6,706 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, as a result of the 
increase in local currency-denominated government bonds mainly due to the increase in the securities maintenance 
ratio established by the CBRT. Further, loans and advances to central banks increased in the three months ended 
March 31, 2024, as a result of the regulation and monetary policy adopted by the CBRT on foreign currency 
deposit accounts (the relevant reserve requirement was set at 4 per cent. as of December 31, 2023 and at 8 per 
cent. as of March 31, 2024) and on Turkish lira deposits, following the 25 per cent. reserve requirement. 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating segment 
as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €1,919 million, a 2.2 per cent. increase compared with the €1,878 million 
recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly due to the increase in debt securities recorded under “Financial 
liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss” portfolio, partially offset by the depreciation of the 
Turkish lira against the euro. 
Customer deposits at amortised cost of this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €52,676 million, 
a 4.0 per cent. increase compared with the €50,651 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly due to the 
increase in time deposits in Turkish lira (transferred, in part, from time deposits in U.S. dollars) and, to a much 
lesser extent, demand deposits in Turkish lira (as a result in part of the measures announced by the Turkish 
authorities to encourage and protect deposits denominated in Turkish lira and prevent further dollarization of 
deposits, which include increased reserve requirements and the obligation by banks to buy local currency-
denominated government bonds if less than a particular percentage of their deposits are denominated in Turkish 
lira) and demand deposits in U.S. dollars, partially offset by the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro. 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” and “Pension funds”) as of 
March 31, 2024 amounted to €9,988 million, a 28.6 per cent. increase compared with the €7,768 million as of 
December 31, 2023, mainly due to increases in mutual funds as a result of the shift towards higher profitability 
investments, partially offset by the depreciation of the Turkish lira against the euro. 
The non-performing loan ratio (as defined herein) of this operating segment decreased to 3.4 per cent. as of March 
31, 2024 from 3.8 per cent. as of December 31, 2023, mainly as a result of the growth in lending activity (as new 
lending increases the denominator used to calculate this ratio, whereas new lending is typically performing during 
the period and therefore does not affect the numerator) and the sale of a retail non-performing loan portfolio , 
offset, in part, by the higher non-performing loan net entries from the retail loan portfolios. This operating 
segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio (as defined herein) decreased to 96 per cent. as of March 31, 2024 
from 97 per cent. as of December 31, 2023. 
South America 
The South America operating segment includes the Group's banking, finance, insurance and asset management 
business mainly in Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay and Venezuela. It also includes representative 
offices in Sao Paulo (Brazil) and in Santiago (Chile). 
The main business units included in the South America operating segment are: 
־ 
Retail and Corporate Banking: includes banks in Argentina, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay and Venezuela. 
־ 
Insurance: includes insurance businesses in Argentina, Colombia and Venezuela. 
• 
As of March 31, 2024, the Colombian peso and the Peruvian sol appreciated against the euro by 1.7 per 
cent. and 2.2 per cent., respectively, compared to December 31, 2023. On the other hand, the Argentine 
peso depreciated against the euro by 3.7 per cent.. Overall, changes in exchange rates resulted in a slightly 
positive exchange rate effect on the business activity of the South America operating segment as of 
March 31, 2024 expressed in euros.  
• 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Argentine and Venezuelan economies were 
considered to be hyperinflationary as defined by IAS 29 “Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary

--- Page 646 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
646 
 
 
Economies”. See Note 2.2.18 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the application 
of IAS 29 “Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies” to hyperinflationary economies. 
• 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €7,626 
million, a 15.8 per cent. increase compared with the €6,585 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, 
mainly due to the increases in funding from deposits in Peru, in a context of contained loan growth, 
partially offset by the depreciation of the Argentine peso against the euro. 
• 
Financial assets at fair value for this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: 
“Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit 
or loss”, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income”) as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €9,823 million, a 6.5 
per cent. decrease compared with the €10,508 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly due to 
the decrease in the value of derivatives recorded under the “Financial assets held for trading” portfolio 
and in loans and advances to customers (through reverse repurchase agreements) in the “Financial assets 
held for trading” portfolio and, to a lesser extent, the depreciation of the Argentine peso against the euro. 
• 
Financial assets at amortised cost of this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €47,353 
million, a 6.4 per cent. increase compared with the €44,508 million recorded as of December 31, 2023. 
Within this heading, loans and advances to customers of this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 
amounted to €42,762 million, a 3.8 per cent. increase compared with the €41,213 million recorded as of 
December 31, 2023, mainly as a result of the increase in the retail portfolio (in particular, credit card 
loans) and in loans to non-financial corporations in Argentina, in each case in local currency, partially 
offset by the depreciation of the Argentine peso against the euro. 
• 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating 
segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €2,587 million, a 21.4 per cent. decrease compared with the 
€3,289 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly due to the decrease in the value of derivatives 
recorded under the “Financial liabilities held for trading” portfolio.  
• 
Customer deposits at amortised cost of this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €44,638 
million, a 4.9 per cent. increase compared with the €42,567 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, 
mainly as a result of the increase in demand deposits in the wholesale portfolio and in time deposits from 
households within a high interest rate environment (although central banks in the region have started to 
reduce interest reference rates), partially offset by the depreciation of the Argentine peso. 
• 
Off-balance sheet funds of this operating segment (which includes “Mutual funds” (including customers’ 
portfolios in Colombia and Peru) as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €6,028 million, a 9.1 per cent. 
increase compared with the €5,525 million as of December 31, 2023, mainly due to increases in mutual 
funds in Peru and Argentina as a result of the shift towards higher profitability investments. 
The non-performing loan ratio (as defined herein) of this operating segment increased to 5.0 per cent. as of March 
31, 2024 from 4.8 per cent. as of December 31, 2023, as a result of new Stage 3 entries in the retail portfolio 
mainly in Colombia and Peru within a context of overall unfavorable macroeconomic conditions. This operating 
segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio (as defined herein) decreased to 86 per cent. as of March 31, 2024, 
from 88 per cent. as of December 31, 2023. 
Rest of Business 
This operating segment mainly includes the wholesale activity carried out by the Group in Europe (excluding 
Spain), the United States and (through BBVA branches located therein) Asia. 
The U.S. dollar appreciated 2.2 per cent. against the euro as of March 31, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023, 
slightly positively affecting the business activity of the Rest of Business operating segment as of March 31, 2024 
expressed in euros. 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €6,172 million, 
a 30.0 per cent. increase compared with the €4,748 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly due to the

--- Page 647 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
647 
 
 
increase in cash balances held at central banks within this operating segment, since customer deposits have grown 
at a higher pace than financial assets and excess liquidity is held at central banks.  
Financial assets at fair value for this operating segment (which includes the following portfolios: “Financial assets 
held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss”, “Financial assets 
designated at fair value through profit or loss” and “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income”) as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €10,528 million, a 32.0 per cent. decrease compared with the €15,475 
million recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly due to the decrease in loans and advances (through reverse 
repurchase agreements) recorded under “Financial assets held for trading” in BBVA Securities Inc., our broker-
dealer in the United States. 
Financial assets at amortised cost of this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €44,809 million, a 
3.3 per cent. increase compared with the €43,363 million recorded as of December 31, 2023. Within this heading, 
loans and advances to customers of this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €40,858 million, a 
3.9 per cent. increase compared with the €39,322 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly due to 
increased activity in the branches located in New York and Europe, partially offset by the decreased wholesale 
loan activity in the branches located in Asia. 
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or loss of this operating segment 
as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €9,693 million, a 34.6 per cent. decrease compared with the €14,831 million 
recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly due to the decrease in deposits (through repurchase agreements) 
recorded under “Financial liabilities held for trading” in the broker-dealer BBVA Securities Inc.  
Customer deposits at amortised cost of this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €20,865 million, 
a 59.8 per cent. increase compared with the €13,056 million recorded as of December 31, 2023, mainly as a result 
of the increase in time and demand deposits in the branches located in Europe and the increase in time deposits in 
the New York branch. 
Off-balance sheet pension funds of this operating segment as of March 31, 2024 amounted to €581 million, a 2.7 
per cent. increase compared with the €566 million recorded as of December 31, 2023.  
The non-performing loan ratio (as defined herein) of this operating segment was 0.7 per cent. as of March 31, 
2024 and December 31, 2023, and was negatively affected by a new Stage 3 loan entry and positively affected by 
the growth in lending activity. This operating segment’s non-performing loan coverage ratio (as defined herein) 
decreased to 60 per cent. as of March 31, 2024, from 69 per cent. as of December 31, 2023 mainly as result of the 
aforementioned new Stage 3 loan entry. 
Organisational Structure 
For information on the composition of the Group as of 31st December, 2023, see Note 1.1 to the 2023 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The companies comprising the Group are principally domiciled in the following countries: Argentina, Belgium, 
Chile, Colombia, France, Germany, Italy, Mexico, Netherlands, Peru, Portugal, Romania, Spain, Switzerland, 
Turkey, the United Kingdom, the United States of America and Uruguay. In addition, BBVA has an active 
presence in Asia. 
Below is a simplified organisational chart of BBVA’s most significant subsidiaries as of 31st December, 2023. 
 
Subsidiary 
Country of 
Incorporation 
Activity 
BBVA Voting 
Power 
BBVA 
Ownership 
Total Assets 
(1) 
 
(in percentages) 
(in millions of euros) 
BBVA MEXICO 
MEXICO 
Bank 
100.00 
100.00 
150,904 
GARANTI BBVA 
TURKEY 
Bank 
85.97 
85.97 
56,900 
BBVA PERU 
PERU 
Bank 
92.24(2) 
46.12 
24,471 
BBVA COLOMBIA S.A. 
COLOMBIA 
Bank 
95.47 
95.47 
23,218 
BBVA SEGUROS S.A. DE 
SEGUROS Y REASEGUROS 
SPAIN 
Insurance 
99.96 
99.96 
15,006

--- Page 648 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
648 
 
 
BBVA SEGUROS MÉXICO, S.A. 
DE C.V., GRUPO FINANCIERO 
BBVA MEXICO 
MEXICO 
Insurance 
99.98 
100.00 
9,868 
BBVA PENSIONES MEXICO, S.A. 
DE C.V., GRUPO FINANCIERO 
BBVA MEXICO 
MEXICO 
Insurance 
100.00 
100.00 
8,446 
BANCO BBVA ARGENTINA S.A. 
ARGENTINA 
Bank 
67.00 
66.56 
6,738 
GARANTIBANK BBVA 
INTERNATIONAL N.V. (3) 
THE 
NETHERLANDS 
Bank 
85.97 
100.00 
5,735 
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA 
ARGENTARIA URUGUAY S.A. 
URUGUAY 
Bank 
100.00 
100.00 
3,750 
(1) 
Information for non-EU subsidiaries has been calculated using the prevailing exchange rates on 31st December, 2023. 
(2) 
Subject to certain exceptions. 
(3) 
BBVA owns 85.97 per cent. of Garanti BBVA, which in turn owns 100 per cent. of GarantiBank International N.V. 
Selected Consolidated Financial Data 
The historical financial information set forth below has been selected from, and should be read together with, the 
Consolidated Financial Statements, which are incorporated by reference herein. 
Consolidated statement of income data 
 
For the three months ended 
31st March, 
For the year ended 31st December, 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
 
(in millions of euros) 
Net interest income .................................................................. 
6,512 
23,089 
19,124 
Profit (loss) .............................................................................. 
2,307 
8,416 
6,763 
Profit (loss) attributable to owners of the parent ...................... 
2,200 
8,019 
6,358 
Consolidated balance sheet data 
 
As of 31st March, 
As at 31st December, 
 
2024 
2023 
2022 
 
(in millions of euros) 
Total assets .................................................................................  
801,690 
775,558 
712,092 
Financial assets at amortised cost ...............................................  
470,380 
451,732 
414,421 
Customers’ deposits at amortised cost ........................................  
436,763 
413,487 
394,404 
Debt certificates ..........................................................................  
77,805 
72,685 
58,717 
Non-controlling interests ............................................................  
3,775 
3,564 
3,623 
Total equity ................................................................................  
55,778 
55,265 
50,517 
Directors and Senior Management 
BBVA is managed by a Board of Directors which, in accordance with its current by-laws (Estatutos), must consist 
of no less than 5 and no more than 15 members. All members of the Board of Directors are elected to serve three-
year terms. BBVA's Board of Directors Regulations state that the Board of Directors must try to ensure that there 
is an ample majority of non-executive directors over the number of executive directors on the Board of Directors. 
BBVA's corporate governance system is based on the distribution of functions between the Board of Directors 
and the following specialised Board Committees: the Executive Committee (Comisión Delegada Permanente); 
the Audit Committee; the Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee; the Remuneration Committee; 
the Risk and Compliance Committee; and the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee. BBVA's Board of 
Directors is assisted in fulfilling its responsibilities by the Executive Committee. The Executive Committee will 
deal with those matters of the Board of Directors that the Board agrees to delegate to it, in accordance with the 
law, the Bylaws, the Board of Directors' Regulations or its own Regulations approved by the Board of Directors. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of BBVA currently comprises 15 members. The business address of the directors of BBVA 
is Calle Azul, 4, 28050 Madrid.

--- Page 649 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
649 
 
 
BBVA may, from time to time, enter into transactions in the ordinary course of its business, and on an arm's-
length basis, with the directors. 
BBVA's Board of Directors Regulations include rules which are designed to prevent situations where a potential 
conflict of interest may arise. These Regulations provide, among other matters, that directors must refrain from 
participating in deliberations and votes on resolutions or decisions in which they or a related party may have a 
direct or indirect conflict of interest, unless these are decisions relating to the appointment or removal of positions 
of the management body. Accordingly, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the private interests or 
other duties of the directors and their duties to BBVA. 
The following table sets forth the names of the members of the Board of Directors as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, their date of appointment and re-election, if applicable, their current positions and their present 
principal outside occupation and employment history.  
 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current 
Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Principal Business Activities 
and Employment History 
Carlos Torres 
Vila (1) (6) 
1966 
Chair 
May 4, 2015 
March 
18, 
2022 
Chair of the Board of Directors 
of BBVA since December 
2018. Chair of the Executive 
Committee 
and 
of 
the 
Technology and Cybersecurity 
Committee of the Board of 
Directors of BBVA. Director 
at 
the 
following 
Group 
companies: Grupo Financiero 
BBVA México, S.A. de C.V. 
and BBVA México S.A., 
Institución de Banca Múltiple, 
Grupo 
Financiero 
BBVA 
México. 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer of BBVA from May 
2015 to December 2018. He 
started at BBVA in September 
2008 
holding 
senior 
management posts such as 
Head of Digital Banking from 
March 2014 to May 2015 and 
Head of Strategy & Corporate 
Development from January 
2009 to March 2014. He 
previously held positions of 
responsibility 
in 
other 
companies, such as Chief 
Financial 
Officer 
and 
Corporate Director of Strategy 
and member of the Executive 
Committee of Endesa, as well 
as elected partner at McKinsey 
& Company. 
Onur Genç (1) 
1974 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
December 
20, 2018 
March 
18, 
2022 
Chief Executive Officer of 
BBVA since December 2018. 
Director 
at 
the following 
Group 
companies: 
Grupo 
Financiero BBVA México, 
S.A. de C.V. and BBVA 
México S.A., Institución de 
Banca 
Múltiple, 
Grupo 
Financiero BBVA México. 
President and CEO of BBVA

--- Page 650 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
650 
 
 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current 
Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Principal Business Activities 
and Employment History 
USA and BBVA's Country 
Manager in the United States 
from 
January 
2017 
to 
December 2018, Deputy CEO 
at Garanti BBVA between 
2015 and 2017 and Executive 
Vice President for retail and 
private banking at Garanti 
BBVA between 2012 and 
2015. 
He 
has 
also 
held 
positions of responsibility in 
different 
McKinsey 
& 
Company offices, having been 
a Senior Partner and Manager 
of its Turkish office. 
José Miguel 
Andrés 
Torrecillas (1) 
(2) (3) (8) 
1955 
Deputy 
Chair 
(Independent 
Director) 
March 
13, 
2015 
March 
15, 
2024 
Deputy Chair of the Board of 
Directors of BBVA since April 
2019. Chair of the Audit 
Committee 
and 
of 
the 
Appointments and Corporate 
Governance Committee of the 
Board of Directors of BBVA. 
Chair of Ernst & Young Spain 
from 2004 to 2014, where he 
was a partner since 1987 and 
also held a series of senior 
offices, including Managing 
Partner of the Banking Group 
from 1989 to 2004, General 
Managing Partner for Audit 
and Advisory Services at Ernst 
& Young Spain from 2001 to 
2004, and Managing Director 
of the Audit and Advisory 
practices at Ernst & Young 
Italy and Portugal from 2008 
to 2013. He has been director 
of Zardoya Otis, S.A. from 
2015 to 2022. He has been a 
member 
of 
various 
organisations such as the 
ROAC (Official Registry of 
Auditors), the REA (Registry 
of Economic Auditors), the 
Governing 
Board 
of 
the 
Spanish Institute of Financial 
Analysts, Empresa y Sociedad 
Foundation, Spanish Institute 
of 
Chartered 
Accountants, 
Advisory Board of the Institute 
of Internal Auditors; and of the 
Institute 
of 
Chartered 
Accountants in England & 
Wales (the ICAEW). 
Jaime 
Félix 
Caruana 
Lacorte(1) (2) (5) 
1952 
Independent 
Director 
March 
16, 
2018 
March 
15, 
2024 
Member of the China Banking 
and 
Insurance 
Regulatory 
Commission's 
(CBIRC) 
International 
Advisory

--- Page 651 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
651 
 
 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current 
Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Principal Business Activities 
and Employment History 
Committee from 2019 to 2023 
and General Manager of the 
Bank 
of 
International 
Settlements 
(BIS) 
between 
2009 and 2017. Between 2006 
and 2009 he was Head of the 
Monetary and Capital Markets 
Department 
and 
Financial 
Counselor of the General 
Manager at the International 
Monetary 
Fund 
(IMF), 
between 2003 and 2006 he was 
Chair of the Basel Committee 
on Banking Supervision, and 
between 2000 and 2006 he was 
Governor of the Bank of Spain 
and member of the Governing 
Council 
of 
the 
European 
Central Bank. 
Enrique 
Casanueva 
Nárdiz (*) 
1961 
Independent 
Director 
March 
15, 
2024 
Not 
applicable 
Executive Director in the 
Investment 
Banking 
department at Goldman Sachs 
(1991-1995) 
and 
General 
Director 
of 
Investment 
Banking Spain and Portugal at 
Banco 
Santander, 
in 
the 
Santander Investment Area 
(1995-2000). Likewise, he has 
held 
various 
positions 
of 
responsibility at J.P. Morgan 
as 
Managing 
Director 
responsible 
for 
Investment 
Banking Spain and Portugal 
(2000-2006), President and 
CEO of Spain and Portugal 
and member of the EMEA 
Management 
Committee 
(2006-2015) and Head of 
Southern 
Europe, 
Nordic 
Countries, Central and Eastern 
Europe, Ireland and Israel and 
member 
of 
the 
EMEA 
Executive Committee (2015-
2017). 
Sonia 
Lilia 
Dulá (2) (5)  
1961 
Independent 
Director 
March 
17, 
2023 
Not 
applicable 
Independent 
director 
at 
Huntsman 
Corporation, 
Acciona and Acciona Energía, 
as well as a lifetime member of 
the 
Council 
on 
Foreign 
Relations. Vice President of 
Equity Capital Markets for 
Latin America at Goldman 
Sachs 
Group 
(1992-1995), 
Head of Wealth Management 
for Latin America (2010-2013) 
and Vice Chair of Global 
Corporate 
and 
Investment 
Banking for Latin America

--- Page 652 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
652 
 
 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current 
Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Principal Business Activities 
and Employment History 
(2013-2018) 
at 
Bank 
of 
America Merrill Lynch. She 
has 
been 
also 
CEO 
of  
Telemundo Studios Mexico 
(1996-1999) and Co-founder 
and CEO of Internet Group of 
Brazil (1999-2000) and of 
Obsidiana (2000-2001) and 
CEO of Grupo Latino de Radio 
(2002-2006). 
Raúl Catarino 
Galamba 
de 
Oliveira (3) (5) 
(6)(7) 
1964 
Independent 
Director 
March 
13, 
2020 
March 
17, 
2023 
Lead Director of BBVA since 
April 2022 and Chair of the 
Risk 
and 
Compliance 
Committee of the Board of 
Directors 
of 
BBVA. 
Independent Chair of the 
Board of Directors of CTT- 
Correios de Portugal, S.A. and 
non-executive director of José 
de Mello Saúde and José de 
Mello Capital. His career path 
has been mainly linked to 
McKinsey & Company, where 
he was appointed partner in 
1995, director of the global 
practice of financial services in 
2000, Managing Partner for 
Spain and Portugal between 
2005 and 2011, Managing 
Partner of Global Risk practice 
between 
2013 
and 
2016, 
member 
of 
the 
Global 
Shareholders' Council from 
2005 to 2011, member of the 
Global Partner Election and 
Evaluation 
Committees 
between 
2001 
and 
2017, 
member of the Remuneration 
Committee from 2005 to 2013 
and Chair of the Global 
Learning Board from 2006 to 
2011. 
Belén Garijo 
López(1) (3) (4) 
1960 
External Director 
March 
16, 
2012 
March 
15, 
2024 
Chair of the Remuneration 
Committee of the Board of 
Directors of BBVA. Chair of 
the Executive Board and CEO 
of Merck Group, member of 
the Board of Directors of 
L'Oréal and, since 2011, Chair 
of the International Senior 
Executive Committee (ISEC) 
of PhRMA (Pharmaceutical 
Research and Manufacturers 
of America). Previously, she 
has held various positions of 
responsibility 
at 
Abbott 
Laboratories 
(1989–1996), 
Rhône-Poulenc (1996–1999),

--- Page 653 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
653 
 
 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current 
Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Principal Business Activities 
and Employment History 
Aventis Pharma (1999–2004), 
Sanofi Aventis (2004–2011) 
and Merck (since 2011). 
Connie 
Hedegaard 
Koksbang(2) 
1960 
Independent 
Director 
March 
18, 
2022 
Not 
applicable 
Independent 
director 
at 
Danfoss A/S. She participates 
on 
an 
ongoing 
basis 
in 
international 
forums 
and 
organisations 
and 
in 
foundations such as member of 
the Supervisory Board at the 
European Climate Foundation, 
Chair of the OECD's Round 
Table 
on 
Sustainable 
Development, member of the 
Climate 
and 
Environment 
Advisory 
Council 
of 
the 
European Investment Bank 
(EIB), member of the Villum 
Foundation, Chair of the Board 
of 
Trustees 
at 
the 
KR 
Foundation, 
Chair 
of 
CONCITO, 
Chair 
of 
the 
European 
Commission's 
Mission Adaptation to Climate 
Change, 
including 
Social 
Change, Chair of the Board at 
Aarhus 
University, 
and 
member of the Sustainability 
Council at Volkswagen and 
advisor to the Board of Gazelle 
Wind Power. She has been 
non-executive 
director 
of 
Nordex SE from 2016 to 2022 
and of Cadeler A/S from 2020  
to 2023. She has held various 
positions in the public sector in 
Denmark and the European 
Union, 
such 
as 
EU 
Commissioner 
for 
Climate 
Action, Danish Minister for 
Climate and Energy, Minister 
for Environment, and Minister 
for Nordic Cooperation. 
Lourdes Máiz 
Carro(2) (4) 
1959 
Independent 
Director 
March 
14, 
2014 
March 
17, 
2023 
Independent 
director 
at 
Actividades de Contrucción y 
Servicios, S.A. Secretary of 
the Board of Directors and 
Head of Legal Services at 
Iberia, 
Líneas 
Aéreas 
de 
España from 2001 until 2016; 
as well as Director of several 
companies, including Renfe, 
GIF 
(Gerencia 
de 
Infraestructuras Ferroviarias – 
Railway 
Infrastructure 
Administrator, now ADIF), the 
ICO (Instituto de Crédito 
Oficial 
– 
Official 
Credit

--- Page 654 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
654 
 
 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current 
Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Principal Business Activities 
and Employment History 
Institution), 
Aldeasa 
and 
Banco Hipotecario. Joined the 
Spanish State Counsel Corps 
(Cuerpo de Abogados del 
Estado) in 1992  and held 
various senior positions in the 
Public 
Administration, 
including 
Director of 
the 
Cabinet 
of 
the 
Assistant 
Secretary 
of 
Public 
Administration, Director of the 
Cabinet 
of 
the 
Assistant 
Secretary 
of 
Education; 
General 
Director 
of 
Administrative Organisation, 
Personnel and IT, General 
Director 
of 
the 
Sociedad 
Estatal 
de 
Participaciones 
Patrimoniales (SEPPA) within 
the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance and Technical General 
Secretary of the Ministry of 
Agriculture, 
Fisheries 
and 
Food. 
Cristina 
de 
Parias Halcón 
(*) 
1965 
External Director 
March 
15, 
2024 
Not 
applicable 
Independent 
director 
of 
Endesa, S.A.  and of Sanitas 
Seguros. 
Director 
at 
the 
following Group companies: 
BBVA 
México, 
S.A., 
Institución de Banca Múltiple, 
Grupo 
Financiero 
BBVA 
México 
and 
of 
Grupo 
Financiero BBVA México, 
S.A. de C.V. and member of 
the Board of Trustees of the 
BBVA 
Microfinance 
Foundation. 
Director 
of 
Marketing and Multichannel 
for retail clients and Director 
of 
the 
Personal 
Banking 
business unit (Citigold), both 
positions at Citibank (1995-
1998). She has held positions 
of maximum responsibility at 
BBVA such as Director of the 
Consumer 
Financing 
subsidiary (Finanzia) and CEO 
of Uno-e Bank (2005-2008), 
Director 
of 
New 
Digital 
Businesses 
(2008-2011), 
Territorial 
Director 
Center 
(2011-2014) 
and 
Country 
Manager Spain and Portugal 
from 2014 to 2019.

--- Page 655 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
655 
 
 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current 
Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Principal Business Activities 
and Employment History 
Ana Cristina 
Peralta 
Moreno (2) (4) 
1961 
Independent 
Director 
March 
16, 
2018 
March 
15, 
2024 
Independent 
director 
of 
Grenergy Renovables, S.A. 
and of Inmobiliaria Colonial, 
SOCIMI, S.A. She was an 
independent member of the 
Board of Directors at Deutsche 
Bank SAE from 2014 to 2018 
and of Banco Etcheverría, S.A. 
from 2013 to 2014, as well as 
independent director of Grupo 
Lar 
Holding 
Residencial, 
S.A.U. and Senior Advisor at 
Oliver 
Wyman 
Financial 
Services. General Director of 
Risks and member of the 
Management Committee of 
Banco Pastor, S.A. between 
2008 and 2011. Before that, 
she held several positions at 
Bankinter, 
including 
Chief 
Risk Officer and member of 
the Management Committee 
between 2004 and 2008. 
Ana 
Leonor 
Revenga 
Shanklin 
(4) 
(5)(6) 
1963 
Independent 
Director 
March 
13, 
2020 
March 
17, 
2023 
Senior Fellow at the Brookings 
Institution and Chair of the 
ISEAK Foundation Board of 
Trustees 
since 
2018 
and 
Associate Professor at the 
Walsh School of Foreign 
Service 
at 
Georgetown 
University from 2019 to 2021. 
Member of the Board of 
Trustees 
of 
the 
BBVA 
Microfinance Foundation and 
of the Advisory Council of 
ESADE EcPol - Center for 
Economic Policy and Political 
Economy since 2019. Non-
executive director of Revenga 
Ingenieros, S.A. She has held 
several 
positions 
of 
responsibility at the World 
Bank, 
including 
Senior 
Director Global of the Poverty 
and Equity practice between 
2014 and 2016 and Deputy 
Chief 
Economist 
between 
2016 and 2017. 
Carlos 
Vicente 
Salazar 
Lomelín (4) 
1951 
External Director 
March 
13, 
2020 
March 
17 
2023 
Independent 
director 
of 
Sukarne, S.A. de C.V. since 
2017, of Alsea, S.A.B. de C.V. 
since 2019, and of CYDSA 
Corporativo, S.A. de C.V. 
since 2022. Director of the 
following Group companies: 
Grupo 
Financiero 
BBVA 
México, S.A. de C.V., BBVA

--- Page 656 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
656 
 
 
Name 
Birth 
Year 
Current 
Position 
Date 
Nominated 
Date 
Re-elected 
Principal Business Activities 
and Employment History 
México, S.A., Institución de 
Banca 
Múltiple, 
Grupo 
Financiero BBVA México, 
BBVA Seguros México, S.A. 
de C.V. Grupo Financiero 
BBVA 
México, 
BBVA 
Pensiones México, S.A. de 
C.V. Grupo Financiero BBVA 
México and BBVA Seguros 
Salud México, S.A. de C.V. 
Grupo 
Financiero 
BBVA 
México. Chair of the Consejo 
Coordinador Empresarial de 
México (the Mexican Business 
Coordinating Council) from 
2019 to 2022.  His career path 
has been linked to the Grupo 
Fomento 
Económico 
Mexicano S.A.B. de C.V. 
(Femsa) until 2019, having 
held roles such as General 
Manager 
of 
Cervecería 
Cuauhtémoc-Moctezuma, 
Manager of Coca-Cola Femsa 
and 
General 
Manager 
of 
Femsa. 
Jan 
Paul 
Marie Francis 
Verplancke (4) 
(6) 
1963 
Independent 
Director 
March 
16, 
2018 
March 
15, 
2024 
Advisor 
to 
the 
internal 
advisory board at Abdul Latif 
Jameel and CEO of Vestraco, 
S.à.R.L. In his professional 
career, he served as Chief 
Information Officer and Group 
Head 
of 
Technology 
and 
Banking 
Operations 
of 
Standard 
Chartered 
Bank 
between 2004 and 2015, Vice 
President of Technology and 
Chief Information Officer, in 
the EMEA region of Dell 
(1999-2004) as well as Vice 
President 
and 
Chief 
of 
Architecture 
and 
Vice 
President of Information of the 
Youth 
Category 
at 
Levi 
Strauss (1994 -1999). 
(*) 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the authorisation by the European Central Bank of Enrique Casanueva Nárdiz and Cristina de 
Parias Halcón’s suitability to carry out the role of director of BBVA is pending. 
(1) 
Member of the Executive Committee. 
(2) 
Member of the Audit Committee. 
(3) 
Member of the Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee. 
(4) 
Member of the Remuneration Committee. 
(5) 
Member of the Risk and Compliance Committee. 
(6) 
Member of the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee. 
(7) 
Lead Director. 
(8) 
Deputy Chair.

--- Page 657 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
657 
 
 
Major Shareholders and Share Capital 
On 5th February, 2024, Blackrock Inc. reported to the CNMV that it beneficially owned 7.2 per cent. of BBVA’s 
common stock. 
On 8th November, 2023, Capital Research and Management Company reported to the CNMV that it has a direct 
holding of BBVA common stock totalling 3.010 per cent., of which 3.007 per cent. are voting rights attributed to 
shares and 0.003 per cent. are voting rights held through financial instruments.  
As of 26th February, 2024, no other person, corporation or government beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, 
five per cent. or more of BBVA’s shares. BBVA’s major shareholders do not have voting rights which are different 
from those held by the rest of its shareholders. To the extent known to BBVA, BBVA is not controlled, directly 
or indirectly, by any other corporation, government or any other natural or legal person. 
As of 26th February, 2024, there were 731,877 registered holders of BBVA’s shares, with an aggregate of 
5,837,953,452 shares, of which 691 shareholders with registered addresses in the United States held a total of 
1,530,287,426 shares (including shares represented by American Depositary Shares evidenced by American 
Depositary Receipts (ADRs)). Since certain of such shares and ADRs are held by nominees, the foregoing figures 
are not representative of the number of beneficial holders. 
Legal Proceedings 
Spanish judicial authorities are investigating the activities of Cenyt. Such investigation includes the provision of 
services by Cenyt to BBVA. On July 29, 2019, BBVA was named as an investigated party (investigado) in a 
criminal judicial investigation (Preliminary Proceeding No. 96/2017 – Piece No. 9, Central Investigating Court 
No. 6 of the National High Court) for alleged facts which could constitute bribery, revelation of secrets and 
corruption. Certain current and former officers and employees of the Group, as well as former directors, have also 
been named as investigated parties in connection with this investigation. Since the beginning of the investigation, 
BBVA has been proactively collaborating with the Spanish judicial authorities, including sharing with the courts 
information obtained in the internal investigation hired by the entity in 2019 to contribute to the clarification of 
the facts.  
By order of the Criminal Chamber of the National High Court, the pre-trial phase ended on January 29, 2024. The 
Prosecution (Ministerio Fiscal) has requested the presiding Judge to direct the proceedings against BBVA and 
certain current and former officers and employees of BBVA, as well as certain former directors, without any 
judicial decision having been made at this time in response to such request nor any formal accusation against 
BBVA and such directors, officers and employees been made. It is not possible at this time to predict the possible 
outcomes or implications for the Group of this matter, including any fines, damages or harm to the Group's 
reputation caused thereby. 
The Group operates in legal and regulatory environments that expose it to potentially significant legal and 
regulatory actions and proceedings, including legal claims and proceedings, civil and criminal regulatory 
proceedings, governmental and judicial investigations and proceedings, tax proceedings and other proceedings in 
jurisdictions around the world. Legal and regulatory actions and proceedings are subject to many uncertainties, 
and their outcomes, including the timing thereof, the amount of fines or settlements or the form of any settlements 
arising therefrom, or changes in business practices the Group may need to introduce as a result thereof, any of 
which may be material and are often difficult to predict, particularly in the early stages of a particular legal or 
regulatory matter. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, and in addition to as described above, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries 
are involved in a number of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings in various jurisdictions around the world 
(including, among others, Spain, Mexico and the United States), the adverse resolution of which may also 
adversely impact the Group. See "Risk Factors—Legal, Regulatory, Tax and Compliance Risks— Legal Risks—
The Group is party to a number of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings". 
The Group can provide no assurance that the legal and regulatory actions and proceedings to which it is subject, 
or to which it may become subject in the future or otherwise affected by, will not, if resolved adversely, result in 
a material adverse effect on the Group's business financial position or results of operations.

--- Page 658 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. 
 
 
658 
 
 
Regulation of the New York Branch and of BBVA in the United States 
The New York Branch is licensed by the Superintendent of Financial Services of the State of New York (the 
"Superintendent") under the banking law of the State of New York. The New York Branch is examined by the 
New York State Department of Financial Services and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and 
is subject to banking laws and regulations applicable to a foreign bank that operates a branch in New York State. 
New York State banking law authorises the Superintendent to take possession of the business and property of the 
New York branch of a foreign bank under circumstances similar to those that would permit the Superintendent to 
take possession of the business and property of a state-chartered bank. These circumstances include the violation 
of any law, unsafe business procedures, capital impairments, suspension of payment of obligations, the initiation 
of liquidation proceedings against the foreign bank in the jurisdiction of its domicile or elsewhere or the existence 
of reason to doubt its ability or willingness to pay in full the accepted claims specified in New York State banking 
law. Pursuant to Section 606.4 of New York State banking law, in liquidating or dealing with the foreign bank 
branch's business after taking possession of the branch, the claims of creditors which arose out of transactions 
with the branch may be accepted or rejected by the Superintendent; those which are not rejected are "accepted" 
with respect to the branch's assets to the exclusion of the claims of other creditors of the foreign bank, without 
prejudice to the rights of the holders of such "accepted" claims to be satisfied out of other assets of the foreign 
bank. 
In addition to being subject to New York State banking law and regulations via the New York Branch, BBVA is 
subject to certain other state regulations and to United States federal regulation, including under the Bank Holding 
Company Act of 1956, as amended.

--- Page 659 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
 
 
 
659 
 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer's 
country of tax residence, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Securities. 
Preliminary consideration: Tax residence of the Issuer 
The Issuer is incorporated as a private company with limited liability under the laws of the Netherlands. On the 
basis of section 2 subsection 4 Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969), 
a company which is incorporated under Dutch law, is considered to be resident of the Netherlands for Dutch 
domestic tax purposes. This notwithstanding the fact the effective management of the company is currently carried 
out from Spain, since the key management and commercial decisions that are necessary to conduct the entity's 
business are taken from Spain. On the basis of such circumstance, the Issuer is also regarded as resident in Spain 
for tax purposes, as provided by Law 27/2014, of November 27, on Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades). 
Under this scenario in which the Issuer is resident for tax purposes both in Spain and in the Netherlands, the 
provisions contained in the Convention between the Netherlands and Spain for the Avoidance of Double Taxation 
with respect to Taxes on Income and on Net Wealth (the "Convention") apply. The Convention was ratified by 
Instrument made in Madrid on June 16, 1971 and was published on the Spanish National Gazette on October 16, 
1972. 
Pursuant to section 4 subsection 4 of the Convention (which deals with the general criteria followed by the 
Convention to consider a person as a resident of a Contracting State), an entity which is a resident of both Spain 
and the Netherlands is considered to be a resident of the State in which the place of its effective management is 
located (i.e., Spain). 
Responsibility for Withholding 
Payments in respect of Securities will be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by 
law. In that event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will (subject to certain exceptions described in 
General Condition 7) pay such additional amounts as will result in the holders of Securities receiving such amounts 
as they would have received in respect of such Securities had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
Spanish Taxation 
The following summary refers solely to certain Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of the Securities. The tax consequences described in this section are based on the general assumption 
that the Securities are initially registered for clearance and settlement in DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the Securities and 
does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which might 
be subject to special rules. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors as to the consequences 
under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of Spain of acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Securities and receiving any payments under the Securities. This summary is based upon 
the Spanish State law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may 
take effect after such date. Regional tax laws may alter the consequences outlined in this summary in certain 
circumstances. References in this section to Securityholders include the beneficial owners of the Securities. 
Acquisition of the Securities 
The issue of, subscription for, transfer and acquisition of the Securities is exempt from Transfer and Stamp Tax 
(Impuesto sobre Transmisiones Patrimoniales y Actos Jurídicos Documentados) and Value Added Tax (Impuesto 
sobre el Valor Añadido).

--- Page 660 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
660 
 
 
Taxation on the income and transfer of the securities 
The tax treatment of the acquisition, holding and subsequent transfer of the Securities is summarised below and 
is based on the tax regime applicable to the Securities pursuant to Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004 of March 5 
approving the consolidated text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law, as amended (Impuesto sobre la Renta de 
los no Residentes), Law 27/2014 of November 27, 2014 approving the consolidated text of the Corporate Income 
Tax Law, as amended (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) and Law 35/2006 of November 28, 2006 on Personal Tax 
Law, as amended (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas), Law 19/1991 of June 6, 1991 approving the 
Wealth Tax Law, as amended (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio), and Law 29/1987 of December 18, 1987 approving 
the Inheritance and Gift Tax Law, as amended (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones). Consideration has also 
been given to the rules for the implementation of such regulations (Royal Decree 1776/2004 of July 30 approving 
the Non-Resident Income Tax Regulations, Royal Decree 439/2007 of March 30, approving the Individuals 
Income Tax Regulations as amended by Royal Decree 1003/2014 of December 5, 2014 and Royal Decree 
634/2015 of July 10, 2015 approving the Corporate Income Tax Regulations). 
Consideration has also been given to Spanish legislation on the issuance of preferred securities and debt securities 
issued by Spanish financial and non-financial listed entities, either directly or through a subsidiary (Law 10/2014, 
and RD 1065/2007 (as amended by RD 1145/2011), approving the General Regulations relating to tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes). 
Income obtained by Securityholders who are Non-Resident Income Tax payers in Spain in respect of the 
Securities 
Income obtained by Securityholders who are Non-Resident Income Tax payers, both in respect of interest and in 
connection with the transfer, repayment or redemption of the Securities, whether or not through a permanent 
establishment, shall be considered Spanish source income and therefore subject to taxation in Spain under Royal 
Legislative Decree 5/2004 of March 5 approving the consolidated text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law, as 
amended, without prejudice to the provisions contained in any applicable tax treaty for the avoidance of double 
taxation ("DTT"). 
Income not obtained through a permanent establishment in Spain in respect of the Securities 
Income obtained by Securityholders who are not tax resident in Spain acting for these purposes without a 
permanent establishment within Spain is exempt from Non-Resident Income Tax in the terms described under 
"Tax Reporting Obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor" below. 
Income obtained through a permanent establishment in Spain in respect of the Securities / Corporate 
Income Tax taxpayers 
The holding of Securities by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself create the 
existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Income obtained by non-Spanish resident holders acting through a permanent establishment in Spain in respect 
of the Securities will be taxed under the rules provided by Chapter III of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law. 
These Securityholders will be subject to taxation substantially in the same manner as Spanish Corporate Income 
Tax taxpayers and, therefore, it shall be computed as taxable income in accordance with the general rules set out 
in the Corporate Income Tax Law and will therefore be taxed at the general current rate of 25 per cent. 
Income derived from the transfer and holding of the Securities shall not be subject to withholding tax as provided 
by Section 61(s) of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, to the extent that the Securities are traded on organised 
markets in OECD countries. 
For withholding on income derived from payment of interest, redemption or repayment of the Securities see "Tax 
Reporting Obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor". 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain 
Income obtained by Securityholders who are Personal Income Tax payers, both as interest and in connection with 
the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Securities, shall be considered income on investments obtained from 
the assignment of an individual's capital to third parties, as defined in Section 25.2 of Individuals Income Tax

--- Page 661 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
661 
 
 
Law and therefore will be taxed as savings income at the applicable rate currently varying from 19 per cent. to 28 
per cent. (in particular, 19 per cent. for taxable income up to €6,000; 21 per cent. for taxable income between 
€6,000.01 to €50,000; 23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 and €200,000; 27 per cent. for taxable 
income between €200,000.01 and €300,000; and 28 per cent. for taxable income in excess of €300,000). 
As a general rule, the above mentioned income will be subject to the corresponding personal income tax 
withholding at the applicable tax rate (currently 19 per cent.). However, Article 44 of the RD 1065/2007 has 
established new information procedures for debt instruments issued under the Law 10/2014 (which do not require 
identification of the Securityholders) and has provided that the interest will be paid by the relevant Issuer to the 
Paying Agent for the whole amount, provided that such information procedures are complied with. 
Nevertheless, withholding tax at the applicable rate (currently 19 per cent.) may have to be deducted by other 
entities (such as depositaries or financial entities), provided that such entities are resident for tax purposes in Spain 
or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor consider that, according to RD 1145/2011, they are not obliged to withhold any tax 
amount provided that the new simplified information procedures (which do not require identification of the 
Securityholders) are complied with by the Paying Agent as it is described in section "Tax Reporting Obligations 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor". 
However, regarding the interpretation of the "Tax Reporting Obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor" please 
refer to "Risk Factors – Spanish Tax Rules may impose withholding tax in certain circumstances (subject to certain 
exceptions) and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is obliged to pay additional amounts in such event." 
Wealth Tax and Solidarity Tax 
Under Law 19/1991, June 6, 1991, as amended, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax 
on all their assets (such as the Securities) owned every 31 December irrespective of where the assets are located 
to the extent that their net worth exceeds €700,000. Therefore, they should take into account the value of the 
Securities which they hold as at December 31, 2024. 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a DTT in relation to Wealth Tax would 
generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and rights 
located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory, exceed €700,000 would be subject to Wealth 
Tax at the applicable rates, ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent., without prejudice of any exemption 
that should be applicable and the laws and regulations in force in each Autonomous Region. 
Legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
In addition to the above, the so-called “Solidarity Tax” was approved in December 2022 and, although it was 
introduced as a two year direct wealth tax that, in December 2023, it has been extended indefinitely. In general 
terms, it applies, under certain conditions, to those residents in an autonomous region where the Wealth Tax is 
partial or fully exempt. The amount payable for this tax could be reduced by the amount paid for Wealth Tax. 
 The current rates of the “Solidarity Tax” are as follows: 
Notwithstanding the above, note that this regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000 which 
means that its effective impact, in general, will occur when the net wealth, not tax exempt, are greater than €3.7 
million. 
Taxable base up to (€) 
Tax due (€) 
Rest of taxable base (€) 
Rate 
0.00 
0.00 
3,000,000.00 
0% 
3,000,000.00 
0.00 
2,347,998.03 
1.7% 
5,347,998.03 
39,915,97 
5,347,998.03 
2.1% 
10,695,996.06 
152,223,93 
Any excess 
3.5%

--- Page 662 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
662 
 
 
Note that this tax information is applicable in the Spanish common territory, without prejudice to the regional tax 
regimes of Concert and Economic Agreement in force, respectively, in the historical territories of the Basque 
Country and in the Foral Community of Navarra, or those other exceptional ones that may be applicable by the 
specific characteristics of the relevant investors.  
Prospective investors are advised to seek their own professional advice in this regard. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
The transfer of the Securities to individuals by inheritance, legacy or donation shall be subject to the general rules 
of Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) in accordance with the applicable Spanish 
and State rules even if title passes outside Spain and neither the heir nor the beneficiary, as the case may be, is 
resident in Spain for tax purposes, without prejudice to the provisions of any DTT signed by Spain. 
The effective tax rates, after applying all relevant factors, range between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. 
However, the Judgment from the European Court of Justice dated September 3, 2014 has declared that Spanish 
Inheritance and Gift Tax Law is against the principle of free movement of capital within the EU as the Spanish 
residents are granted tax benefits that, in practice, allow them to pay much lower taxes than non residents. 
According to Law 26/2014, it will be possible to apply tax benefits approved in some Spanish regions to EU 
residents following specific rules. 
In the event that the beneficiary is an entity other than a natural person, the income obtained shall be subject to 
Corporate Income Tax or Non-Resident Income Tax, as the case may be, and without prejudice, in the latter event, 
to the provisions of any DTT that may apply. 
Tax rules for payments made by the Guarantor 
Payments which may be made by the Guarantor to Securityholders, if the Guarantee is enforced, will be subject 
to the same tax rules previously set out for payments made by the Issuer. 
Tax Reporting Obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
RD 1145/2011 modified, among other provisions, article 44 of RD 1065/2007, which sets out the reporting 
obligations applicable to preference shares and debt instruments issued under Law 10/2014. The new procedures 
apply to interest deriving from preference shares and debt instruments to which Law 10/2014 refers, including 
debt instruments issued at a discount for a period equal to or less than twelve months. 
Securities originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain 
According to the literal wording of article 44.5 of RD 1065/2007, income derived from securities originally 
registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain, that are recognised by Spanish 
law or by the law of another OECD country (such as Euroclear or Clearstream), will be paid free of Spanish 
withholding tax provided that the Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer submits a statement to the issuer, in 
accordance with the form attached as annex to RD 1065/2007 (see "Supplementary Annex" below), with the 
following information: 
(i) 
identification of the securities; and 
(ii) 
total amount of the income corresponding to each clearing house located outside Spain. 
Common References 
For these purposes, "income" means interest and the difference, if any, between the aggregate redemption price 
paid upon the redemption of the Securities and the issue price of the Securities. 
In accordance with Section 44 of RD 1065/2007, the statements mentioned above must be provided to the relevant 
Issuer on the business day immediately prior to each interest payment date. In the event that on the date, the 
entities obliged to provide the declaration fail to do so, the relevant Issuer or the Paying Agent on its behalf will

--- Page 663 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
663 
 
 
make a withholding at the general rate (currently 19 per cent.) on the total amount of the return on the relevant 
Securities otherwise payable to such entity. Regarding the interpretation of Article 44 RD 1065/2007 and the new 
simplified information procedures please see "Risk Factors - Spanish Tax Rules may impose withholding tax in 
certain circumstances (subject to certain exceptions) and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is obliged to pay 
additional amounts in such event." 
Please note that this is for general information purposes only and is not intended to be nor shall it be deemed to 
be, or constitute legal advice. 
Refund by the Spanish tax authorities 
Securityholders who might otherwise have been entitled to a gross payment but in respect of whom the Principal 
Paying Agent does not provide with the relevant Supplementary Annex on or before the 10th calendar day of the 
month that follows the month in which the interest is payable may seek a refund of Spanish tax withheld directly 
from the Spanish tax authorities.

--- Page 664 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
664 
 
 
Set out below is the Supplementary Annex in English which has been translated from the original Spanish. Such 
translation constitutes a direct, accurate and complete translation of the Spanish language text. In the event of 
any discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the Supplementary Annex and the corresponding 
English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to the Spanish language version of the relevant 
Supplementary Annex only. 
ANEXO SUPLEMENTARIO 
SUPPLEMENTARY ANNEX 
Anexo al Reglamento al General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria 
y de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, aprobado por 
Real Decreto 1065/2007 
Annex to the General Regulations of the actions and procedures of tax administration and inspection and 
development of common rules of procedures for application of taxes, approved by Royal Decree 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General de 
las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas 
comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4, and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the actions and 
procedures of tax administration and inspection and development of common rules of procedures for application 
of taxes 
Don (nombre), 
Mr (name), 
con número de identificación fiscal (1) 
with tax identification number (1) 
en nombre y representación de (entidad declarante), 
in the name and on behalf of (the reporting entity), 
con número de identificación fiscal (1) 
with tax identification number (1) 
y domicilio en 
and domicile 
en calidad de (marcar la letra que proceda): 
acting as (check the appropriate letter): 
(a) 
Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
(a) 
Public Debt Market Participant. 
(b) 
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero. 
(b) 
Clearing System outside of Spain. 
(c) 
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación y 
liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español.

--- Page 665 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
665 
 
 
(c) 
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties in the clearing system domiciled in Spain. 
(d) 
Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
(d) 
Paying agent appointed by the issuer. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
The following statement is made according to what is on your own records: 
1. 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
1 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
1.1 
Identificación de los valores 
1.1 
Identification of the securities 
1.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) 
1.2 
Date of payment of the income (or refund if securities issued at a discount or segregated): 
1.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores 
emitidos al descuento o segregados) 
1.3 
Amount of total income (or total amount to be reimbursed, if any, are securities issued at a 
discount or segregated) 
1.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la 
Renta de las Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en 
cuyo reembolso intervenga una Entidad Gestora 
1.4 
Amount of income corresponding to taxpayers of Natural Person Income Tax, except segregated 
coupons and segregated principal in which repayment involves a Clearing System Direct 
Participant 
1.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse 
por su importe íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento 
o segregados) 
1.5 
Amount of income which, in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article 44, must be paid in full 
amount (or total amount to be reimbursed if they are securities issued at a discount or 
segregated) 
2. 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44 
2 
In connection with paragraph 5 of Article 44 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores 
2.1 
Identification of securities 
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) 
2.2 
Date of payment of income (or refund if the securities are issued at a discount or segregated)

--- Page 666 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
666 
 
 
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al 
descuento o segregados) 
2.3 
Total income (or total amount to repay if securities issued at a discount or segregated) 
2.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y 
liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero A. 
2.4 
Total amount of income corresponding to the clearing system located outside of Spain A. 
2.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y 
liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero B. 
2.5 
Total amount of income corresponding to the clearing system located outside of Spain B. 
2.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y 
liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero C. 
2.6 
Total amount of income corresponding to the clearing system located outside of Spain C. 
Lo que declaro en ……………… a .… de ……………...de …. 
I stated this in ………………………………………. on .. of ……………. of ….. 
(1) En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará 
constar el número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de 
residencia. 
(1) In case of individuals, or entities, non-residents without permanent establishment shall include the 
identification number or code as appropriate in accordance with their country of residence. 
Tax reporting related to Article 100.3 of the Spanish Personal Income Tax Law 
According to Article 100.3 of the Spanish Personal Income Tax Law, in the case of any Individual with tax 
residence in Spain acquired an Implicit Yield Security, this Individual will only be entitled to either sale or obtain 
the reimbursement of the Implicit Yield Securities should the income derived from such Securities be subject to 
withholding tax, if the previous acquisition of these Securities was made with the intervention of a notary or a 
financial institution in a way that the previous acquisition is duly accredited, as well as the price of the 
aforementioned acquisition. The issuer or the financial institution in charge of the acquisition that should not make 
the reimbursement to the holder of the security according to the previous paragraph, must constitute a deposit for 
said amount at the disposal of the judicial authority. 
According to Article 92.2 of the Spanish Individual Income Tax Regulation, either the issuer, or the financial 
institution acting on its behalf, or the notary, or the financial institution acting or intervening on behalf of the 
acquirer or depositor, as appropriate, must issue a certification accrediting the following: 
a) 
Date of the operation and identification of the asset. 
b) 
Name of the acquirer. 
c) 
Tax Identification Number of the aforementioned acquirer or depositor. 
d) 
Acquisition price. 
Two copies of the aforementioned certification, which must be issued in triplicate, will be delivered to the 
acquirer, keeping in its possession another one the person or entity issuing that certification.

--- Page 667 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
667 
 
 
Irish Taxation 
The following is a summary of the Irish withholding tax treatment of the Securities. It is based on the laws and 
practice of the Revenue Commissioners currently in force in Ireland as at the date of this Base Prospectus and 
may be subject to change. The summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the Irish tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Securities. The summary 
does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only and it does not discuss 
all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder of Securities, such as the consequences 
of the exchange or the conversion of the Securities. The summary does not address certain classes of persons such 
as entities treated as being associated with the Issuer for Irish tax purposes located in a zero tax, low tax or EU 
blacklisted jurisdiction. Prospective investors in the Securities should consult their professional advisers on the 
tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Securities and the receipt of payments thereon 
under any laws applicable to them. 
Withholding Tax 
Irish withholding tax applies to certain payments including payments of: 
(a) 
Irish source yearly interest (yearly interest is interest payable on a loan that may exist for a period in 
excess of one year); 
(b) 
Irish source annual payments (annual payments are payments that are capable of being made for a period 
in excess of one year and are pure income-profit in the hands of the recipient); and 
(c) 
distributions (including interest that is treated as a distribution under Irish law) made by companies that 
are resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax; 
at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) in the case of paragraphs (a) and (b) above and at the 
rate of 25 per cent.in the case of paragraph (c) above. 
On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for the purposes of Irish tax, nor does the Issuer operate in 
Ireland through a branch or agency with which the issue of the Securities is connected, nor are the Securities held 
in Ireland through a depository or otherwise located in Ireland, then to the extent that payments of interest or 
annual payments arise on the Securities, such payments should not be regarded as payments having an Irish source 
for the purposes of Irish taxation. Similarly, the mere offering of the Securities to Irish investors or the listing of 
the Securities, for example, on Euronext Dublin (if applicable) should not cause the interest to have an Irish source. 
Accordingly, the Issuer or any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer should not be obliged to deduct any 
amount on account of these Irish withholding taxes from payments made in connection with the Securities. 
Separately, for as long as the Securities are quoted on a stock exchange, a purchaser of the Securities should not 
be obliged to deduct any amount on account of Irish tax from a payment made by it in connection with the purchase 
of the Securities. 
Encashment Tax 
Payments on any Securities paid by a paying agent in Ireland or collected or realised by an agent in Ireland acting 
on behalf of the beneficial owner of Securities should be subject to Irish encashment tax at a 25 per cent. rate, 
unless the beneficial owner of the Securities entitled to the interest or distribution (i) is not resident in Ireland for 
the purposes of Irish tax and has made a declaration to this effect in the prescribed form to the chargeable person 
and such interest or distribution is not deemed, under the provisions of Irish tax legislation, to be income of another 
person that is resident in Ireland or (ii) is a company which is or will be within the charge to Irish corporation tax 
in respect of the interest or distribution or (iii) is otherwise resident for the purposes of tax in Ireland and entitled 
to exemption from encashment tax in accordance with Schedule 2 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 on a claim 
be made in the required manner to the Revenue Commissioners in Ireland. 
 
Italian Taxation

--- Page 668 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
668 
 
 
The statements herein regarding Italian taxation are based on the laws in force and published practices of the 
Italian tax authorities issue as at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and 
interpretation occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which 
may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Securities and does not purport to 
deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or commodities) may be subject to additional or special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisors concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Securities. This summary will not be updated to reflect changes in laws or 
interpretation and if such a change occurs the information in this summary may become invalid. 
In any case, Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same English term 
as they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed by using the relevant 
Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English terms. 
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023 (“Law 111”), 
delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its publication, one or more 
legislative decrees implementing the reform of the Italian tax system (the “Tax Reform”). According to Law 111, 
the Tax Reform will significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and capital gains and introduce various 
amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these 
amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage. 
Italian tax treatment of proceeds payable under the Securities 
As clarified by the Italian tax authorities in Resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, the Italian tax consequences of 
the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities may be different depending on whether: 
(a) 
they represent a securitised debt claim, implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), 
through which the subscriber of the Securities transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of capital for 
the purpose of obtaining a remuneration on the same capital and subject to the right to obtain its 
(partial or entire) reimbursement at maturity; or 
(b) 
they represent a securitised derivative financial instrument or bundle of derivative financial 
instruments not entailing a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through which the subscriber of 
the Securities invests indirectly in underlying financial instruments for the purpose of obtaining a 
profit deriving from the negotiation of such underlying financial instruments. 
 
1. Tax treatment of Securities qualifying as bond or debentures similar to bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended ("Decree 239”), provides for the applicable 
regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference between 
the redemption amount and the issue price) from Securities falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by non-Italian resident issuers. 
For these purposes, debentures similar to bonds are defined as debt instruments that: 
(a) 
incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not less than their nominal 
value (whether or not providing for any other periodic payment); 
(b) 
do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or of the 
business in relation to which they are issued nor any type of control over the management; and 
(c) 
do not attribute the holders direct or indirect right to control or participate in the management of the 
issuer or in the management of the business in respect of which the notes have been issued. 
 
Italian resident investor

--- Page 669 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
669 
 
 
Where an Italian resident investor is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Securities are connected (unless he has opted for the application of the “risparmio gestito” regime where 
applicable – see “Capital Gains Tax” below (a "Non-entrepreneurial Investor"), (ii) a non-commercial 
partnership pursuant to Article 5 of the Italian Income Consolidated Code ("TUIR") (with the exception of general 
partnership, limited partnership and similar entities), (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation (a "Non-commercial Resident Investor”) interest, 
premium and other income relating to the Securities, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a 
substitute tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that the investor 
described under (i) and (iii) above is engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Securities are connected, 
the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and may be deducted from the final income tax due by the 
relevant investor. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any income taxation, including the 
imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the Securities if the Securities are included 
in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 
1, paragraph 100-114 of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, as amended from time to time (“Law No. 232”) 
Where an Italian resident investor is a company or similar commercial entity pursuant to Article 73 of TUIR or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Securities are effectively connected and the 
Securities are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income from the Securities 
will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant investor's income tax return and are 
therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (“IRES”), generally levied at the rate of 24 per cent.) and, 
in certain circumstances, depending on the 'status' of the investor, also to the regional tax on productive activities 
("IRAP"), generally levied at the rate of 3.90 per cent., but regional surcharges may apply). 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by Law No. 77 of 23 March 1983, a "Fund") or a SICAV, and the Securities are held by an authorised 
intermediary, interest, premium and other income accrued during the holding period on the Securities will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva but must be included in the management result of the Fund or the SICAV. The Fund 
or SICAV will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax at the rate of 26 per cent. will be 
levied on proceeds distributed by the Funds or the SICAV to certain categories of unitholders upon redemption 
or disposal of the units. The same tax regime applies to payments of interest made to an Italian resident SICAF 
not mainly investing in real estate assets and governed by Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014. 
Where an Italian resident investor is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of Legislative 
Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Securities are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, 
premium and other income relating to the Securities and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, 
to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax applicable to Italian pension funds. 
Italian real estate funds created under Article 37 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 and 
Article 14 bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 are not subject to any substitute tax at the fund level nor to any 
other income tax in the hands of the fund. A withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances at the rate of 26 
per cent. on distributions made by real estate investment funds. The same tax regime applies to payments of 
interest made to an Italian resident SICAF mainly investing in real estate assets and governed by Legislative 
Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione mobiliare 
("SIMs") by fiduciary companies, and Società di gestione del risparmio ("SGRs") by stockbrokers and other 
entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (each, an “Intermediary”). 
For the Intermediary to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva, it must: (i) be (a) resident in Italy or (b) resident 
outside Italy, with a permanent establishment in Italy or (c) an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting 
through a system of centralised administration of securities and directly connected with the Department of 
Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 
239; and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Securities. For the purpose 
of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Securities includes any assignment or other act, either 
with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Securities.

--- Page 670 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
670 
 
 
Where the Securities are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by 
any entity paying interest to an investor. If interest and other proceeds on the Securities are not collected through 
an Intermediary or any entity paying interest and as such no imposta sostitutiva is levied, the Italian resident 
beneficial owners listed above under (i) to (iv) will be required to include interest and other proceeds in their 
yearly income tax return and subject them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent. 
 
Non-Italian resident investor 
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident investor of interest or premium 
relating to the Securities provided that, if the Securities are held in Italy, the non-Italian resident investor declares 
itself to be a non-Italian resident according to Italian tax regulations. 
 
Capital gains tax 
 
Italian resident investor 
Where the Italian resident investor is a Non-commercial Resident Investor, capital gains accrued under the sale, 
or the redemption of the Securities are subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva). 
The Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Securities are connected 
("Non-entrepreneurial Investors") may opt for three different taxation criteria. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for taxation of capital 
gains realised by Non-entrepreneurial Investors, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any offsettable capital loss, realised by Non-entrepreneurial 
Investors pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Securities carried out during any given tax year. Non-
entrepreneurial Investors must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant 
incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance 
income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains 
realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Non-entrepreneurial Investors may elect to pay the imposta 
sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Securities (the “risparmio 
amministrato” regime provided for by Article 6 of Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 ("Decree 
No.461")). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Securities being deposited with 
Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries and (ii) an express valid election for the 
risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant investor. The depository is 
responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption 
of the Securities (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any 
incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the 
taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the investor or using funds 
provided by the investor for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption 
of the Securities results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, 
within the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under 
the risparmio amministrato regime, the investor is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Non-entrepreneurial Investors who have entrusted the management of 
their financial assets, including the Securities, to an authorised intermediary and have validly opted for the so-
called risparmio gestito regime (regime provided for by Article 7 of Decree No. 461) will be included in the 
computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject 
to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under this risparmio gestito 
regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, 
the investor is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in respect of 
Securities realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the Securities not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta

--- Page 671 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
671 
 
 
sostitutiva, if the Securities are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) pursuant Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232. 
Where an Italian resident investor is a company or similar commercial entity, or the Italian permanent 
establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the Securities are effectively connected, capital gains 
arising from the Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant investor's 
income tax return and are therefore subject to Italian corporate tax and, in certain circumstances, depending on 
the 'status' of the investor, also form part of the net value of production for IRAP purposes. 
Any capital gains realised by an investor which is a Fund or a SICAV will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva 
but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. Such result will not be taxed with the Fund or SICAV, 
but a withholding tax up at the rate of 26 per cent. will be levied on proceeds distributed by the Funds or the 
SICAV to certain categories of unitholders upon redemption or disposal of the units. The same tax regime applies 
to capital gains realised by an Italian resident SICAF not mainly investing in real estate assets and governed by 
Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014. 
Any capital gains realised by an investor which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided by 
Article 17 the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax applicable to Italian 
pension funds. 
Any capital gains realised by an Italian real estate fund created under Article 37 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 
58 of 24 February 1998 and Article 14 bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 shall not be subject to any substitute 
tax at the fund level nor to any other income tax in the hands of the fund. A withholding tax may apply in certain 
circumstances at the rate of 26 per cent. on distributions made by real estate investment funds. The same tax 
regime applies to capital gains realised by an Italian resident SICAF mainly investing in real estate assets and 
governed by Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014. 
Non-Italian resident investor 
Capital gains realised by a non-Italian resident beneficial owner are not subject to Italian taxation provided that 
the Securities (i) are transferred on regulated markets, or (ii) if not transferred on regulated markets, are held 
outside Italy. Moreover, even if the Securities are held in Italy, no imposta sostitutiva applies if the non-Italian 
resident investor is resident for tax purposes in a country which recognises the Italian tax authorities' right to an 
adequate exchange of information or in a country which entered into a double taxation treaty with Italy allowing 
for the taxation of such capital gains only in the residence country of the recipient investor, provided that the 
relevant procedures and conditions are met. 
2. Securitised derivatives 
Pursuant to the generally followed interpretation, if the Securities qualify as securitised derivatives, where the 
Italian resident investor is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Securities are 
connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, pursuant to Article 5 of TUIR (with the exception of general 
partnership, limited partnership and similar entities) (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an 
investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation (a "Non-commercial Resident Investor"), capital gains 
realised under the sale or the exercise of Securities are subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva) 
(Article 67 of TUIR and Decree No. 461). 
The Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Securities are connected 
("Non-entrepreneurial Investors") may opt for three different taxation criteria. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for taxation of capital 
gains realised by Non-entrepreneurial Investors (as defined under this paragraph), the imposta sostitutiva on 
capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any offsettable capital 
loss, realised by Non-entrepreneurial Investors (as defined under this paragraph) pursuant to all sales or 
redemptions of Securities carried out during any given tax year. Non-entrepreneurial Investors (as defined under 
this paragraph) must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital 
loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due 
for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any 
of the four succeeding tax years.

--- Page 672 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
672 
 
 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Non-entrepreneurial Investors (as defined under this paragraph) 
may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of 
Securities (the “risparmio amministrato” regime provided for by Article 6 of Decree No. 461). Such separate 
taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Securities being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain 
authorised financial intermediaries and (ii) an express valid election for the risparmio amministrato regime being 
punctually made in writing by the relevant investor. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta 
sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of Securities (as well as in respect of 
capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay 
the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount 
from the proceeds to be credited to the investor or using funds provided by the investor for this purpose. Under 
the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of Securities results in a capital loss, such loss 
may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same 
tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the investor is 
not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Non-entrepreneurial Investors (as defined under this paragraph) who 
have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Securities, to an authorised intermediary 
and have validly opted for the so-called “risparmio gestito” regime (regime provided for by Article 7 of Decree 
No. 461) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even 
if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised 
intermediary. Under this risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end 
may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax 
years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the investor is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the 
annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains in respect of 
Securities realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident individuals holding the Securities not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta 
sostitutiva, if the Securities are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) pursuant Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232, as amended from time to time. 
Where an Italian resident investor is a company or similar commercial entity, or the Italian permanent 
establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the Securities are effectively connected, capital gains 
arising from Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant investor's 
income tax return and are therefore subject to Italian corporate tax and, in certain circumstances, depending on 
the 'status' of the investor, also form part of the net value of production for IRAP purposes. 
Any capital gains realised by an investor which is an open-ended or close-ended investment fund (subject to the 
tax regime provided by Law No. 77 of 23 March 1983, a "Fund") or a SICAV will be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued and will not be subject to substitutive tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of 
the Fund or the SICAV, but a withholding tax at the rate of 26 per cent. will be levied on proceeds distributed by 
the Funds or the SICAV to certain categories of unitholders upon redemption or disposal of the units. The same 
tax regime applies to capital gains realised by an Italian resident SICAF not mainly investing in real estate assets 
and governed by Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014. 
Any capital gains realised by an investor which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided by 
Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax applicable to Italian 
pension funds. 
Any capital gains realised by an Italian real estate fund created under Article 37 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 
58 of 24 February 1998 and Article 14 bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 shall not be subject to any substitute 
tax at the fund level nor to any other income tax in the hands of the fund. A withholding tax may apply in certain 
circumstances at the rate of 26 per cent. on distributions made by real estate investment funds. The same tax 
regime applies to capital gains realised by an Italian resident SICAF mainly investing in real estate assets and 
governed by Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014. 
Capital gains realised by a non-Italian resident beneficial owner are not subject to Italian taxation provided that 
Securities (i) are transferred on regulated markets, or (ii) if not transferred on regulated markets, are held outside 
of Italy. Moreover, even if the Securities are held in Italy, no imposta sostitutiva applies if the non-Italian resident

--- Page 673 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
673 
 
 
investor is resident for tax purposes in a country which recognises the Italian tax authorities' right to an adequate 
exchange of information or in a country which entered into a double taxation treaty with Italy allowing for the 
taxation of such capital gains only in the residence country of the recipient investor, provided that the relevant 
procedures and conditions are met. 
In accordance with a different interpretation of current tax law, it is possible that Securities would be considered 
as “atypical securities” pursuant to Article 8 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 as implemented by 
Law No. 649 of 25 November 1983. In this event, payments relating to Securities may be subject to the tax 
treatment applicable to the “atypical securities” as indicated below. 
3. Tax treatment of Securities qualifying as atypical securities 
Securities that cannot be qualified as securitised derivatives or instruments similar to bonds under TUIR could be 
considered 'atypical' securities pursuant to Article 8 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 as implemented 
by Law No. 649 of 25 November 1983. In this event, payments relating to Securities may be subject to an Italian 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
The 26 per cent. withholding tax mentioned above does not apply to payments made to a non-Italian resident 
holder of the Securities and to an Italian resident holder of the Securities which is (i) a company or similar 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities), (ii) a commercial 
partnership, or (iii) a commercial private or public institution. 
If the Securities are placed (collocati) in Italy, the withholding is levied by the Italian intermediary appointed by 
the Issuer, intervening in the collection of the relevant income or in the negotiation or repurchasing of the 
Securities. If the Securities are not placed (collocati) in Italy or in any case where payments on the Securities are 
not received through an entrusted Italian resident bank or financial intermediary (that is involved in the collection 
of payments on the Securities, in the repurchase or in the negotiation thereof) and no withholding tax is levied, 
the individual beneficial owners will be required to declare the payments in their income tax return and subject 
them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent. The Italian individual investor may elect instead to pay 
ordinary personal income tax at the progressive rates applicable to them in respect of the payments; if so, the 
investor should generally benefit from a tax credit for withholding taxes applied outside Italy, if any. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, the 
transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) as a result of death or donation are 
taxed as follows: 
o 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and gift 
tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding EUR 1,000,000; 
o 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree and relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value of the 
inheritance or the gift exceeding EUR 100,000; and  
o 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on the 
entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax applies on that part of value that exceeds 
Euro 1,500,000. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided in case of gift of assets, such as the Securities, whose sale for 
consideration would give rise to capital gains to be subject to the imposta sostitutiva provided for by Decree No. 
461, as subsequently amended. In particular, if the donee sells the Securities for consideration within five years 
from their receipt as a gift, the latter is required to pay the relevant imposta sostitutiva as if the gift had never 
taken place. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements, transfers of Securities as a result of death (but not as a result of 
an inter vivos gift or other transfers for no consideration) of Italian resident individuals holding the Securities not

--- Page 674 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
674 
 
 
in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from Italian inheritance tax if the Securities are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant 
Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232, as amended from time to time. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and 
notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a rate of EUR 200; and (ii) private deeds are subject to 
registration tax only in case of use or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 ("Decree 201"), a proportional stamp duty 
applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries to their clients 
for the securities deposited therewith. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20 per cent. and, for taxpayers other 
than individuals, cannot exceed EUR14,000. This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – 
if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the securities held. In case of 
reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is pro-rated. 
It may be understood that the stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident investors, to the 
extent that the Securities are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and to non-Italian resident investors, to the extent that the relevant 
securities (including the Securities) are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary (and not directly held by 
the investor outside Italy), in which case Italian wealth tax (see below under “Wealth tax on financial products 
held abroad”) applies to Italian resident investors only. 
Wealth tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree 201, Italian resident individuals, individuals non-commercial entities and 
certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) 
resident in Italy for tax purposes holding the securities outside the Italian territory are required to pay an additional 
tax at a rate of 20 per cent. for each year (0.4 per cent., as of 2024, in case of financial assets held in States or 
territories with privileged tax regime identified by the Ministerial Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance 
of May 4, 1999) (IVAFE). For taxpayers other than individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year.  
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Securities at the end of the relevant year, or – if no market value 
figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the Italian 
territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the state 
where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Italian Financial Transaction Tax 
Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012 (the "Stability Law") introduced a fixed levy Italian Financial Transaction 
Tax ("Italian FTT") that applies to all transactions involving equity derivatives which have Italian shares, Italian 
equity-like instruments or Italian equity-related instruments as their underlying assets. An equity derivative is 
subject to the Italian FTT if the underlying or reference value constitutes more than 50 per cent. of the market 
value of Italian shares, Italian equity-like instruments or Italian equity-related instruments. The Italian FTT applies 
even if the transfer takes place outside Italy and/or any of the parties to the transaction are not resident in Italy. 
The Italian FTT on derivative trades also applies to transactions in bonds and debt securities which allow the 
acquisition, or the transfer of the financial instruments referred to above and which do not entail an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value. The amount of tax due depends on 
the type of derivative instrument and on the contract's value but is subject to a maximum of EUR 200. This Italian 
FTT is reduced to one-fifth of the relevant amount if the transfer takes place on a regulated market or multilateral 
trading system.  
Securities could be included in the scope of application of the Italian FTT if they meet the requirements set out 
above. On the other hand, Securities falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are not included in the scope of the Italian FTT.

--- Page 675 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
675 
 
 
The Italian FTT on derivatives instruments is due from each party involved in the relevant transaction. The Italian 
FTT must be paid and accounted for to the Italian tax authorities by any intermediary intervening in any way in 
the execution of such transactions, e.g. banks, fiduciary companies or investment firms licensed to provide 
investment services on a professional basis to the public in accordance with Article 18 of Italian Legislative Decree 
No. 58 of 24 February 1998, including non-Italian resident intermediaries. However, an intermediary is permitted 
to refrain from executing the relevant transaction until it has received from the relevant person referred to above 
the amount of Italian FTT due on the transaction. In terms of compliance with the Italian FTT, non-Italian resident 
intermediaries may: (i) fulfil all the relevant obligations through their Italian permanent establishment, if any; (ii) 
appoint an Italian withholding agent as a tax representative; or (iii) identify themselves by filing a request with 
the Italian Tax Administration for an Italian tax code. In the event that several financial intermediaries are 
involved, the obligation to make payment of the Italian FTT to the Italian tax authorities falls on the party that 
directly receives the transaction order from the parties. If no intermediary is involved in a transaction, the relevant 
parties referred to above must pay the Italian FTT due directly to the Italian tax authorities. 
If a derivative is equity-settled, the consequent share transaction is ordinarily subject to the Italian FTT on equity 
transactions (i.e. a stamp duty-like Italian FTT of 0.2 per cent. on the transfer of shares and other equity-like 
instruments issued by Italian resident entities). Some exemptions and exclusions may apply. 
Tax monitoring obligations 
Italian resident individuals (and certain other entities) are required to report in their yearly income tax return, 
according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted into law by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, for tax 
monitoring purposes; the amount of Securities held abroad (or beneficially owned abroad under Italian anti-money 
laundering provisions). This also applies in the case that at the end of the tax year, Securities are no longer held 
by the above Italian resident individuals and entities. 
However, the above reporting obligation is not required with respect to Securities deposited for management with 
qualified Italian financial intermediaries and with respect to contracts entered into through their intervention, 
provided that the same intermediaries apply a withholding tax or imposta sostitutiva on any income derived from 
the Securities. 
Dutch Taxation 
The following is a general summary of certain material Dutch tax consequences of the acquisition, holding and 
disposal of the Securities. This summary does not purport to describe all possible tax considerations or 
consequences that may be relevant to a holder or prospective holder of Securities and does not purport to deal 
with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as trusts or similar 
arrangements) may be subject to special rules. In view of its general nature, this general summary should be 
treated with corresponding caution. For purposes of Dutch tax law, a Securityholder may include an individual 
or entity who does not have the legal title of these Securities, but to whom nevertheless the Securities or the income 
thereof is attributed based on specific statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or entity having an 
interest in the Securities or the income thereof. 
This summary is based on the tax laws of the Netherlands, published regulations thereunder, published 
authoritative case law and the Convention, all as in effect on the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change, 
possibly with retroactive effect. Where the summary refers to "the Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the 
part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands located in Europe. In addition, the summary is based on the assumption 
that the Securities issued by the Issuer do not qualify as equity of the Issuer for Dutch tax purposes. 
This discussion is for general information purposes only and is not Dutch tax advice or a complete description of 
all Dutch tax consequences relating to the acquisition, holding and disposal of the Securities. Holders or 
prospective holders of Securities should consult their own tax advisors regarding the Dutch tax consequences 
relating to the acquisition, holding and disposal of the Securities in light of their particular circumstances. 
This summary does not address the Dutch corporate and individual income tax consequences for:  
(a) 
investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen); 
(a) 
pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or other Dutch tax 
resident entities that are not subject to or exempt from Dutch corporate income tax;

--- Page 676 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
676 
 
 
(b) 
holders of Securities holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest 
(fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the Issuer and holders of Securities of whom a certain related person 
holds a substantial interest in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in the Issuer arises if 
a person, alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or her partner (statutorily defined 
term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold (i) an interest of 5 per cent. or more of the total 
issued capital of the Issuer or 5 per cent. or more of the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the 
Issuer, (ii) rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain profit-sharing rights in the 
Issuer;  
(c) 
persons to whom the Securities and the income therefrom are attributed based on the separated private 
assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet 
inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(d) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint Maarten and that have an enterprise which is 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint Eustatius 
or Saba and the Securities are attributable to such permanent establishment or permanent representative; 
and 
(e) 
individuals to whom the Securities or the income there from are attributable to employment activities 
which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands. 
This summary does not describe the consequences of the exchange or the conversion of the Securities. 
Tax position of the Issuer 
Under the Convention, the Issuer is considered to be solely resident of Spain for tax purposes and therefore the 
Netherlands should refrain from levying corporate income tax on profits generated by the Issuer, except if and to 
the extent such profits are allocable to a Dutch permanent establishment or permanent representative of the Issuer. 
Withholding tax 
All payments of interest and principal made by or on behalf of the Issuer under the Securities may be made free 
of withholding or deduction of, for or on account of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or 
assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, except that Dutch 
withholding tax at a rate of 25.8 per cent. (rate for 2024) may apply with respect to payments of interest made or 
deemed to be made by or on behalf of the Issuer, if the interest payments are made or deemed to be made to an 
entity affiliated (gelieerd)to the Issuer (within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021; Wet 
bronbelasting 2021) (see below), if such affiliated entity: 
(a) 
is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch 
Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden) (a "Listed 
Jurisdiction"); or 
(b) 
has a permanent establishment located in a Listed Jurisdiction to which the interest payment is 
attributable; or 
(c) 
is entitled to the interest payment with the main purpose or one of the main purposes of avoiding taxation 
for another person or entity and there is an artificial arrangement or transaction or a series of artificial 
arrangements or transactions; or 
(d) 
is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction 
treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch); or 
(e) 
is not resident in any jurisdiction (also a hybrid mismatch); or 
(f) 
is a reverse hybrid (within the meaning of Article 2(12) of the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act; Wet op 
de vennootschapsbelasting 1969), if and to the extent (x) there is a  higher-tier beneficial owner 
(achterliggende gerechtigde) in the reverse hybrid holding a Qualifying Interest in the reverse hybrid, 
(y) the jurisdiction of residence of the participant holding the Qualifying Interest in the reverse hybrid 
treats the reverse hybrid as transparent for tax purposes and (z) such higher-tier beneficial owner would

--- Page 677 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
677 
 
 
have been subject to Dutch withholding tax in respect of the payments of interest without the interposition 
of the reverse hybrid, 
all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021. 
Affiliated entity 
For purposes of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021, an entity is considered an entity affiliated (gelieerd) to the 
Issuer if: 
(a) 
such entity has a Qualifying Interest (as defined below) in the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Issuer has a Qualifying Interest in such entity; or 
(c) 
a third party has a Qualifying Interest in both the Issuer and such entity. 
The term "Qualifying Interest" means a direct or indirectly held interest – either by an entity individually or jointly 
if an entity is part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep) – that enables such entity or such collaborating 
group to exercise a definite influence over another entity's decisions and allows it to determine the other entity's 
activities (within the meaning of case law of the European Court of Justice on the right of freedom of establishment 
(vrijheid van vestiging)). 
Taxes on income and capital gains 
A Securityholder who derives income or is deemed to derive income from a Security or who realises a gain from 
the disposal, deemed disposal or redemption of a Security will not be subject to Dutch taxation on such income 
or gain, provided that: 
(a) 
the Securityholder is neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for Dutch tax 
purposes; 
(b) 
the Securityholder does not have an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in Dutch tax law) or an 
interest in an enterprise or deemed enterprise (as defined in Dutch tax law) that is, in whole or in part, 
carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or a permanent representative (vaste 
vertegenwoordiger) in the Netherlands and to which enterprise or part of that enterprise, as the case may 
be, the Securities are attributable; 
(c) 
the Securityholder is not entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise that is effectively managed in 
the Netherlands, other than by way of securities and to which enterprise the Securities are attributable; 
(d) 
the Securityholder does not have a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or a deemed substantial 
interest in the Issuer as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet op de inkomstenbelasting 2001) 
and will not obtain such interest under the Securities. Generally, a holder of Securities in a company is 
considered to hold a substantial interest in such company, if such holder alone or, in the case of an 
individual, together with such holder's partner for Dutch income tax purposes, or any relatives by blood 
or marriage in the direct line (including foster children), directly or indirectly, holds (i) an interest of 5 
per cent. or more of the total issued and outstanding capital of that company or of 5 per cent. or more of 
the issued and outstanding capital of a certain class of shares of that company; or (ii) rights to acquire, 
directly or indirectly, such interest; or (iii) certain profit sharing rights in that company that relate to 5 
per cent. or more of the company's annual profits or to 5 per cent. or more of the company's liquidation 
proceeds. A deemed substantial interest may arise if a substantial interest (or part thereof) in a company 
has been disposed of, or is deemed to have been disposed of, on a non-recognition basis; 
(e) 
the Securityholder, and in the case of an individual, his or her partner or certain of their relatives by blood 
or marriage om the direct line (including foster children), does not have (a) a substantial interest or 
deemed substantial interest or right in a Dutch company and will not obtain, under the Securities, an 
additional interest or right in this Dutch company or (b) a substantial interest or deemed substantial 
interest in a Dutch company by reason of the acquisition or the settlement of the Securities;

--- Page 678 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
678 
 
 
(f) 
the Securities do not entitle the Securityholder to the beneficial ownership of (a) profit participating loans 
or a right in a Dutch entity or (b) an interest in the enterprise of a Dutch tax transparent entity; 
(g) 
the Securityholder does not hold Securities that are or are treated as (a) shares (aandelen), (b) profit 
participating certificates (winstbewijzen), (c) linked to the profits, (d) profit participation rights, (e) debt 
characterised as equity for Dutch tax purposes, or (f) redeemable in exchange for, convertible into or 
linked to shares or other equity instruments issued or to be issued by a Dutch entity; 
(h) 
the Securityholder does not have an interest or could obtain an interest under the Securities in (a) real 
estate located in the Netherlands or (b) an entity of which the assets consist or have consisted, directly or 
indirectly, on a consolidated basis or not, for 30 per cent. or more, of real estate located in the 
Netherlands; and 
(i) 
if the Securityholder is an individual, the Securityholder does not derive benefits from the Securities that 
are taxable as benefits from miscellaneous activities in the Netherlands (resultaat uit overige 
werkzaamheden in Nederland) as defined in the Dutch Income Tax Act 2001, which include, but are not 
limited to, activities in respect of the Securities which are beyond the scope of "regular active asset 
management" (normaal actief vermogensbeheer) or benefits which are derived from the holding, whether 
directly or indirectly, of (a combination of) shares, debt claims or other rights which form a "lucrative 
interest" (lucratief belang). A lucrative interest is an interest which the holder thereof has acquired under 
such circumstances that benefits arising from this lucrative interest are intended to be a remuneration for 
work or services performed by such holder (or a person related to such holder) in the Netherlands, 
whether within or outside an employment relationship, where such lucrative interest provides the holder 
thereof, economically, with certain benefits that have a relationship to the relevant work or services. 
Under Dutch tax law a Securityholder will not be deemed a resident, domiciled or carrying on a business in the 
Netherlands by reason only of its holding of the Securities or the performance by the Issuer of its obligations 
under the Securities. 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
No gift or inheritance taxes will arise in the Netherlands with respect to a transfer of the Securities by way of gift 
by, or on the death of, a Securityholder, unless: 
(a) 
the Securityholder is a resident or deemed to be resident of the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
Dutch tax law provisions; 
(b) 
in the case of a gift of the Securities by an individual who at the date of the gift was neither a resident 
nor deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands, such individual dies within 180 days after the date of the 
gift, while being a resident or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands; 
(c) 
in the case of a gift of the Securities is made under a condition precedent, the Securityholder is resident 
or is deemed to be resident of the Netherlands at the time the condition is fulfilled; or 
(d) 
the transfer is otherwise construed as a gift or inheritance made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident of the Netherlands. 
For the purpose of Dutch gift and inheritance tax, an individual who has the Dutch nationality will be deemed to 
be a resident of the Netherlands at the date of the gift or the date of his death, if he has been a resident of the 
Netherlands at any time during the ten years preceding the date of the gift or the date of his death. 
For the purposes of Dutch gift tax, an individual who does not have Dutch nationality will be deemed to be a 
resident of the Netherlands, at the date of the gift, if he has been a resident of the Netherlands at any time during 
the twelve months preceding the date of the gift. Applicable tax treaties may override deemed residency. 
Value Added Tax 
No Value Added Tax (Omzetbelasting) will arise in the Netherlands in respect of any payment in consideration 
for the issue of the Securities or with respect to any payment of principal or interest by the Issuer on the Securities.

--- Page 679 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
679 
 
 
Other Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty, other than court fees, will be payable 
in the Netherlands in respect of or in connection with the issue of the Securities or the payment of interest or 
principal by the Issuer on the Securities. 
Swiss Taxation 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swiss tax considerations relating to (i) Securities where 
the holder is tax resident in Switzerland or has a tax presence in Switzerland or (ii) Securities where the paying 
agent is located in Switzerland. The discussion is based on legislation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It 
does not aim to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant for a 
decision with respect to an investment in Securities. The tax treatment for each investor depends on the particular 
situation. All prospective investors / investors are advised to consult with their professional tax advisors as to the 
respective Swiss tax consequences relevant events, such as e.g. of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, 
exercise or redemption of Securities (or options embedded therein) in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments by the Issuer on Securities are not subject to Swiss federal withholding tax provided that the Issuer is 
at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes. 
Swiss Income Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder 
(a) 
Securities classified as Structured Products 
If, for Swiss income tax purposes, a Security classifies as a structured product composed of a bond and 
one or more derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein, its income tax treatment depends on (i) 
whether the bond and the derivative financial instrument(s) embedded therein are recognised, for Swiss 
income tax purposes, as separable from each other and the Security is classified as a transparent or non-
transparent derivative financial instrument for Swiss income tax purposes, and (ii) whether the Security 
classifies, in terms of Swiss income tax law, as a structured product with or without a predominant one-
time interest payment. 
Non-transparent derivative financial instrument: If the embedded bond is not recognised, for Swiss tax 
income purposes, as separable from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s), the Security 
classifies as a "non-transparent" derivative financial instrument, meaning that any return over the initial 
investment classifies as a taxable income item. Non-transparent derivative financial instruments 
generally include a predominant one-time interest payment in terms of Swiss income tax law. On this 
basis, Swiss resident private investors in Securities classified as non-transparent derivative financial 
instruments will be taxed on any interest payments and on any gains, including capital and foreign 
exchange gains, realised on the Securities ("differential taxation method"). 
Transparent derivative financial instrument without a predominant one-time interest payment: If the 
embedded bond is recognised, for Swiss income tax purposes, as separable from the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) and the yield-to-maturity at issue is considered, in terms of Swiss income tax law, 
to solely or predominantly derive from periodic interest payments and not from a one-time interest-
payment (see below "Transparent derivative financial instrument with a predominant one-time interest 
payment"), then any periodic interest payments and any one-time interest payment are taxed when paid 
(due) to the current holder of the Security. Any gain, including in respect of the derivative financial 
instrument(s) embedded in the Security, or e.g. interest accrued or changes in foreign exchange rates or 
the level of market interest rates realised on the sale of the Security is a tax-free private capital gain, 
whereas a loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss (see below "Swiss Capital Gains Taxation – 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). The same applies if a Security is redeemed 
except that interest accrued is taxed when paid on behalf of the Issuer. 
Transparent derivative financial instrument with a predominant one-time interest payment: If the 
embedded bond is recognised, for Swiss income tax purposes, as separable from theembedded derivative

--- Page 680 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
680 
 
 
financial instrument(s) and the yield-to-maturity at issue is considered, in terms of Swiss income tax law, 
to exclusively or predominantly derive from a one-time interest-payment such as an original issue 
discount or a redemption premium, and not from periodic interest payments, then any interest payments 
due as well as any positive difference between the relevant Swiss income tax value of the embedded 
bond at sale or redemption and at issuance or (secondary market) purchase, as applicable, (which 
difference may include e.g., interest accrued although not yet due on such Security or gains in respect of 
foreign exchange rate or market interest rate changes) ("modified differential taxation method") 
constitutes taxable income. A loss, as determined accordingly, realised on the sale or redemption of the 
Security may be offset against any qualifying taxable income items (including periodic interest 
payments) realised within the same taxation period from all financial instruments with a pre-dominant 
one-time interest component in terms of Swiss income tax law. Any residual return realised on the 
embedded derivative financial instrument(s) is a tax-free private capital gain, and any residual loss is a 
non-tax-deductible private capital loss (see below "Swiss Capital Gains Taxation – Securities held as 
Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). 
(b) 
Securities classified as Bonds 
Securities without a predominant one-time interest payment: If, for Swiss income tax purposes, a 
Security classifies as a pure bond and the yield-to-maturity at issue of the Security is considered, in terms 
of Swiss income tax law, to exclusively or predominantly derive from periodic interest payments and not 
from a one-time interest-payment, Swiss tax resident private investors will be taxed on the periodic and 
any one-time interest payments fallen due to the current holder. Any gain (which may include e.g., 
interest accrued although not yet due on such Security or gains in respect of foreign exchange rate or 
market interest rate changes), realised on the sale of a Security is a tax-free private capital gain, whereas 
a loss is a non-tax-deductible private capital loss (see below "Swiss Capital Gains Taxation – Securities 
held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). 
Securities with a predominant one-time interest payment: If, for Swiss income tax purposes, a Security 
classifies as a pure bond and the yield-to-maturity at issue of the Security is considered, in terms of Swiss 
income tax law, to exclusively or predominantly derive from a one-time interest-payment such as an 
original issue discount or a redemption premium and not from periodic interest payments, Swiss tax 
resident private investors will be taxed on any interest payments due and any positive difference between 
the relevant Swiss income tax value of such Security at sale or redemption and its value at issuance or 
(secondary market) purchase, as applicable (which difference may include e.g., interest accrued although 
not yet due on such Security or gains in respect of foreign exchange or market interest rate changes) 
("differential taxation method"). Any losses, as determined accordingly, realised on the sale or 
redemption of the Security may be offset against any qualifying taxable income items (including periodic 
interest payments) realised within the same taxation period from all financial instruments with a 
predominant one-time interest component in terms of Swiss income tax law. 
(c) 
Pure Derivative Financial Instruments 
If a Security classifies, for Swiss income tax purposes, as a pure derivative financial instrument (such as 
e.g., plain vanilla call or put options on shares, commodities, precious metals, currencies or interest rate; 
whereby a Security's characterisation as a pure derivative financial instrument, for Swiss tax purposes, 
may, depending on the product, such as e.g. in the case of low exercise price call options, depend on the 
extent of any prefunding and the product term) and such Security is held as part of the taxpayer's private 
assets in terms of Swiss income tax law, only any periodic and / or one-time dividend equalisation 
payments constitute taxable investment income, and any other return, including option premium 
payments and gain realised on the sale or redemption of such a Security, is a tax-exempt private capital 
gain, whereas a loss is a non-tax deductible private capital loss (see below "Swiss Capital Gains Taxation 
– Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). 
(d) 
Fund-like Products 
A Security which classifies, for Swiss income tax purposes, as an interest in a collective capital 
investment scheme or as collective capital investment-like product will be considered a pass-through 
instrument for Swiss income tax purposes if dividend and interest income from, and capital gains and 
losses realised on, the underlying assets, are reported and distributed separately as required for Swiss 
income tax purposes. Under such conditions and under the condition that the Issuer reports the income

--- Page 681 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
681 
 
 
items and the capital gain and loss items to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, an individual holding 
such a Security as part of his or her private assets must declare annually the dividend and interest 
distribution (in case the Security is distributing the income realised on the underlying investments) or the 
dividend and interest credited (in case the Security is reinvesting the income realised on the underlying 
investments) as taxable investment income (less attributable costs) on the underlying instruments. Any 
distributions or credits relating to items of qualifying capital gain on the underlying assets constitute tax-
free private capital gains and, conversely any loss attributable a non-tax-deductible private capital loss. 
Gain realised on the sale of such a Security (including gains relating to dividends and interest accrued on 
the underlying assets) is exempt from income taxation as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss 
is not tax-deductible (see below "Swiss Capital Gains Taxation – Securities held as Private Assets by a 
Swiss Resident Holder"). If the dividend and interest income from, and capital gains and losses realised 
on, the underlying assets, are not reported and distributed separately as required for Swiss income tax 
purposes, or the income items and capital gain and loss items are not reported to the Swiss Federal Tax 
Administration, the relevant Swiss tax authority can determine a taxable yield on the basis of a 
discretionary estimate (taking into account the nature of the assets in which the product is invested). 
Securities held as Assets of a Business with Swiss Tax Nexus 
Corporate entities, and individuals who hold Securities as business assets (as opposed to private assets) in terms 
of Swiss income tax law, with relevant tax nexus to Switzerland (i.e., whether e.g. as tax residents of Switzerland 
or, in the case of non-residents, through a permanent establishment in Switzerland) are required to recognise any 
payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the sale or redemption of, any such Securities (irrespective 
of their nature) in their income statement and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for the respective taxation 
period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to individuals who are classified by the tax authorities as "professional 
securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing or leveraged investments in securities (including 
Securities). 
Swiss Capital Gains Taxation 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder 
A qualifying gain or a loss realised by an individual tax resident in Switzerland upon the sale or other disposal of 
a Security held as part of his or her private assets in terms of Swiss income tax law, is a tax-free private capital 
gain or a non-tax deductible private capital loss, respectively (see above under "Securities held as Assets of a 
Business with Swiss Tax Nexus" for a summary of the tax treatment of individuals classified as "professional 
securities dealers"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, concerning the taxation treatment of Securities which classify 
as for Swiss income tax purposes as non-transparent derivative financial instruments or Securities which classify 
as securities with a predominant one-time interest payment in terms of Swiss income tax law, see the taxation 
principles set forth above with regard to the different instruments under "Swiss Income Taxation – Securities held 
as Private Assets by a Swiss Resident Holder"). 
Securities held as Assets of a Business with Swiss Tax Nexus 
Capital gains realised on Securities held as assets of a business with relevant Swiss tax nexus are taxed in 
accordance with the taxation principles set forth above under "Swiss Income Taxation – Securities held as Assets 
of a Business with Swiss Tax Nexus". 
Swiss Federal Securities Turnover Tax 
The issue and the sale of a Security by the Issuer on the issuance day (i.e., a qualifying primary market transaction 
in terms of the Swiss federal stamp tax act) and the redemption of a Security are not subject to Swiss federal 
securities turnover tax, except that the issuance of a Security classified as a fund-like product where a Swiss 
domestic bank or a Swiss domestic securities dealer is a party to, or acts as an intermediary for, the transaction, 
all as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act for the relevant purpose, may be subject to Swiss federal securities 
turnover tax of up to 0.30 per cent. on the consideration. 
Secondary market transactions in a Security with a maturity in excess of 12 months where a Swiss domestic bank 
or a Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party to, or acts as an

--- Page 682 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
682 
 
 
intermediary for, the transaction, may, if no statutory exemptions apply, be subject to Swiss securities turnover 
tax at a rate of up to 0.30 per cent. on the consideration. In contrast, a secondary market transaction in a Security 
is generally exempt from Swiss federal securities turnover tax if the Security classifies, for this purpose, as pure 
derivative financial instrument (c.f. above "Swiss Income Taxation – Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss 
Resident Holder – Pure Derivative Financial Instruments"). 
The delivery of an Underlying, where such Underlying classifies as a taxable security for purposes of the Swiss 
federal stamp tax act, such as a stock, a bond or an interest in a fund-like product, to the holder of a Security, is 
subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax at a rate of 0.15 per cent. if the Underlying is a taxable security 
issued by a Swiss domestic issuer and at a rate of 0.30 per cent. if the Underlying is a taxable security issued by 
an issuer not qualifying as a Swiss domestic issuer, however, only if a Swiss securities dealer is a party to, or acts 
as an intermediary for, the transaction and if no exemption applies, all as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax 
act for the relevant purpose. 
Swiss Gift, Inheritance and Estate Taxes 
Subject to an applicable international tax treaty in an international scenario, transfers of Securities may be subject 
to cantonal and/or communal inheritance tax, estate tax or gift tax if the deceased person had his or her last 
domicile in Switzerland, or if the donor is resident in Switzerland; or in the case of a deceased or donor not tax 
resident in Switzerland for the purpose of such taxes, the transfer involves an unincorporated business (partnership 
or sole proprietorship) in Switzerland and Securities are held as part of such business. No such taxes exist at the 
federal level. The tax rate depends on the relationship between the deceased and the heirs, or between the donor 
and the donee, and the relevant value of the inheritance or gift. Interspousal gifts and gifts to descendants in direct 
line, as well as inheritances of the surviving spouse and descendants in direct line are exempt or taxed at privileged 
rates in most Swiss cantons/municipalities. Gifts and inheritances from unrelated persons are taxed at rates ranging 
from approx. 20 per cent. to 60 per cent. The taxable base is usually the market value of the asset transferred. 
Swiss Net Worth and Capital Taxes 
A holder of a Security who is (i) an individual and tax resident in Switzerland or (ii) a corporate tax resident in 
Switzerland or (iii) an individual or a corporate tax resident outside Switzerland holding the Security through a 
permanent establishment in Switzerland, is required to report such Security as part of the wealth tax relevant assets 
or as part of the business assets with Swiss tax nexus, as applicable, and is subject to annual cantonal and/or 
communal wealth tax or capital tax, as applicable, on any net taxable wealth (including the Securities) or net 
taxable capital, as applicable, which tax will, if such holder is an individual or corporate taxpayer resident outside 
of Switzerland holding the Security as described in clause (iii) above, be limited to the extent such net taxable 
wealth or capital, as applicable, is attributable to Switzerland. 
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT") 
On February 14, 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in the Securities (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Securities should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Securities where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the scope 
of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 683 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
683 
 
 
Automatic exchange of tax information between States 
On November 17, 2015, the Spanish Government published Royal Decree 1021/2015, of November 13, (the 
"Royal Decree") in force since January 1, 2016 which establish the obligation on financial institutions to identify 
the tax residence of persons holding or controlling certain financial accounts and to report them to the Spanish tax 
authorities within the context of mutual assistance. 
The Royal Decree implements into Spanish domestic legislation the rules on the information to be reported to the 
tax authorities in respect of financial accounts and due diligence procedures that must be applied by affected 
financial institutions when obtaining such information per EC Council Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative 
cooperation in the field of taxation (as amended by EC Council Directive 2014/107/EU) as regards mandatory 
automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation and the provisions of article 29 bis and additional 
provision twenty-two of Spanish General Taxation Law. 
Based on the Royal Decree, as amended by Royal Decree 366/2021 of May 25, BBVA may be compelled to 
provide the Spanish tax authorities with certain information in respect of certain categories of financial accounts 
held or controlled by some investors in the Securities. 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and 
disposition of the Securities. This discussion applies only to initial investors in the Securities who: 
• 
purchase the Securities at the "issue price," which will equal the first price at which a substantial amount 
of the Securities is sold to the public (not including bond houses, brokers, or similar persons or 
organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers); and 
• 
hold the Securities as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code"). 
Subject to any additional discussion in the applicable Issue Terms, it is expected, and the discussion below 
assumes, that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the issue price of a Security is equal to its stated issue price 
indicated in the applicable Issue Terms. 
This discussion does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to a holder in light of the 
holder's particular circumstances or to holders subject to special rules, such as: 
• 
certain financial institutions; 
• 
insurance companies; 
• 
certain dealers and traders in securities or commodities; 
• 
investors holding the Securities as part of a "straddle," conversion transaction, integrated transaction or 
constructive sale transaction; 
• 
U.S. Holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; 
• 
partnerships or other entities or arrangements classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes; 
• 
regulated investment companies; 
• 
real estate investment trusts; or 
• 
tax-exempt entities, "individual retirement accounts" or "Roth IRAs" as defined in Section 408 or 408A 
of the Code, respectively.

--- Page 684 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
684 
 
 
If an entity or arrangement that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds a Security, 
the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner and the 
activities of the partnership. If you are a partnership holding a Security, or a partner in such a partnership, you 
should consult your tax adviser as to the particular U.S. federal tax consequences of holding and disposing of the 
Security to you. 
We will not attempt to ascertain whether any issuer of any shares of a corporation (or equity interests treated as 
shares of a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) to which a Security relates (such shares hereafter 
referred to as "Underlying Shares") is treated as a "passive foreign investment company" ("PFIC") within the 
meaning of Section 1297 of the Code or as a "United States real property holding corporation" ("USRPHC") 
within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code. If any issuer of Underlying Shares were so treated, certain adverse 
U.S. federal income tax consequences might apply to a U.S. Holder in the case of a PFIC, and to a Non-U.S. 
Holder (as defined below) in the case of a USRPHC, upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Security. You 
should refer to information filed with the SEC or other governmental authorities by the issuers of the Underlying 
Shares and consult your tax adviser regarding the possible consequences to you if any issuer of Underlying Shares 
is or becomes a PFIC or USRPHC. 
This summary does not address the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership or disposition of any 
Underlying Shares (whether or not the issuer of the Underlying Shares is treated as a PFIC or USRPHC) received 
by a holder upon the maturity (or acceleration), exchange or exercise of a Security. You should consult your tax 
adviser regarding the potential U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership or disposition of any 
Underlying Shares received upon the maturity (or acceleration), exchange or exercise of a Security. 
This summary also does not address the U.S. federal income tax consequences of holding or disposing of Credit-
Linked Securities, Bond Linked Securities, Custom Index Linked Securities or EUA-Contract Linked Securities. 
The U.S. federal income tax consequences of holding or disposing of Credit-Linked Securities, Bond Linked 
Securities, Custom Index Securities or EUA-Contract Linked Securities will be set forth in the applicable Issue 
Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of holding or disposing of Credit-Linked Securities, Bond Linked Securities, Custom Index 
Securities or EUA-Contract Linked Securities. 
This summary assumes that any Fund or other reference asset to which a Security relates will not be treated as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If any such Fund or other reference asset were so treated, certain 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences might apply. You should consult your tax adviser regarding the 
possible consequences to you if any Fund or other reference asset to which a Security relates is or becomes treated 
as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
This discussion is based on the Code, administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions and final, temporary and 
proposed Treasury regulations, all as of the date hereof, changes to any of which subsequent to the date hereof 
may affect the tax consequences described herein. This discussion is necessarily general and does not address all 
aspects of U.S. federal income taxation, including the alternative minimum tax, special tax accounting rules under 
Section 451 of the Code or the Medicare tax on investment income, or any U.S. federal taxes other than income 
taxes (such as U.S. federal estate and gift tax) or any state, local or non-U.S. tax laws to 
a holder of Securities. Persons considering the purchase of Securities should consult their tax advisers with regard 
to the application of the U.S. federal income tax laws to their particular situations as well as any tax consequences 
arising under the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction. 
This discussion is subject to any additional disclosure regarding U.S. federal taxation contained in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Accordingly, you should also consult the applicable Issue Terms for any additional 
discussion of U.S. federal taxation with respect to the specific Securities offered thereunder. 
TAX CONSEQUENCES TO U.S. HOLDERS 
This section only addresses Securities that are in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a Security 
is not in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes, certain adverse U.S. federal income tax 
consequences will apply to U.S. Holders. You should consult your tax adviser regarding the U.S. federal tax 
consequences of holding and disposing of a Security that is not in registered form for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes.

--- Page 685 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
685 
 
 
This section applies to you only if you are a U.S. Holder. As used herein, the term "U.S. Holder" means a 
beneficial owner of a Security that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
• 
a citizen or individual resident of the United States; 
• 
a corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation, created or organised in or under the laws of the 
United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; or 
• 
an estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. 
Securities Treated as Indebtedness for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
This section discusses only Securities treated as debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Securities 
for which the principal amount payable at maturity or upon early settlement must equal or exceed the issue price 
should be treated as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The applicable Issue Terms will indicate 
whether the Issuer will treat as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes other Securities for which the 
principal amount payable at maturity or upon early settlement is not substantially lower than the issue price. In 
either case, there can be no assurance that the IRS or a court will agree. 
Taxable gain upon the sale, exchange or retirement of Securities, including any taxable gain attributable to 
fluctuations in currency exchange rates, will be treated as U.S.-source income. Interest income (including original 
issue discount, if any) from an investment in Securities will be treated as non-U.S. source income. U.S. Holders 
should consult their tax advisers regarding additional U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in 
the Securities, including the rules applicable to foreign tax credits or deductions, in light of their own particular 
circumstances. 
Payments of Stated Interest. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms and subject to the 
discussions below, stated interest paid on a Security will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income 
at the time it accrues or is received in accordance with the holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. 
Special rules governing the treatment of interest paid with respect to discount securities, short-term securities, 
floating rate securities, foreign currency securities, foreign currency contingent payment securities and contingent 
payment securities are described under "—Discount Securities," "—Short-Term Securities," "—Floating Rate 
Securities," "—Foreign Currency Securities," "—Adjustments to Interest Accruals on the Securities" and "—
Contingent Payment Securities" below. 
Discount Securities 
General. A Security (other than a short-term security, a contingent payment security or a foreign currency 
contingent payment security, all as defined below) that is issued at an issue price less than its "stated redemption 
price at maturity" will be considered to have been issued with "original issue discount" for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes (and will be referred to in this discussion as a "discount security") unless the Security satisfies a de 
minimis threshold (as defined below). The amount of original issue discount is equal to the excess of the stated 
redemption price at maturity over the issue price. The "stated redemption price at maturity" of a Security equals 
the sum of all payments required under the Security other than payments of "qualified stated interest." "Qualified 
stated interest" is stated interest unconditionally payable as a series of payments (other than in debt instruments 
of the issuer) at least annually during the entire term of the Security. For a Security that provides for interest solely 
at a single fixed rate, qualified stated interest is equal to the outstanding principal balance of the Security 
multiplied by the single fixed rate of interest. Subject to the discussion below under "—Securities Subject to Early 
Redemption or Repurchase," if a Security provides for more than one fixed rate of stated interest, interest payable 
at the lowest stated fixed rate generally is qualified stated interest and the excess, if any, is included in the stated 
redemption price at maturity for purposes of determining whether the Security will be issued with original issue 
discount. See "—Floating Rate Securities" below with regard to qualified stated interest in the case of floating 
rate securities. 
A Security will not be considered to have original issue discount if the difference between the Security's stated 
redemption price at maturity and its issue price is less than a de minimis amount, generally defined by applicable 
Treasury regulations as ¼ of 1 percent of the stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of 
complete years to maturity or, in the case of an installment obligation (as defined by applicable Treasury

--- Page 686 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
686 
 
 
regulations), the weighted average maturity. The weighted average maturity is the sum of the following amounts 
determined for each payment under the Security other than a payment of qualified stated interest: (i) the number 
of complete years from the issue date of the Security until the payment is made, multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the 
numerator of which is the amount of the payment and the denominator of which is the Security's stated redemption 
price at maturity. 
A U.S. Holder of discount securities will be required to include any qualified stated interest payments in income 
in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. U.S. Holders of 
discount securities will be required to include original issue discount in income for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes as it accrues, in accordance with a constant yield method based on a compounding of interest, without 
regard to the timing of the receipt of cash payments attributable to this income. Under this method, U.S. Holders 
of discount securities generally will be required to include in income increasingly greater amounts of original 
issue discount in successive accrual periods. 
A U.S. Holder may make an election to include in gross income all interest that accrues on any Security (including 
stated interest, original issue discount and de minimis original issue discount, as adjusted by any amortizable bond 
premium (as defined below)) in accordance with a constant yield method based on the compounding of interest 
(a "constant yield election"). Such election may be revoked only with the permission of the IRS. 
Additional rules applicable to discount securities that are denominated in a specified currency other than the U.S. 
dollar, or have payments of interest or principal determined by reference to the value of one or more currencies 
other than the U.S. dollar, are described under "—Foreign Currency Securities" below. 
Securities Subject to Early Redemption or Repurchase. A Security that is subject to redemption or repurchase 
prior to maturity may be subject to rules that differ from the general rules described above for purposes of 
determining the yield and maturity of the Security (which may affect whether the Security is treated as issued with 
original issue discount and, if so, the timing of accrual of the original issue discount). Under applicable Treasury 
regulations, the relevant Issuer will generally be presumed to exercise an unconditional option to redeem a 
Security if the exercise of the option will lower the yield on the Security. Conversely, you will generally be 
presumed to exercise an unconditional option to require the relevant Issuer to repurchase a Security if the exercise 
of the option will increase the yield on the Security. If such an option is not in fact exercised, the Security will be 
treated, solely for purposes of calculating original issue discount, as if it were redeemed and a new Security were 
issued on the presumed exercise date for an amount equal to the Security's "adjusted issue price" on that date. A 
Security's "adjusted issue price" generally is defined as the sum of its issue price and the aggregate amount of 
previously accrued original issue discount, less any prior payments on the Security other than payments of 
qualified stated interest. 
Under these rules, if a Security provides for multiple fixed rates of interest that increase over the term of the 
Security, the Security's issue price is not below its stated principal amount and the relevant Issuer has an option 
to redeem the Security for an amount equal to the stated principal amount prior to the first date on which an 
increased rate of interest is in effect, the yield on the Security will be lowered if the relevant Issuer redeems the 
Security before the initial increase in the interest rate, and therefore the relevant Issuer's redemption option will 
be treated as exercised. Since the Security will therefore be treated as if it were redeemed prior to the initial 
increase in the interest rate, the Security will not be treated as issued with original issue discount. If a Security is 
not treated as issued with original issue discount and if, contrary to the presumption in the applicable Treasury 
regulations, the relevant Issuer does not redeem the Security before the initial increase in the interest rate, the 
Security will be treated, solely for purposes of calculating original issue discount, as redeemed and reissued. The 
rules governing short-term debt instruments (as described under " –Short-Term Securities" below) may apply to 
a Security deemed reissued if the term of the deemed reissued Security (as determined under the applicable 
Treasury regulations) is one year or less. You should consult your tax adviser concerning the possible application 
of these rules. 
Floating Rate Securities 
General. Securities that pay interest at a variable rate are subject to special rules. The following discussion applies 
to a Security (a "floating rate security") that satisfies the following conditions: 
• 
the issue price does not exceed the total noncontingent principal payments due under the floating rate 
security by more than a specified de minimis amount;

--- Page 687 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
687 
 
 
• 
it provides for stated interest, paid or compounded at least annually, at current values of: 
o 
one or more qualified floating rates, 
o 
a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating rates, 
o 
a single objective rate, or 
o 
a single fixed rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified inverse floating rate, 
o 
each as defined in the applicable Treasury regulations; and 
• 
certain other conditions, as set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, are satisfied. 
In general, a "qualified floating rate" is any variable rate where variations in the value of such rate can reasonably 
be expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which 
the floating rate security is denominated. For example, the commercial paper rate and SOFR will generally be 
treated as qualified floating rates. In general, a variable rate is not a "qualified floating rate" if it is subject to (i) a 
restriction or restrictions on the maximum stated interest rate (a "cap"), (ii) a restriction or restrictions on the 
minimum stated interest rate (a "floor"), (iii) a restriction or restrictions on the amount of increase or decrease in 
the stated interest rate (a "governor"), or (iv) any other restrictions similar to (i), (ii) and (iii). Notwithstanding 
the preceding sentence, the following restrictions will not cause a variable rate to fail to be a "qualified floating 
rate": 
• 
a cap, floor, or governor that is fixed throughout the term of the floating rate security; 
• 
a cap or similar restriction that is not reasonably expected as of the issue date to cause the yield on the 
floating rate security to be significantly less than the expected yield determined without the cap; 
• 
a floor or similar restriction that is not reasonably expected as of the issue date to cause the yield on the 
floating rate security to be significantly more than the expected yield determined without the floor; or 
• 
a governor or similar restriction that is not reasonably expected as of the issue date to cause the yield on 
the floating rate security to be significantly more or significantly less than the expected yield determined 
without the governor. 
In general, an "objective rate" is a rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but that is determined using a 
single fixed formula that is based on objective financial or economic information. A "qualified inverse floating 
rate" generally is any objective rate (i) that is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating rate and (ii) the 
variations which can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous variations in the qualified 
floating rate (disregarding any caps, floors, governors or similar restrictions that would not, as described above, 
cause a rate to fail to be a qualified floating rate). 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, it is expected, and the discussion below assumes, that a 
floating rate security should qualify as a "variable rate debt instrument." If a floating rate security with a term of 
more than one year (after taking into account the last possible day that the Security could be outstanding under its 
terms) does not qualify as a "variable rate debt instrument," then such a floating rate security will generally be 
treated as a "contingent payment debt instrument." For a description of the treatment of "contingent payment debt 
instruments," see the discussion under "—Contingent Payment Securities" below. 
Floating Rate Securities that Provide for a Single Variable Rate. All stated interest on a floating rate security will 
constitute qualified stated interest and will be taxable accordingly (as described under "—Discount Securities—
General" above) if: 
• 
the floating rate security provides for stated interest at a single variable rate throughout the term thereof; 
and 
• 
the stated interest on the floating rate security is unconditionally payable in cash or other property (other 
than debt instruments of the issuer) at least annually. 
Thus, such a floating rate security will generally not be treated as issued with original issue discount unless the 
floating rate security is issued at an issue price below its stated principal amount and the difference between the 
issue price and the stated principal amount is equal to or greater than a specified de minimis amount, as defined 
above under "—Discount Securities—General" For this purpose, and for purposes of the discussion below under

--- Page 688 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
688 
 
 
"—Floating Rate Securities that Provide for Multiple Rates," if a floating rate security provides for stated interest 
at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate and if the variable rate on the 
floating rate security's issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (which will be presumed to be the case 
if the value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more than 0.25 
per cent.), then the fixed rate and the variable rate together will constitute a single variable rate. In addition, two 
or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have approximately the same values throughout 
the term of the floating rate security (which will be presumed to be the case for two or more qualified floating 
rates with values within 0.25 per cent. of each other as determined on the issue date) will be treated as a single 
qualified floating rate. 
If a floating rate security that provides for stated interest at a single variable rate is issued with original issue 
discount equal to or greater than a specified de minimis amount, as discussed above, the amount of qualified stated 
interest and the amount of original issue discount that accrues during an accrual period on the floating rate security 
are determined under the rules applicable to fixed rate debt instruments, discussed under "—Discount Securities" 
above, by assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal to: 
• 
in the case of a qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, of 
the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate; or 
• 
in the case of an objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate), a fixed rate that reflects the 
yield that is reasonably expected for the floating rate security. 
The qualified stated interest required to be recognised in an accrual period is increased (or decreased) if the interest 
actually paid during the accrual period exceeds (or is less than) the interest assumed to be paid during the accrual 
period pursuant to the foregoing rules. 
Floating Rate Securities that Provide for Multiple Rates. In general, a floating rate security that provides for (i) 
multiple floating rates or (ii) one or more floating rates in addition to a single fixed rate (other than an initial fixed 
rate for one year or less that meets the conditions described above) will be converted into an "equivalent" fixed 
rate debt instrument for purposes of determining the amount and accrual of original issue discount and qualified 
stated interest on the floating rate security. A floating rate security that only provides for multiple floating rates 
must be converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument by replacing any qualified floating rate or 
qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of the floating rate security with a fixed rate equal to 
the value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, as of the floating rate 
security's issue date. In the case of a floating rate security that provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in addition 
to either one or more qualified floating rates or a qualified inverse floating rate, the fixed rate is initially converted 
into a qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if the floating rate security provides for a qualified 
inverse floating rate). Under such circumstances, the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate that 
replaces the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of the floating rate security as of the floating rate 
security's issue date is approximately the same as the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument 
that provides for the substitute qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as appropriate, rather than 
the fixed rate. Subsequent to converting the fixed rate into either a qualified floating rate or a qualified inverse 
floating rate, the floating rate security is then converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument in the 
manner described above. 
Once the floating rate security is converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument pursuant to the 
foregoing rules, the amount of original issue discount and qualified stated interest, if any, are determined for the 
"equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument by applying the general original issue discount rules to the "equivalent" 
fixed rate debt instrument, and a U.S. Holder of the floating rate security must account for such original issue 
discount and qualified stated interest as if the U.S. Holder held the "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument, as 
described under "—Discount Securities" above. In each accrual period, appropriate adjustments must be made to 
the amount of qualified stated interest (or, in certain circumstances, original issue discount) assumed to have been 
accrued or paid with respect to the "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument in the event that such amounts differ 
from the actual amount of interest accrued or paid on the floating rate security during the accrual period. 
Amortizable Bond Premium 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Security (other than a contingent payment security or foreign currency contingent 
payment security, as defined below) for an amount that is greater than the sum of all amounts payable on the 
Security other than qualified stated interest, the holder will be considered to have purchased the Security with

--- Page 689 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
689 
 
 
amortizable bond premium equal to such excess.  A U.S. Holder generally may elect to amortize such bond 
premium allocable to an accrual period to offset qualified stated interest required to be included in such holder's 
income with respect to the Security in that accrual period. However, special rules may limit the amount of bond 
premium that can be amortised during certain accrual periods in the case of Securities that are subject to optional 
redemption. A holder who elects to amortise bond premium must reduce its tax basis in the Security by the amount 
of the premium previously amortised. If an election to amortize bond premium is not made, a U.S. Holder will 
take premium into account in computing its gain or loss on the sale or other disposition of the Security, which 
may reduce such capital gain or increase such capital loss. An election to amortise bond premium applies to all 
taxable debt obligations then owned and thereafter acquired by the holder and may be revoked only with the 
consent of the IRS. 
If a holder makes a constant yield election (as described under "—Discount Securities" above) for a Security with 
amortizable bond premium, such election will result in a deemed election to amortise bond premium for all of the 
holder's debt instruments with amortizable bond premium and may be revoked only with the permission of the 
IRS with respect to debt instruments acquired after revocation. 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement of the Securities 
Upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Security, a U.S. Holder will recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the 
difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or retirement and the holder's adjusted tax basis in 
the Security. The amount realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Security is generally equal to the 
amount of cash plus the fair market value of any other property received by the U.S. Holder, including the fair 
market value of any common stock received, from the sale, exchange or retirement of the Security. For these 
purposes, the amount realised does not include any amount attributable to accrued but unpaid qualified stated 
interest. Amounts attributable to accrued but unpaid qualified stated interest are treated as interest as described 
under "—Payments of Stated Interest" above. A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in a Security will equal the cost 
of the Security to the holder, increased by the amounts of any original issue discount previously included in income 
by the holder with respect to the Security, and reduced by any principal payments received by the holder, by the 
amounts of any bond premium previously amortised by the holder and by the amounts of any other payments that 
do not constitute qualified stated interest. 
Except as described below or as otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, gain or loss recognised on the 
sale, exchange or retirement of a Security will generally be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain 
or loss if at the time of sale, exchange or retirement the Security has been held for more than one year. Exceptions 
to this general rule apply in the case of a short-term security, to the extent of any accrued discount not previously 
included in the holder's taxable income. See "—Short-Term Securities" below. In addition, other exceptions to this 
general rule apply in the case of certain foreign currency securities, foreign currency contingent payment securities 
and contingent payment securities. See the discussions under "—Foreign Currency Securities," "—Adjustments 
to Interest Accruals on the Securities" and "—Contingent Payment Securities" below. 
Short-Term Securities 
A Security that matures (after taking into account the last possible date that the Security could be outstanding 
under its terms) one year or less from its issue date will be treated as a "short-term security." As described below, 
certain aspects of the tax treatment of short-term securities with certain features are uncertain. U.S. Holders of 
short-term securities should consult their tax advisers as to the U.S. federal tax consequences of the ownership 
and disposition of such short-term securities. 
Tax Treatment Prior to Maturity of the Short-Term Securities. Under the applicable Treasury regulations, a short-
term security will be treated as being issued at a discount, the amount of which will be equal to the excess of the 
sum of all payments on the short-term security (including all stated interest and the amount to be paid at maturity) 
over its issue price. No payments on a short-term security are treated as qualified stated interest. 
A U.S. Holder who is a cash-method taxpayer generally will not be required to include the discount in income as 
it accrues for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless the holder elects to do so. A U.S. Holder who is a cash-
method taxpayer and does not make such election should generally include the stated interest payments on the 
short-term securities, if any, as ordinary income upon receipt. Except in the case of stated interest payments, cash-
method holders generally will not be required to recognise income with respect to the short-term securities prior 
to maturity, other than pursuant to a sale, exchange or retirement, as described below.

--- Page 690 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
690 
 
 
A U.S. Holder who is an accrual-method taxpayer will be required to include the discount in income as it accrues 
on a straight-line basis, unless the holder makes an election to accrue the discount according to a constant yield 
method based on daily compounding. 
Tax Treatment at Maturity of the Short-Term Securities. Upon retirement of the short-term securities at maturity, 
any gain recognised will be treated as ordinary income. 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement of the Short-Term Securities. Upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a short-term 
security, a U.S. Holder should treat any gain recognised as ordinary income to the extent of the discount accrued 
on a straight-line basis (or, if elected, according to a constant yield method based on daily compounding) and not 
yet included in income. Any gain in excess of this amount will be treated as short-term capital gain. Any loss 
recognised will be treated as a capital loss. 
Tax Treatment of Short-Term Securities that Provide for a Payment at Maturity that is Not Fixed as of the Issue 
Date. Except as specifically stated below, the tax treatment of short-term securities that provide for a payment at 
maturity that is not fixed as of the issue date ("contingent short-term securities") is the same as described above 
for short-term securities. As described below, certain aspects of the tax treatment of contingent short-term 
securities are uncertain. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, due to the lack of governing 
authority regarding the proper method of accrual of discount on contingent short-term securities, the Issuers' 
counsel is expected to be unable to opine regarding issues identified below as uncertain or unclear. Although 
accrual-method holders, and cash-method holders that have elected to apply an accrual method of tax accounting 
to the short-term securities, generally are required to accrue the discount on the short-term securities in income 
on a current basis over the term of the Securities, in the case of contingent short-term securities, because the 
amount payable at maturity with respect to the contingent short-term securities is uncertain, it is unclear how such 
accruals should be determined. Additionally, in the case of contingent short-term securities, it is unclear whether 
or to what extent gain from a sale, exchange or retirement prior to maturity should be treated as capital gain or 
ordinary income. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the proper treatment of an investment 
in contingent short-term securities. 
Interest on Indebtedness Incurred to Purchase the Short-Term Securities. A cash-method U.S. Holder who does 
not elect to apply an accrual method of tax accounting to the short-term securities will be required to defer 
deductions for certain interest paid on indebtedness incurred to purchase or carry the short-term securities until 
the U.S. Holder includes the discount on the Securities in income or disposes of the Securities in a taxable 
transaction. As noted above, however, there is no authority regarding the proper method of accrual of discount on 
short-term debt instruments such as contingent short-term securities. It is therefore unclear how, if at all, the rules 
regarding deferral of interest deductions would apply to contingent short-term securities. U.S. Holders should 
consult their tax advisers regarding these deferral rules. 
Foreign Currency Securities 
General. The following discussion describes certain special rules applicable to a U.S. Holder of Securities (i) that 
are denominated in a specified currency other than the U.S. dollar or (ii) the payments of interest and principal on 
which are payable in (or determined by reference to) a specified currency other than the U.S. dollar, which are 
referred to herein as "foreign currency securities." For a description of the treatment of foreign currency 
securities that provide for contingent payments or for payments made in or determined by reference to multiple 
currencies, see the discussion under "—Adjustments to Interest Accruals on the Securities" below. 
The rules applicable to foreign currency securities could require gain or loss realised upon the sale, exchange or 
other disposition (including retirement) of the Securities that is attributable to fluctuations in currency exchange 
rates ("foreign currency gain or loss") to be recharacterised as ordinary income or loss. The rules applicable to 
foreign currency securities are complex and their application may depend on the holder's particular U.S. federal 
income tax situation. For example, various elections are available under these rules, and whether a holder should 
make any of these elections may depend on the holder's particular U.S. federal income tax situation. U.S. Holders 
should consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and 
disposition of foreign currency securities. 
Payments of Interest on Foreign Currency Securities. A U.S. Holder who uses the cash method of accounting for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes and who receives a payment of qualified stated interest (or who receives 
proceeds from a sale, exchange or other disposition (including retirement) attributable to accrued qualified stated 
interest) in a foreign currency with respect to a foreign currency security will be required to include in income the

--- Page 691 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
691 
 
 
U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment as determined on the date of actual or constructive receipt by 
such U.S. Holder, using the spot rate of exchange on such date, regardless of whether the payment is in fact 
converted to U.S. dollars at that time, and this U.S. dollar value will be the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the foreign 
currency. To the extent that a cash-method holder is required to accrue original issue discount on a foreign 
currency security, rules similar to the rules described in the following paragraph will apply with respect to the 
original issue discount. 
In the case of a U.S. Holder that uses the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the 
holder will be required to include in income the U.S. dollar value of the amount of interest income (including 
original issue discount, but reduced by amortizable bond premium to the extent applicable) that has accrued and 
is otherwise required to be taken into account with respect to a foreign currency security during an accrual period.  
The U.S. dollar value of the accrued income will be determined by translating the income at an average rate of 
exchange for the accrual period or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the average 
rate for the partial period within the taxable year. Alternatively, a U.S. Holder may elect to translate interest 
income (including original issue discount) for an interest accrual period into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the 
last day of the interest accrual period (or, in the case of a partial accrual period, the spot rate on the last day of the 
taxable year) or, if the date of receipt is within five business days of the last day of the interest accrual period, the 
spot rate on the date of receipt. A U.S. Holder that makes this election must apply it consistently to all debt 
instruments from year to year and cannot change the election without the consent of the IRS.  In addition to the 
interest income accrued as described above, the U.S. Holder will recognise foreign currency gain or loss as 
ordinary income or loss (which will not be treated as interest income or expense) with respect to accrued interest 
income on the date the interest payment or proceeds from the sale, exchange or other disposition (including 
retirement) attributable to accrued interest are actually received. The amount of ordinary income or loss recognised 
will equal the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment received (determined 
based on a spot rate on the date the payment is received) in respect of the accrual period (or, where a holder 
receives U.S. dollars, the amount of the payment in respect of the accrual period) and the U.S. dollar value of 
interest income that has accrued during the accrual period (as determined above). 
Original Issue Discount and Amortizable Bond Premium on Foreign Currency Securities. Original issue discount 
and amortizable bond premium (each as defined above) on a foreign currency security are to be determined in the 
relevant foreign currency. If an election to amortise bond premium is made, amortizable bond premium taken into 
account on a current basis will reduce interest income in units of the relevant foreign currency.  Foreign currency 
gain or loss is realised on amortised bond premium with respect to any period by treating the bond premium 
amortised in the same period as a return of principal that is treated in the same manner as on the sale, exchange 
or retirement of the foreign currency security (as discussed below). Any foreign currency gain or loss will be 
ordinary income or loss as described below. 
Tax Basis in Foreign Currency Securities. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a foreign currency security, and the amount 
of any subsequent adjustment to the holder's tax basis, will be the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency amount 
paid for such foreign currency security, or of the foreign currency amount of the adjustment, determined on the 
date of the purchase or adjustment (or, in the case of cash-method and electing accrual-method taxpayers, the date 
of settlement for Securities that are traded on an established securities market). A U.S. Holder who purchases a 
foreign currency security with previously owned foreign currency will recognise ordinary income or loss in an 
amount equal to the difference, if any, between such U.S. Holder's tax basis in the foreign currency and the U.S. 
dollar fair market value of the foreign currency security on the date of purchase. 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement of Foreign Currency Securities.  Foreign currency gain or loss recognised upon the 
sale, exchange or retirement of a foreign currency security will be ordinary income or loss that will not be treated 
as interest income or expense. The amount of foreign currency gain or loss generally will equal the difference 
between (i) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder's purchase price (excluding any amortizable bond premium 
previously accrued) in the foreign currency of the Security, determined on the date the payment is received in 
exchange for the Security or the Security is disposed of, and (ii) the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder's purchase 
price (excluding any amortizable bond premium previously accrued) in the foreign currency of the Security, 
determined on the date the U.S. Holder acquired the Security.  Payments received attributable to accrued interest 
will be treated in accordance with the rules applicable to payments of interest on foreign currency securities 
described above.  Foreign currency gain or loss realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of any foreign 
currency security will be recognised only to the extent of the total gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the 
sale, exchange or retirement of the foreign currency security.  Any gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder in excess 
of the foreign currency gain or loss will be capital gain or loss (except in the case of a short-term security, to the 
extent of any discount not previously included in the holder's income).  If a U.S. Holder recognises an ordinary

--- Page 692 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
692 
 
 
loss upon a sale or other disposition of a foreign currency security and such loss is above certain thresholds, the 
holder may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS.  See "—Disclosure Requirements" below. 
A U.S. Holder will have a tax basis in any foreign currency received on the sale, exchange or retirement of a 
foreign currency security equal to the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency, determined at the time of such 
sale, exchange or retirement.  A cash-method taxpayer who buys or sells a foreign currency security that is traded 
on an established securities market is required to translate units of foreign currency paid or received into U.S. 
dollars at the spot rate on the settlement date of the purchase or sale.  Accordingly, no exchange gain or loss will 
result with respect to such foreign currency from currency fluctuations between the trade date and the settlement 
of the purchase or sale.  An accrual-method taxpayer may elect the same treatment for all purchases and sales of 
foreign currency obligations if such obligations are traded on an established securities market.  This election 
cannot be changed without the consent of the IRS.  Any gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on a sale or other 
disposition of foreign currency (including its exchange for U.S. dollars or its use to purchase foreign currency 
securities) will be ordinary income or loss. 
Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Securities 
General.  The following discussion describes certain special rules applicable to a U.S. Holder of Securities that 
(i) are denominated in a specified currency other than the U.S. dollar or the payments of interest and principal on 
which are payable in (or determined by reference to) a specified currency other than the U.S. dollar and provide 
for contingent payments or (ii) provide for payments made in or determined by reference to multiple currencies 
(other than the U.S. dollar) (such Securities hereinafter referred to as "foreign currency contingent payment 
securities").  These Securities will be subject to special rules that govern the tax treatment of foreign currency 
contingent payment securities under applicable Treasury regulations (the "foreign currency contingent debt 
regulations"). 
Pursuant to the foreign currency contingent debt regulations, a U.S. Holder of a Security will be required to accrue 
interest income on the Security on a constant yield basis, based on a comparable yield, as described below, 
regardless of whether such holder uses the cash or accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes.  All determinations and computations required under the foreign currency contingent debt regulations 
(including the relevant Issuer's determination of the "comparable yield" and "projected payment schedule" for the 
Security, each as defined below) will be made in the denomination currency of the Security.  The foreign currency 
contingent debt regulations provide that the denomination currency of Securities that have principal or interest 
payments denominated in, or determined by reference to, more than one currency is the currency with the greatest 
value determined by comparing the values of the noncontingent and projected payments denominated in, or 
determined by reference to, each currency on the issue date, discounted to present value and, if necessary, 
translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the issue date. 
The foreign currency contingent debt regulations provide that a U.S. Holder must accrue into income original 
issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes for each accrual period prior to and including the maturity 
date of the Security.  The amount of original issue discount that a U.S. Holder must accrue for each accrual period 
is determined in the denomination currency by applying the "noncontingent bond method" to the Security in the 
denomination currency and equals the product of: 
• 
the adjusted issue price (as defined below) of the Security in the denomination currency as of the 
beginning of the accrual period; 
• 
the comparable yield of the Security, adjusted for the length of the accrual period; and 
• 
a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the accrual period that the U.S. Holder 
held the Security and the denominator of which is the number of days in the accrual period. 
The "adjusted issue price" of a Security is its issue price, increased by any interest income previously accrued 
(determined without regard to any net positive or net negative adjustments as described below), and decreased by 
the amount of any projected payments that previously have been scheduled to be made in respect of the Security, 
each determined in the denomination currency. 
The term "comparable yield" as used in the foreign currency contingent debt regulations is determined in the 
denomination currency and is equal to the greater of (i) the annual yield the relevant Issuer would pay, as of the 
issue date, on a fixed rate debt instrument in the denomination currency with no contingent payments, but with

--- Page 693 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
693 
 
 
terms and conditions otherwise comparable to those of the Security, and (ii) a rate of interest that is analogous to 
the applicable federal rate that would be used if the U.S. dollar were the denomination currency. 
The foreign currency contingent debt regulations require that the relevant Issuer provides to U.S. Holders, solely 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a schedule of the projected amounts of payments in the denomination 
currency (the "projected payment schedule") on a Security.  This schedule must produce a yield to maturity that 
equals the comparable yield. 
The comparable yield and the projected payment schedule will not be provided for any purpose other than 
to determine a U.S. Holder's interest accruals and adjustments thereto in respect of the Security for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes.  The comparable yield and the projected payment schedule will not constitute 
a projection or representation by the relevant Issuer regarding the actual amounts that will be paid on the 
Security. 
Translation of Amounts Determined Under Noncontingent Bond Method.  The accruals of interest computed with 
respect to a Security in the denomination currency (adjusted by certain net positive or negative adjustments as 
described below) must be translated into U.S. dollars.  The U.S. dollar value of the accrued income will be 
determined by translating the income at an average rate of exchange for the accrual period or, with respect to an 
accrual period that spans two taxable years, at an average rate for the partial period within the taxable year.  A 
U.S. Holder may elect to translate interest income for an interest accrual period into U.S. dollars at the spot rate 
on the last day of the interest accrual period (or, in the case of a partial accrual period, the spot rate on the last day 
of the taxable year).  A U.S. Holder that makes this election must apply it consistently to all debt instruments from 
year to year and cannot change the election without the consent of the IRS. 
Adjustments to Interest Accruals on the Securities.  If, during any taxable year, a U.S. Holder of a Security receives 
actual payments with respect to such Security that, in the aggregate, exceed the total amount of projected payments 
for that taxable year, as determined in the denomination currency, the U.S. Holder will incur a "net positive 
adjustment" under the foreign currency contingent debt regulations equal to the amount of such excess.  The U.S. 
Holder will treat a net positive adjustment as additional interest income in that taxable year, translated into U.S. 
dollars at the spot rate on the last day of the taxable year in which the adjustment is taken into account or, if earlier, 
the date of a sale, exchange or retirement of the Security. 
If a U.S. Holder receives in a taxable year actual payments with respect to a Security that, in the aggregate, are 
less than the amount of projected payments for that taxable year, as determined in the denomination currency, the 
U.S. Holder will incur a "net negative adjustment" under the foreign currency contingent debt regulations equal 
to the amount of such deficit.  This net negative adjustment: 
(i) 
will first reduce interest on the Security that otherwise would accrue in the denomination currency for 
that taxable year and be included in income in the taxable year; 
(ii) 
to the extent of any excess after applying (i), will give rise to an ordinary loss to the extent of the U.S. 
Holder's accrued but unpaid interest on the Security in prior taxable years (translated into U.S. dollars at 
the spot rate used to translate interest in the relevant prior taxable year); 
(iii) 
to the extent of any excess after applying (i) and (ii), will give rise to an ordinary loss to the extent of the 
U.S. Holder's accrued and paid interest on the Security in prior taxable years (translated into U.S. dollars 
at the spot rate on the date the Security was issued or, if later, acquired); and 
(iv) 
to the extent of any excess after applying (i), (ii) and (iii), will be treated as a net negative adjustment 
carryforward that will be applied to reduce interest accruals in subsequent years and the amount realised 
in the year of a sale, exchange or retirement of the Security (in the denomination currency). 
With respect to non-corporate U.S. Holders, a net negative adjustment is not subject to the two percent floor 
limitation on miscellaneous itemised deductions. 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement of Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Securities.  Generally, the sale, exchange 
or retirement of a Security will result in taxable gain or loss to a U.S. Holder.  The amount of gain or loss on a 
sale, exchange or retirement of a Security will be equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, 
exchange or retirement and such holder's adjusted tax basis in the Security.  As discussed above, to the extent a 
U.S. Holder has any net negative adjustment carryforward, the U.S. Holder may use such net negative adjustment

--- Page 694 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
694 
 
 
from a previous year to reduce the amount realised in the denomination currency on the sale, exchange or 
retirement of the Security. 
A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in a Security will equal the U.S. dollar cost as of the day the U.S. Holder 
purchased the Security, increased by the U.S. dollar value of the holder's total interest accruals with respect to the 
Security (determined without regard to any adjustments to interest accruals as described above), translated as 
described above, and decreased by the amount of any projected payments that previously have been scheduled to 
be made in respect of the Security (translated into U.S. dollars). 
The amount realised on the sale, exchange or unscheduled retirement of a Security is generally equal to the U.S. 
dollar value of cash and the fair market value of any other property received by the U.S. Holder, including the fair 
market value of any Underlying Shares received, reduced by the amount of any net negative adjustment 
carryforward (translated into U.S. dollars).  Any gain, other than foreign currency gain (as discussed below), will 
be treated as interest income.  Any loss, other than foreign currency loss (as discussed below), will be treated as 
an ordinary loss to the extent of the excess of the holder's total interest accruals over the total net negative 
adjustments previously taken into account as ordinary losses in respect of the Security, and as a capital loss 
thereafter.  If a U.S. Holder recognises an ordinary loss upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a Security and such 
loss is above certain thresholds, the holder may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS.  See "— 
Disclosure Requirements" below. 
For purposes of determining the amount realised at maturity of a Security, the U.S. Holder will be deemed to 
receive the projected amount of any contingent payment due on that date, reduced by the amount of any net 
negative adjustment carryforward. The projected amount is translated into U.S. dollars by translating the portion 
attributable to principal into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the issue date and translating the portion attributable 
to accrued interest into U.S. dollars at the rates at which such amounts of interest were translated when accrued.  
To the extent that the actual amount a U.S. Holder receives at the maturity of a Security is greater or less than the 
projected amount, a U.S. Holder will incur a net positive adjustment or a net negative adjustment, which will be 
treated as described above under "—Adjustments to Interest Accruals on the SecuritiesAdjustments to Interest 
Accruals on the Securities." To the extent that there is any net negative adjustment carryforward as described 
above under "—Adjustments to Interest Accruals on the Securities," it will reduce the amount realised on the 
Security (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the issue date of the Security). 
Foreign Currency Gain or Loss on Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Securities.  A U.S. Holder may 
recognise foreign currency gain or loss with respect to a Security when the U.S. Holder receives payments on the 
Security.  The amount of foreign currency gain or loss attributable to payments of interest previously accrued on 
the Security is determined by translating the amount of interest received into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the 
date of receipt and subtracting from such amount the amount determined by translating the interest received into 
U.S. dollars at the rate at which such interest was accrued as described above.  The amount of foreign currency 
gain or loss attributable to payments of principal is determined by translating the amount of principal received 
into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt and subtracting from such amount the amount determined 
by translating the principal received into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date the Security was issued or, if 
later, acquired.  For purposes of determining the amount of foreign currency gain or loss, the amount received (i) 
shall first be attributed to any net positive adjustment on the Security that has not previously been taken into 
account and (ii) then to accrued but unpaid interest remaining after reduction by any net negative adjustment and 
(iii) any remaining amount shall be attributed to the principal. 
Upon a sale, exchange or unscheduled retirement of a Security, a U.S. Holder would also recognise foreign 
currency gain or loss.  Payments received upon such a sale, exchange or unscheduled retirement of a Security 
shall first be applied against the principal of the Security and then against accrued but unpaid interest (and treated, 
in each case, as described in the preceding paragraph). 
The total amount of foreign currency gain or loss on a Security is equal to the sum of the foreign currency gains 
or losses on principal and interest, calculated as described above.  Any such foreign currency gain or loss will be 
treated as ordinary income or loss.  Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers regarding these rules.  
If a U.S. Holder recognises an ordinary loss upon a sale or other disposition of a foreign currency contingent 
payment security and such loss is above certain thresholds, the holder may be required to file a disclosure 
statement with the IRS.  See "—Disclosure Requirements" below. 
Special rules will apply if one or more contingent payments on a Security become fixed.  If one or more contingent 
payments on a Security (determined in the denomination currency) become fixed more than six months prior to

--- Page 695 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
695 
 
 
the date each such payment is due, a U.S. Holder will be required to make a positive or negative adjustment, as 
appropriate, equal to the difference between the present value of the amounts that are fixed and the present value 
of the projected amounts of the contingent payments as provided in the projected payment schedule (determined 
in the denomination currency), using the comparable yield as the discount rate in each case.  If all remaining 
scheduled contingent payments on a Security become fixed substantially contemporaneously, a U.S. Holder will 
be required to make adjustments to account for the difference between the amounts treated as fixed and the 
projected payments in a reasonable manner over the remaining term of the Security.  For purposes of the preceding 
sentence, a payment (including an amount payable at maturity) will be treated as fixed if (and when) all remaining 
contingencies with respect to it are remote or incidental within the meaning of the applicable Treasury regulations.  
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Security and the character of any gain or loss on the sale of the Security will also 
be affected.  U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the application of these special rules. 
Contingent Payment Securities 
General.  Unless otherwise noted in the applicable Issue Terms, a Security that has principal or interest determined 
by reference to commodities, funds, securities or indices, other than a Short-Term Security (see the discussion 
under "—Short-Term Securities" above), or a Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Security (see the discussion 
under "—Adjustments to Interest Accruals on the Securities" above), (such Securities hereinafter referred to as 
"contingent payment securities") will generally be treated as a "contingent payment debt instrument" for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes.  As a result, the contingent payment securities will be subject to special rules that 
govern the tax treatment of debt obligations that are treated under applicable Treasury regulations (the "contingent 
debt regulations") as providing for contingent payments. 
Pursuant to the contingent debt regulations, a U.S. Holder of a contingent payment security will be required to 
accrue interest income on the contingent payment security on a constant yield basis, based on a comparable yield, 
as described below, regardless of whether such holder uses the cash or accrual method of accounting for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes.  As a result, a U.S. Holder may be required to include interest in income each year 
in excess of any stated interest payments actually received in that year. 
The contingent debt regulations provide that a U.S. Holder must accrue an amount of ordinary interest income, as 
original issue discount for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for each accrual period prior to and including the 
maturity date of the contingent payment security that equals the product of: 
• 
the adjusted issue price (as defined below) of the contingent payment security as of the beginning of the 
accrual period; 
• 
the comparable yield (as defined below) of the contingent payment security, adjusted for the length of 
the accrual period; and 
• 
a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days during the accrual period that the U.S. Holder 
held the contingent payment security and the denominator of which is the number of days in the accrual 
period. 
The "adjusted issue price" of a contingent payment security is its issue price, increased by any interest income 
previously accrued, determined without regard to any adjustments to interest accruals described below, and 
decreased by the projected amount of any payments (in accordance with the projected payment schedule described 
below) previously made with respect to the contingent payment security. 
The term "comparable yield" as used in the contingent debt regulations means the greater of (i) the annual yield 
the relevant Issuer would pay, as of the issue date, on a fixed-rate, nonconvertible debt instrument with no 
contingent payments, but with terms and conditions otherwise comparable to those of the contingent payment 
securities, and (ii) the applicable federal rate. 
The contingent debt regulations require that the relevant Issuer provides to U.S. Holders, solely for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, a schedule of the projected amounts of payments (the "projected payment schedule") on the 
contingent payment securities.  This schedule must produce a yield to maturity that equals the comparable yield. 
The comparable yield and the projected payment schedule will not be provided for any purpose other than 
to determine a U.S. Holder's interest accruals and adjustments thereto in respect of the contingent payment

--- Page 696 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
696 
 
 
securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  They will not constitute a projection or representation by 
the relevant Issuer regarding the actual amounts that will be paid on the contingent payment securities. 
Adjustments to Interest Accruals on the Securities.  If, during any taxable year, a U.S. Holder of a contingent 
payment security receives actual payments with respect to such contingent payment security that, in the aggregate, 
exceed the total amount of projected payments for that taxable year, the U.S. Holder will incur a "net positive 
adjustment" (i.e., the excess of projected payments over actual payments) under the contingent debt regulations 
equal to the amount of such excess.  The U.S. Holder will treat a net positive adjustment as additional interest 
income in that taxable year. 
If a U.S. Holder receives in a taxable year actual payments with respect to the contingent payment security that, 
in the aggregate, are less than the amount of projected payments for that taxable year, the U.S. Holder will incur 
a "net negative adjustment" under the contingent debt regulations equal to the amount of such deficit.  This net 
negative adjustment: 
(i) 
will first reduce the U.S. Holder's interest income on the contingent payment security for that taxable 
year; 
(ii) 
to the extent of any excess after applying (i) above(i), will give rise to an ordinary loss to the extent of 
the U.S. Holder's interest income on the contingent payment security during prior taxable years, reduced 
to the extent such interest was offset by prior net negative adjustments; and 
(iii) 
to the extent of any excess after applying (i) and (ii) above, will be carried forward as a negative 
adjustment to offset future interest income with respect to the contingent payment security or to reduce 
the amount realised on a sale, exchange or retirement of the contingent payment security. 
With respect to non-corporate U.S. Holders, a net negative adjustment is not subject to the two percent floor 
limitation on miscellaneous itemised deductions. 
Generally, the sale, exchange or retirement of a contingent payment security will result in taxable gain or loss to 
a U.S. Holder.  The amount of gain or loss on a sale, exchange or retirement of a contingent payment security will 
be equal to the difference between (a) the amount of cash plus the fair market value of any other property received 
by the U.S. Holder, including the fair market value of any Underlying Shares received (the "amount realised"), 
from the sale, exchange or retirement of the contingent payment security and (b) the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax 
basis in the contingent payment security.  As discussed above, to the extent that a U.S. Holder has any net negative 
adjustment carryforward, the U.S. Holder may use such net negative adjustment from a previous year to reduce 
the amount realised on the sale, exchange or retirement of the contingent payment security. 
For purposes of determining the amount realised on the scheduled retirement of a contingent payment security, a 
U.S. Holder will be treated as receiving the projected amount of any contingent payment due at maturity.  As 
previously discussed, to the extent that actual payments with respect to the contingent payment securities during 
the year of the scheduled retirement are greater or less than the projected payments for such year, a U.S. Holder 
will incur a net positive or negative adjustment, resulting in additional ordinary income or loss, as the case may 
be. 
A U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in a contingent payment security generally will be equal to the U.S. Holder's 
original purchase price for the contingent payment security, increased by any interest income previously accrued 
by the U.S. Holder (determined without regard to any adjustments to interest accruals described above) and 
decreased by the amount of any projected payments that previously have been scheduled to be made in respect of 
the contingent payment security (without regard to the actual amount paid). 
Gain recognised by a U.S. Holder upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a contingent payment security generally 
will be treated as ordinary interest income.  Any loss will be ordinary loss to the extent of the excess of previous 
interest inclusions over the total net negative adjustments previously taken into account as ordinary losses in 
respect of the contingent payment security, and thereafter capital loss (which will be long-term capital loss if the 
contingent payment security has been held for more than one year).  The deductibility of capital losses is subject 
to limitations.  If a U.S. Holder recognises a loss upon a sale or other disposition of a contingent payment security 
and such loss is above certain thresholds, the holder may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS.  
See "—Disclosure Requirements" below.

--- Page 697 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
697 
 
 
Special rules will apply if one or more contingent payments on a contingent payment security become fixed.  If 
one or more contingent payments on a contingent payment security become fixed more than six months prior to 
the date each such payment is due, a U.S. Holder will be required to make a positive or negative adjustment, as 
appropriate, equal to the difference between the present value of the amounts that are fixed and the present value 
of the projected amounts of the contingent payments as provided in the projected payment schedule, using the 
comparable yield as the discount rate in each case.  If all remaining scheduled contingent payments on a contingent 
payment security become fixed substantially contemporaneously, a U.S. Holder will be required to make 
adjustments to account for the difference between the amounts treated as fixed and the projected payments in a 
reasonable manner over the remaining term of the contingent payment security.  For purposes of the preceding 
sentence, a payment (including an amount payable at maturity) will be treated as fixed if (and when) all remaining 
contingencies with respect to it are remote or incidental within the meaning of the applicable Treasury regulations.  
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in the contingent payment security and the character of any gain or loss on the sale of 
the contingent payment security will also be affected.  U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning 
the application of these special rules. 
Securities Treated as Open Transactions 
This discussion applies to Securities that do not pay coupons and provide for a single payment at maturity or early 
settlement that is determined by reference to the performance of a relevant Reference Item and that thus may be 
greater than or substantially lower than the Security's issue price.  Due to the absence of statutory, judicial or 
administrative authorities that directly address the treatment of the Securities or instruments that are similar to the 
Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, no assurance can be given that the IRS or a court will agree with 
the tax treatment described herein. We intend to treat the Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a 
single financial contract that is an "open transaction" for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Our counsel has not rendered an opinion as to the proper U.S. federal income tax treatment of the 
Securities, and due to the absence of statutory, judicial or administrative authorities that directly address 
the treatment of the Securities described above no assurance can be given that the IRS or a court will agree 
with the treatment described herein. Significant aspects of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an 
investment in the Securities are uncertain. Accordingly, you should consult your tax adviser regarding all 
aspects of the U.S. federal tax consequences of an investment in the Securities (including possible alternative 
treatments) and with respect to any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. 
taxing jurisdiction.  Unless otherwise stated, the following discussion is based on the treatment of each 
Security as described in the previous paragraph. 
Taxable gain upon the sale, exchange or retirement of Securities, including any taxable gain attributable to 
fluctuations in currency exchange rates, will be treated as U.S.-source income. U.S. Holders should consult their 
tax advisers regarding additional U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Securities, 
including the rules applicable to foreign tax credits or deductions, in light of their own particular circumstances. 
Tax Treatment of Securities Treated as Open Transactions 
Tax Treatment Prior to Settlement.  Subject to the discussions below under "—Possible Taxable Events" and "—
Possible Application of Section 1256 of the Code," a U.S. Holder should not be required to recognise taxable 
income over the term of the Securities prior to settlement, other than pursuant to a sale or exchange as described 
below. 
Tax Basis.  Subject to the discussions below under "—Possible Taxable Events" and "—Possible Application of 
Section 1256 of the Code," a U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Security should equal the amount paid by the U.S. Holder 
to acquire the Security. 
Sale, Exchange or Settlement of a Security.  Upon a sale, exchange or settlement of a Security for cash, a U.S. 
Holder should recognise gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, exchange or 
settlement and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Security sold, exchanged or settled.  Subject to the discussion 
above regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules and the discussions below regarding the possible 
application of Sections 1260, 1258, 1256 and 988 of the Code and under "—Possible Taxable Events," any gain 
or loss recognised should be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder has held the Security for more than 
one year at the time of the sale, exchange or settlement, and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise.

--- Page 698 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
698 
 
 
A U.S. Holder that, upon physical settlement of a Security, receives Underlying Shares and cash in lieu of any 
shares, should, subject to the discussion above regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules and the 
discussions below regarding the possible application of Sections 1260, 1258 and 1256 of the Code, be treated as 
recognising capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount of cash received in lieu of any 
fractional share and the pro rata portion of the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Securities that is allocable to such 
fractional share, based on the amount of cash received and the fair market value of the Underlying Shares received, 
as of the final determination date of the Securities.  The U.S. Holder should not recognise any gain or loss with 
respect to any Underlying Shares received.  The U.S. Holder should have a basis in the Underlying Shares equal 
to the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Securities, other than any amount allocated to a fractional share.  The holding 
period for such Underlying Shares should start on the day after receipt. 
Possible Taxable Events 
In the event of a change in the methodology by which a Reference Item to which a Security relates is calculated, 
a change in the components of such a Reference Item, the discontinuance of such a Reference Item, the designation 
of a successor to such a Reference Item or other similar circumstances resulting in a material change to such a 
Reference Item, it is possible that a Security could be treated, in whole or in part, as terminated and reissued for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. Similar consequences could apply if the relevant Issuer is replaced and 
substituted by another entity as the principal debtor under the Securities. In the event of a deemed retirement, a 
U.S. Holder might be required to recognise gain or loss (subject to the possible application of the wash sale rules) 
with respect to the Security. Moreover, the tax treatment of the Security after the deemed reissuance could be 
materially adversely affected. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the risk of such an event. 
Possible Application of Section 1260 of the Code 
If a Security (other than a Security that provides for only a single fixed upside payment if the relevant Reference 
Item increases in value over the term of the Security or a Security that provides for an upside payment only if the 
relevant Reference Item decreases in value over the term of the Security) is linked to an equity interest in one of 
a specified list of entities ("Pass-Thru Entities"), including an exchange-traded fund or other regulated 
investment company, a real estate investment trust, a partnership or a PFIC, there is a substantial risk that an 
investment in the Security will be treated as a "constructive ownership transaction," as defined in Section 1260 of 
the Code.  If an investment in the Security is treated as a constructive ownership transaction, all or a portion of 
any long-term capital gain recognised by a U.S. Holder in respect of the Security could be recharacterised as 
ordinary income (the "Recharacterised Gain").  In addition, an interest charge would be imposed on any deemed 
underpayment of tax for each year that the constructive ownership transaction was outstanding.  The amount of 
the interest charge is determined by treating any Recharacterised Gain as having accrued such that the gain in 
each successive year is equal to the gain in the prior year increased by the applicable federal rate (determined as 
of the date of sale, exchange or settlement of the Security) during the term of the constructive ownership 
transaction. 
The amount of the Recharacterised Gain (if any) that would be treated as ordinary income in respect of the Security 
equals the excess of (i) any long-term capital gain recognised by the U.S. Holder in respect of the Security over 
(ii) the "net underlying long-term capital gain" (as defined in Section 1260 of the Code).  Even if an investment 
in the Security is treated as a constructive ownership transaction, the amount of net underlying long-term capital 
gain, and therefore the amount of Recharacterised Gain, is unclear.  It is possible, for example, that the net 
underlying long-term capital gain is equal to the aggregate net capital gain that the U.S. Holder would have had 
if the Underlying Shares had been acquired for fair market value on the issue date of the Security and sold for fair 
market value upon the date of sale, exchange or settlement of the Security (which would reflect the percentage 
increase, without any multiple, in the value of the Underlying Shares over the term of the Security).  However, 
the net underlying long-term capital gain could alternatively be calculated using a number of Underlying Shares 
that reflects the multiple upon which any gain on the Security will be calculated, in which case the amount of 
Recharacterised Gain would generally be zero.  Moreover, other features of a Security (such as a Security linked 
to multiple Pass-Thru Entities or a Pass-Thru Entity and one or more indices which do not contain any Pass-Thru 
Entities), may also give rise to uncertainty about the proper method for calculating the amount of Recharacterised 
Gain.  Under Section 1260 of the Code, the amount of net underlying long-term capital gain is treated as zero 
unless otherwise "established by clear and convincing evidence."  Furthermore, if a Pass-Thru Entity holds certain 
commodities, the long-term capital gain that a U.S. Holder would otherwise recognise in respect of the Security 
up to the amount of the net underlying long-term capital gain could, if the U.S. Holder is an individual or other 
non-corporate investor, be subject to tax at the higher rates applicable to "collectibles" instead of the general rates 
that apply to long-term capital gain.

--- Page 699 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
699 
 
 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, due to the lack of governing authority, our counsel 
expects to be unable to opine as to whether or how Section 1260 of the Code applies to Securities linked to Pass-
Thru Entities.  U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of the 
"constructive ownership" rule to the Securities. 
Possible Application of Section 1258 of the Code 
It is possible that an investment in certain Securities, particularly those that provide for a single fixed upside 
payment, could be treated as a "conversion transaction" under Section 1258 of the Code.  A conversion transaction 
includes, among others, a transaction marketed or sold as producing capital gains and from which substantially 
all of the taxpayer's expected return is attributable to the time value of the taxpayer's net investment.  If an 
investment in the Securities were treated as a conversion transaction, the gain from the sale, exchange or settlement 
of the Securities would be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the "applicable imputed income amount."  
The applicable imputed income amount is an amount equal to the amount of interest that would have accrued on 
the taxpayer's net investment in the conversion transaction (i.e., the amount paid by the U.S. Holder to acquire the 
Securities) for the period ending on the date of sale (including a deemed sale described above under "—Possible 
Taxable Events" or under the mark-to-market treatment discussed below under "—Possible Application of Section 
1256 of the Code"), exchange or settlement at a rate equal to 120 percent of the applicable federal rate.  U.S. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the possible application of Section 1258 of the Code to the 
Securities. 
Possible Application of Section 1256 of the Code 
Special rules will apply if a Security constitutes, in whole or in part, a "Section 1256 Contract" under Section 
1256 of the Code.  Section 1256 Contracts include, among others, "listed options."  Accordingly, if a Security is 
listed on (or subject to the rules of) an exchange, board of trade or market, it is possible that the Security may be 
treated, in whole or in part, as a Section 1256 Contract. If Section 1256 of the Code were to apply to a Security, 
U.S. Holders would be required (i) to mark to market all or a portion of the Security as if it were sold at its fair 
market value on the last business day of each year it is held, and (ii) to recognise any gain or loss in respect of the 
portion of the Security that is treated as a Section 1256 Contract as 40 per cent. short-term capital gain or loss and 
60 per cent. long-term capital gain or loss.  U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential 
application of Section 1256 of the Code to the Securities. 
Possible Application of Section 988 of the Code 
General. The following discussion describes certain special rules applicable to a U.S. Holder of Securities that 
are open transactions and for which the Reference Item includes one or more currencies (other than the U.S. 
dollar). 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement. Because the return on the Security is "determined by reference to the value" of one 
or more foreign currencies, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, we intend to treat the Security 
as subject to Section 988 of the Code.  In that case, any gain or loss recognised on the Security (including any 
gain or loss resulting from the possible application of Section 1256 of the Code, as discussed above) generally 
will be ordinary income or loss unless an election under Section 988(a)(1)(B) of the Code to treat such gain or 
loss as capital gain or loss (the "Section 988 election") is available and the U.S. Holder makes such election 
before the close of the day on which the U.S. Holder purchases the Security.  While a taxpayer may make a Section 
988 election to treat gain or loss on certain forward contracts, futures contracts or option contracts linked to one 
or more foreign currencies as capital gain or loss, it is unclear whether a Section 988 election is available for the 
Security.  Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, due to the lack of governing authority, our 
counsel expects to be unable to opine as to whether the Section 988 election is available for the Security.  U.S. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers about the potential application of Section 988 of the Code and the Section 
988 election to the Security.  In addition, a U.S. Holder might be subject to special reporting requirements that 
apply to foreign currency losses that exceed certain thresholds. 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatments of an Investment in a Security 
Due to the absence of authorities that directly address the proper tax treatment of the Security, no assurance can 
be given that the IRS will accept, or that a court will uphold, the treatment described above.  The IRS could, for 
instance, seek to treat a Security as a debt instrument.  The risk that financial instruments providing for downside 
protection features would be recharacterised, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as debt instruments giving rise

--- Page 700 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
700 
 
 
to ordinary income and possible accrual of income prior to maturity or disposition of the Security, rather than as 
open transactions, is greater than the risk of recharacterisation for comparable financial instruments that do not 
have such features.  If the Security were recharacterised as a debt instrument, the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences to the U.S. Holder would depend on the terms of the Security and could be materially adverse to 
the U.S. Holder.  For a description of the tax treatment of Securities that are treated as debt instruments, see the 
discussion under "—Securities Treated as Indebtedness for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes" above. 
Even if debt treatment does not apply to the Security, other alternative U.S. federal income tax treatments of the 
Security are possible, which, if applied, could significantly affect the timing and character of the income or loss 
with respect to the Security.  It is possible, for example, that a Security could be treated as a unit consisting of a 
loan and a forward contract, in which case a U.S. Holder might be required to accrue OID into income on a current 
basis. 
In 2007, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released a notice requesting comments on the U.S. federal 
income tax treatment of "prepaid forward contracts" and similar instruments.  The notice focuses in particular on 
whether to require holders of these instruments to accrue income over the term of their investment.  It also asks 
for comments on a number of related topics, including the character of income or loss with respect to these 
instruments; whether short-term instruments should be subject to any such accrual regime; the relevance of factors 
such as the exchange-traded status of the instruments and the nature of the underlying property to which the 
instruments are linked; and whether these instruments are or should be subject to the "constructive ownership" 
rule (as discussed above under "—Possible Application of Section 1260 of the Code").  While the notice requests 
comments on appropriate transition rules and effective dates, any Treasury regulations or other guidance 
promulgated after consideration of these issues could materially and adversely affect the tax consequences of an 
investment in the Security, possibly with retroactive effect. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding all aspects of the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of an investment in the Security, including the possible implications of the IRS notice. 
Securities Providing for Upside Potential and Treated as Single Financial Contracts with Associated 
Coupons 
This discussion applies to Securities that pay coupons and provide for a single payment at maturity or early 
settlement that is determined by reference to the performance of a relevant Reference Item and that thus may be 
greater than or substantially lower than the Security's issue price. Due to the absence of statutory, judicial or 
administrative authorities that directly address the treatment of the Securities or instruments that are similar to the 
Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, no assurance can be given that the IRS or a court will agree with 
the tax treatment described herein.  We intend to treat the Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a 
single financial contract that provides for a coupon that will be treated as gross income to you at the time received 
or accrued in accordance with your regular method of tax accounting. 
Our counsel has not rendered an opinion as to the proper U.S. federal income tax treatment of the 
Securities, and due to the absence of statutory, judicial or administrative authoties that directly address 
the treatment of the Securities described above, no assurance can be given that the IRS or a court will agree 
with the treatment described herein.  Significant aspects of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an 
investment in the Securities are uncertain.  Accordingly, you should consult your tax adviser regarding all 
aspects of the U.S. federal tax consequences of an investment in the Securities (including possible alternative 
treatments) and with respect to any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. 
taxing jurisdiction.  Unless otherwise stated, the following discussion is based on the treatment of each 
Security as described in the previous paragraph. 
Taxable gain upon the sale, exchange or retirement of Securities, including any taxable gain attributable to 
fluctuations in currency exchange rates, will be treated as U.S.-source income.  Coupon payments received from 
an investment in Securities will be treated as non-U.S. source income.  U.S. Holders should consult their tax 
advisers regarding additional U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Securities, including 
the rules applicable to foreign tax credits or deductions, in light of their own particular circumstances. 
Tax Treatment of the Securities 
Assuming the treatment of the Securities as set forth above is respected, the following U.S. federal income tax 
consequences should result.

--- Page 701 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
701 
 
 
Tax Basis.  Subject to the discussions below under "—Possible Taxable Events" and "—Possible Application of 
Section 1256 of the Code," a U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Securities should equal the amount paid by the U.S. 
Holder to acquire the Securities. 
Coupon Payments on the Securities.  Any coupon payments on the Securities should be taxable as ordinary income 
to a U.S. Holder at the time received or accrued, in accordance with the U.S. Holder's regular method of accounting 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Sale, Exchange or Settlement of the Securities.  Upon a sale, exchange or settlement of the Securities for cash, a 
U.S. Holder should recognise gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, 
exchange or settlement and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Securities so sold, exchanged or settled.  For this 
purpose, the amount realised does not include any coupon paid at settlement, and may not include sale proceeds 
attributable to an accrued coupon, which may be treated as a coupon payment.  Subject to the discussion above 
regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules and the discussions below regarding the possible application 
of Sections 1260, 1258, 1256 and 988 of the Code and under "—Possible Taxable Events," any such gain or loss 
recognised should be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder has held the Securities for more than one 
year at the time of the sale, exchange or settlement, and should be short-term capital gain or loss otherwise. The 
ordinary income treatment of the coupon payments, in conjunction with the capital loss treatment of any loss 
recognised upon the sale, exchange or settlement of the Securities, could result in adverse tax consequences to 
holders of the Securities because the deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. 
A U.S. Holder that, upon settlement of the Securities, receives Underlying Shares and cash in lieu of any fractional 
share should, subject to the discussion above regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules and the 
discussions below regarding the possible application of Sections 1260, 1258 and 1256 of the Code, be treated as 
recognising capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount of cash received in lieu of any 
fractional share and the pro rata portion of the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Securities that is allocable to such 
fractional share, based on the amount of cash received and the fair market value of the Underlying Shares received, 
as of the final determination date of the Securities.  The U.S. Holder should not recognise any gain or loss with 
respect to any Underlying Shares received.  The U.S. Holder should have a basis in the Underlying Shares equal 
to the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Securities, other than any amount allocated to a fractional share.  The holding 
period for such Underlying Shares should start on the day after receipt. 
Possible Taxable Events 
In the event of a change in the methodology by which a Reference Item to which a Security relates is calculated, 
a change in the components of such a Reference Item, the discontinuance of such a Reference Item, the designation 
of a successor to such a Reference Item or other similar circumstances resulting in a material change to such a 
Reference Item, it is possible that a Security could be treated, in whole or in part, as terminated and reissued for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. Similar consequences could apply if the relevant Issuer is replaced and 
substituted by another entity as the principal debtor under the Securities. In the event of a deemed retirement, a 
U.S. Holder might be required to recognise gain or loss (subject to the possible application of the wash sale rules) 
with respect to the Security. Moreover, the tax treatment of the Security after the deemed reissuance could be 
materially adversely affected. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the risk of such an event. 
Possible Application of Section 1260 of the Code 
If a Security (other than a Security that provides for only a single fixed upside payment if the relevant Reference 
Item increases in value over the term of the Security or a Security that provides for an upside payment only if the 
relevant Reference Item decreases in value over the term of the Security) is linked to an equity interest in one of 
a specified list of entities ("Pass-Thru Entities"), including an exchange-traded fund or other regulated 
investment company, a real estate investment trust, a partnership or a PFIC, there is a substantial risk that an 
investment in the Security will be treated as a "constructive ownership transaction," as defined in Section 1260 of 
the Code.  If an investment in the Security is treated as a constructive ownership transaction, all or a portion of 
any long-term capital gain recognised by a U.S. Holder in respect of the Security could be recharacterised as 
ordinary income (the "Recharacterised Gain").  In addition, an interest charge would be imposed on any deemed 
underpayment of tax for each year that the constructive ownership transaction was outstanding.  The amount of 
the interest charge is determined by treating any Recharacterised Gain as having accrued such that the gain in 
each successive year is equal to the gain in the prior year increased by the applicable federal rate (determined as 
of the date of sale, exchange or settlement of the Security) during the term of the constructive ownership 
transaction.

--- Page 702 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
702 
 
 
The amount of the Recharacterised Gain (if any) that would be treated as ordinary income in respect of the Security 
equals the excess of (i) any long-term capital gain recognised by the U.S. Holder in respect of the Security over 
(ii) the "net underlying long-term capital gain" (as defined in Section 1260 of the Code).  Even if an investment 
in the Security is treated as a constructive ownership transaction, the amount of net underlying long-term capital 
gain, and therefore the amount of Recharacterised Gain, is unclear.  It is possible, for example, that the net 
underlying long-term capital gain is equal to the aggregate net capital gain that the U.S. Holder would have had 
if the Underlying Shares had been acquired for fair market value on the issue date of the Security and sold for fair 
market value upon the date of sale, exchange or settlement of the Security (which would reflect the percentage 
increase, without any multiple, in the value of the Underlying Shares over the term of the Security).  However, 
the net underlying long-term capital gain could alternatively be calculated using a number of Underlying Shares 
that reflects the multiple upon which any gain on the Security will be calculated, in which case the amount of 
Recharacterised Gain would generally be zero.  Moreover, other features of a Security (such as a Security linked 
to multiple Pass-Thru Entities or a Pass-Thru Entity and one or more indices which do not contain any Pass-Thru 
Entities), may also give rise to uncertainty about the proper method for calculating the amount of Recharacterised 
Gain.  Under Section 1260 of the Code, the amount of net underlying long-term capital gain is treated as zero 
unless otherwise "established by clear and convincing evidence."  Furthermore, if a Pass-Thru Entity holds certain 
commodities, the long-term capital gain that a U.S. Holder would otherwise recognise in respect of the Security 
up to the amount of the net underlying long-term capital gain could, if the U.S. Holder is an individual or other 
non-corporate investor, be subject to tax at the higher rates applicable to "collectibles" instead of the general rates 
that apply to long-term capital gain. 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, due to the lack of governing authority, our counsel 
expects to be unable to opine as to whether or how Section 1260 of the Code applies to Securities linked to Pass-
Thru Entities.  U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of the 
"constructive ownership" rule to the Securities. 
Possible Application of Section 1258 of the Code 
It is possible that an investment in certain Securities, particularly those that provide for a single fixed upside 
payment, could be treated as a "conversion transaction" under Section 1258 of the Code.  A conversion transaction 
includes, among others, a transaction marketed or sold as producing capital gains and from which substantially 
all of the taxpayer's expected return is attributable to the time value of the taxpayer's net investment.  If an 
investment in the Securities were treated as a conversion transaction, the gain from the sale, exchange or settlement 
of the Securities would be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the "applicable imputed income amount."  
The applicable imputed income amount is an amount equal to the amount of interest that would have accrued on 
the taxpayer's net investment in the conversion transaction (i.e., the amount paid by the U.S. Holder to acquire the 
Securities) for the period ending on the date of sale (including a deemed sale described above under "—Possible 
Taxable Events" or under the mark-to-market treatment discussed below under "—Possible Application of Section 
1256 of the Code"), exchange or settlement at a rate equal to 120 percent of the applicable federal rate.  U.S. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the possible application of Section 1258 of the Code to the 
Securities. 
Possible Application of Section 1258 of the Code 
It is possible that an investment in certain Securities, particularly those that provide for a single fixed upside 
payment, could be treated as a "conversion transaction" under Section 1258 of the Code.  A conversion transaction 
includes, among others, a transaction marketed or sold as producing capital gains and from which substantially 
all of the taxpayer's expected return is attributable to the time value of the taxpayer's net investment.  If an 
investment in the Securities were treated as a conversion transaction, the gain from the sale, exchange or settlement 
of the Securities would be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the "applicable imputed income amount."  
The applicable imputed income amount is an amount equal to the amount of interest that would have accrued on 
the taxpayer's net investment in the conversion transaction (i.e., the amount paid by the U.S. Holder to acquire the 
Securities) for the period ending on the date of sale (including a deemed sale described above under "—Possible 
Taxable Events" or under the mark-to-market treatment discussed below under "—Possible Application of Section 
1256 of the Code"), exchange or settlement at a rate equal to 120 percent of the applicable federal rate.  U.S. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the possible application of Section 1258 of the Code to the 
Securities.

--- Page 703 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
703 
 
 
Possible Application of Section 1256 of the Code 
Special rules will apply if a Security constitutes, in whole or in part, a "Section 1256 Contract" under Section 
1256 of the Code.  Section 1256 Contracts include, among others, "listed options."  Accordingly, if a Security is 
listed on (or subject to the rules of) an exchange, board of trade or market, it is possible that the Security may be 
treated, in whole or in part, as a Section 1256 Contract. If Section 1256 of the Code were to apply to a Security, 
U.S. Holders would be required (i) to mark to market all or a portion of the Security as if it were sold at its fair 
market value on the last business day of each year it is held, and (ii) to recognise any gain or loss in respect of the 
portion of the Security that is treated as a Section 1256 Contract as 40 per cent. short-term capital gain or loss and 
60 per cent. long-term capital gain or loss.  U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential 
application of Section 1256 of the Code to the Securities. 
Possible Application of Section 988 of the Code 
General. The following discussion describes certain special rules applicable to a U.S. Holder of Securities that 
are single financial contracts with associated coupons and for which the Reference Item includes one or more 
currencies (other than the U.S. dollar). 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement. Because the return on the Security is "determined by reference to the value" of one 
or more foreign currencies, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, we intend to treat the Security 
as subject to Section 988 of the Code.  In that case, any gain or loss recognised on the Security (including any 
gain or loss resulting from the possible application of Section 1256 of the Code, as discussed above) generally 
will be ordinary income or loss unless an election under Section 988(a)(1)(B) of the Code to treat such gain or 
loss as capital gain or loss (the "Section 988 election") is available and the U.S. Holder makes such election 
before the close of the day on which the U.S. Holder purchases the Security.  While a taxpayer may make a Section 
988 election to treat gain or loss on certain forward contracts, futures contracts or option contracts linked to one 
or more foreign currencies as capital gain or loss, it is unclear whether a Section 988 election is available for the 
Security.  Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, due to the lack of governing authority, our 
counsel expects to be unable to opine as to whether the Section 988 election is available for the Security.  U.S. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers about the potential application of Section 988 of the Code and the Section 
988 election to the Security.  In addition, a U.S. Holder might be subject to special reporting requirements that 
apply to foreign currency losses that exceed certain thresholds. 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatments of an Investment in the Securities 
Due to the absence of authorities that directly address the proper tax treatment of the Security, no assurance can 
be given that the IRS will accept, or that a court will uphold, the treatment described above.  The IRS could, for 
instance, seek to treat a Security as a debt instrument.  The risk that financial instruments providing for downside 
protection features would be recharacterised, for U.S. federal income tax purposes as debt instruments giving rise 
to ordinary income and possible accrual of income prior to maturity or disposition of the Security, rather than as 
single financial contracts with associated coupons, is greater than the risk of recharacterisation for comparable 
financial instruments that do not have such features.  If the Security were recharacterised as a debt instrument, the 
U.S. federal income tax consequences to the U.S. Holder would depend on the terms of the Security and could be 
materially adverse to the U.S. Holder.  For a description of the tax treatment of Securities that are treated as debt 
instruments, see the discussion under "—Securities Treated as Indebtedness for U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Purposes" above. 
Even if debt treatment does not apply to the Security, other alternative U.S. federal income tax treatments of the 
Security are possible, which, if applied, could significantly affect the timing and character of the income or loss 
with respect to the Security.  It is possible, for example, that a Security could be treated as a unit consisting of a 
loan and a forward contract, in which case a U.S. Holder might be required to accrue OID into income on a current 
basis. 
In 2007, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released a notice requesting comments on the U.S. federal 
income tax treatment of "prepaid forward contracts" and similar instruments.  The notice focuses in particular on 
whether to require holders of these instruments to accrue income over the term of their investment.  It also asks 
for comments on a number of related topics, including the character of income or loss with respect to these 
instruments; whether short-term instruments should be subject to any such accrual regime; the relevance of factors 
such as the exchange-traded status of the instruments and the nature of the underlying property to which the 
instruments are linked; and whether these instruments are or should be subject to the "constructive ownership"

--- Page 704 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
704 
 
 
rule (as discussed above under "—Possible Application of Section 1260 of the Code").  While the notice requests 
comments on appropriate transition rules and effective dates, any Treasury regulations or other guidance 
promulgated after consideration of these issues could materially and adversely affect the tax consequences of an 
investment in the Security, possibly with retroactive effect. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding all aspects of the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of an investment in the Security, including the possible implications of the IRS notice. 
Securities Treated as Single Financial Contracts with Associated Coupons That Do Not Provide for Upside 
This discussion applies to Securities that pay contingent coupons and provide for a single payment at maturity or 
early settlement that is determined by reference to the performance of a relevant Reference Item and that may be 
substantially lower than but may not exceed the Security's issue price (other than the contingent coupons). Due to 
the absence of statutory, judicial or administrative authorities that directly address the treatment of the Securities 
or instruments that are similar to the Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, no assurance can be given 
that the IRS or a court will agree with the tax treatment described herein.  We intend to treat the Securities for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes as a single financial contract that provides for a coupon that will be treated as 
gross income to you at the time received or accrued in accordance with your regular method of tax accounting. 
Our counsel has not rendered an opinion as to the proper U.S. federal income tax treatment of the 
Securities, and due to the absence of statutory, judicial or administrative authoties that directly address 
the treatment of the Securities described above, no assurance can be given that the IRS or a court will agree 
with the treatment described herein.  Significant aspects of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an 
investment in the Securities are uncertain.  Accordingly, you should consult your tax adviser regarding all 
aspects of the U.S. federal tax consequences of an investment in the Securities (including possible alternative 
treatments) and with respect to any tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. 
taxing jurisdiction.  Unless otherwise stated, the following discussion is based on the treatment of each 
Security as described in the previous paragraph. 
Taxable gain upon the sale, exchange or retirement of Securities, including any taxable gain attributable to 
fluctuations in currency exchange rates, will be treated as U.S.-source income.  Coupon payments received from 
an investment in Securities will be treated as non-U.S. source income.  U.S. Holders should consult their tax 
advisers regarding additional U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Securities, including 
the rules applicable to foreign tax credits or deductions, in light of their own particular circumstances. 
Tax Treatment of the Securities 
Assuming the treatment of the Securities as set forth above is respected, the following U.S. federal income tax 
consequences should result. 
Tax Basis.  Subject to the discussions below under "—Possible Taxable Events" a U.S. Holder's tax basis in the 
Securities should equal the amount paid by the U.S. Holder to acquire the Securities. 
Coupon Payments on the Securities.  Any coupon payments on the Securities should be taxable as ordinary income 
to a U.S. Holder at the time received or accrued, in accordance with the U.S. Holder's regular method of accounting 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Sale, Exchange or Settlement of the Securities.  Upon a sale, exchange or settlement of the Securities for cash, a 
U.S. Holder should recognise gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale, 
exchange or settlement and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Securities so sold, exchanged or settled.  For this 
purpose, the amount realised does not include any coupon paid at settlement, and may not include sale proceeds 
attributable to an accrued coupon, which may be treated as a coupon payment.  Subject to the discussions below 
regarding the possible application of Sections 988 and 1256 of the Code under "—Possible Taxable Events," any 
such gain or loss recognised should be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder has held the Securities for 
more than one year at the time of the sale, exchange or settlement, and should be short-term capital gain or loss 
otherwise. The ordinary income treatment of the coupon payments, in conjunction with the capital loss treatment 
of any loss recognised upon the sale, exchange or settlement of the Securities, could result in adverse tax 
consequences to holders of the Securities because the deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.

--- Page 705 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
705 
 
 
A U.S. Holder that, upon settlement of the Securities, receives Underlying Shares and cash in lieu of any fractional 
share should, subject to the discussion below regarding Section 1256 of the Code, be treated as recognising capital 
gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount of cash received in lieu of any fractional share and the pro 
rata portion of the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Securities that is allocable to such fractional share, based on the 
amount of cash received and the fair market value of the Underlying Shares received, as of the final determination 
date of the Securities.  The U.S. Holder should not recognise any gain or loss with respect to any Underlying 
Shares received.  The U.S. Holder should have a basis in the Underlying Shares equal to the U.S. Holder's tax 
basis in the Securities, other than any amount allocated to a fractional share.  The holding period for such 
Underlying Shares should start on the day after receipt. 
Possible Taxable Events 
In the event of a change in the methodology by which a Reference Item to which a Security relates is calculated, 
a change in the components of such a Reference Item, the discontinuance of such a Reference Item, the designation 
of a successor to such a Reference Item or other similar circumstances resulting in a material change to such a 
Reference Item, it is possible that a Security could be treated, in whole or in part, as terminated and reissued for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. Similar consequences could apply if the relevant Issuer is replaced and 
substituted by another entity as the principal debtor under the Securities. In the event of a deemed retirement, a 
U.S. Holder might be required to recognise gain or loss (subject to the possible application of the wash sale rules) 
with respect to the Security. Moreover, the tax treatment of the Security after the deemed reissuance could be 
materially adversely affected. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the risk of such an event. 
Possible Application of Section 1258 of the Code 
It is possible that an investment in certain Securities, particularly those that provide for a single fixed upside 
payment, could be treated as a "conversion transaction" under Section 1258 of the Code.  A conversion transaction 
includes, among others, a transaction marketed or sold as producing capital gains and from which substantially 
all of the taxpayer's expected return is attributable to the time value of the taxpayer's net investment.  If an 
investment in the Securities were treated as a conversion transaction, the gain from the sale, exchange or settlement 
of the Securities would be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the "applicable imputed income amount."  
The applicable imputed income amount is an amount equal to the amount of interest that would have accrued on 
the taxpayer's net investment in the conversion transaction (i.e., the amount paid by the U.S. Holder to acquire the 
Securities) for the period ending on the date of sale (including a deemed sale described above under "—Possible 
Taxable Events" or under the mark-to-market treatment discussed below under "—Possible Application of Section 
1256 of the Code"), exchange or settlement at a rate equal to 120 percent of the applicable federal rate.  U.S. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the possible application of Section 1258 of the Code to the 
Securities. 
Possible Application of Section 1256 of the Code 
Special rules will apply if a Security constitutes, in whole or in part, a "Section 1256 Contract" under Section 
1256 of the Code.  Section 1256 Contracts include, among others, "listed options."  Accordingly, if a Security is 
listed on (or subject to the rules of) an exchange, board of trade or market, it is possible that the Security may be 
treated, in whole or in part, as a Section 1256 Contract. If Section 1256 of the Code were to apply to a Security, 
U.S. Holders would be required (i) to mark to market all or a portion of the Security as if it were sold at its fair 
market value on the last business day of each year it is held, and (ii) to recognise any gain or loss in respect of the 
portion of the Security that is treated as a Section 1256 Contract as 40 per cent. short-term capital gain or loss and 
60 per cent. long-term capital gain or loss.  U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential 
application of Section 1256 of the Code to the Securities. 
Possible Application of Section 988 of the Code 
General. The following discussion describes certain special rules applicable to a U.S. Holder of Securities that 
are single financial contracts with associated coupons and for which the Reference Item includes one or more 
currencies (other than the U.S. dollar). 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement. Because the return on the Security is "determined by reference to the value" of one 
or more foreign currencies, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, we intend to treat the Security 
as subject to Section 988 of the Code.  In that case, any gain or loss recognised on the Security generally will be 
ordinary income or loss unless an election under Section 988(a)(1)(B) of the Code to treat such gain or loss as

--- Page 706 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
706 
 
 
capital gain or loss (the "Section 988 election") is available and the U.S. Holder makes such election before the 
close of the day on which the U.S. Holder purchases the Security.  While a taxpayer may make a Section 988 
election to treat gain or loss on certain forward contracts, futures contracts or option contracts linked to one or 
more foreign currencies as capital gain or loss, it is unclear whether a Section 988 election is available for the 
Security.  Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, due to the lack of governing authority, our 
counsel expects to be unable to opine as to whether the Section 988 election is available for the Security.  U.S. 
Holders should consult their tax advisers about the potential application of Section 988 of the Code and the Section 
988 election to the Security.  In addition, a U.S. Holder might be subject to special reporting requirements that 
apply to foreign currency losses that exceed certain thresholds. 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatments of an Investment in the Securities 
Due to the absence of authorities that directly address the proper tax treatment of the Security, no assurance can 
be given that the IRS will accept, or that a court will uphold, the treatment described above.  The IRS could, for 
instance, seek to treat a Security as a debt instrument.  The risk that financial instruments providing for downside 
protection features would be recharacterised for U.S. federal income tax purposes as debt instruments giving rise 
to ordinary income and possible accrual of income prior to maturity or disposition of the Security, rather than as 
single financial contracts with associated coupons, is greater than the risk of recharacterisation for comparable 
financial instruments that do not have such features.  If the Security were recharacterised as a debt instrument, the 
U.S. federal income tax consequences to the U.S. Holder would depend on the terms of the Security and could be 
materially adverse to the U.S. Holder.  For a description of the tax treatment of Securities that are treated as debt 
instruments, see the discussion under "—Securities Treated as Indebtedness for U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Purposes" above. 
Even if debt treatment does not apply to the Security, other alternative U.S. federal income tax treatments of the 
Security are possible, which, if applied, could significantly affect the timing and character of the income or loss 
with respect to the Security.  In 2007, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released a notice requesting 
comments on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of "prepaid forward contracts" and similar instruments.  The 
notice focuses in particular on whether to require holders of these instruments to accrue income over the term of 
their investment.  It also asks for comments on a number of related topics, including the character of income or 
loss with respect to these instruments; whether short-term instruments should be subject to any such accrual 
regime; the relevance of factors such as the exchange-traded status of the instruments and the nature of the 
underlying property to which the instruments are linked; and whether these instruments are or should be subject 
to the "constructive ownership" rule (as discussed above under "—Possible Application of Section 1260 of the 
Code").  While the notice requests comments on appropriate transition rules and effective dates, any Treasury 
regulations or other guidance promulgated after consideration of these issues could materially and adversely affect 
the tax consequences of an investment in the Security, possibly with retroactive effect. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding all aspects of the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of an investment in the Security, including the possible implications of the IRS notice. 
Securities Treated as Put Rights and Deposits 
General. This discussion applies to Securities that pay coupons at a fixed rate and provide for a single payment at 
maturity or early settlement that is determined by reference to the performance of a relevant Reference Item and 
that may be substantially lower than but may not exceed the Security's issue price (other than the coupon). Except 
as otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, we intend (in the absence of an administrative determination 
or judicial ruling to the contrary) to treat each Security, under current law, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
as a unit consisting of the following: 
(i) 
a put right (the "Put Right") written by the investor to BBVA and/or the Group that, if exercised, requires 
the investor to pay BBVA and/or the Group an amount equal to the Deposit (as defined below) in 
exchange for a cash amount based on the performance of the relevant Reference Item (or, if the relevant 
Reference Item consists of Underlying Shares, in exchange for the Underlying Shares (and cash in lieu 
of a fractional share) or, at BBVA and/or the Group’s option, the cash value of such Underlying Shares 
as determined on the determination date (or, if applicable, the date of acceleration)); and 
(ii) 
a deposit with BBVA and/or the Group of a fixed amount of cash, equal to the issue price, to secure the 
investor's obligation under the Put Right (the "Deposit") that pays interest based on BBVA and/or the 
Group’s cost of borrowing at the time of issuance (the "Yield on the Deposit").

--- Page 707 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
707 
 
 
Assuming the characterisation of the Securities as set forth above is respected, a portion of the coupon on the 
Securities will be treated as Yield on the Deposit and the remainder will be attributable to the premium on the Put 
Right (the "Put Premium").  The Yield on the Deposit will be determined as of the pricing date and set forth in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Issue Terms, we will allocate 100 per cent. of the issue price of the 
Securities to the Deposit and none to the Put Right.  BBVA and/or the Group’s allocation of the issue price 
between the Put Right and the Deposit will be binding on investors in the Securities, unless an investor timely and 
explicitly discloses to the IRS that its allocation is different from ours.  The treatment of the Securities described 
above and BBVA and/or the Group’s allocation are not, however, binding on the IRS or a court.  No statutory, 
judicial or administrative authority directly addresses the treatment of the Securities or instruments similar to the 
Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and no ruling is being requested from the IRS with respect to the 
Securities. 
Our counsel has not rendered an opinion as to the proper U.S. federal income tax treatment of the 
Securities, and due to the absence of statutory, judicial or administrative authoties that directly address 
the treatment of the Securities described above, no assurance can be given that the IRS or a court will agree 
with the treatment described herein.  Significant aspects of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an 
investment in the Securities are uncertain, and no assurance can be given that the IRS or a court will agree 
with the treatment described herein.  Accordingly, you should consult your tax adviser regarding the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Securities (including alternative treatments of the 
Securities).  Unless otherwise stated, the following discussion is based on the treatment of each Security and 
the allocation described above. 
Taxable gain upon the sale, exchange or retirement of Securities, including any taxable gain attributable to 
fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and the portion of any coupon payments attributable to the Put Premium 
will be treated as U.S.-source income. The portion of any coupon payments attributable to the Yield on the Deposit 
will be treated as non-U.S. source income.  U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding additional 
U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Securities, including the rules applicable to foreign 
tax credits or deductions, in light of their own particular circumstances. 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, the following U.S. federal income tax consequences 
should result. 
Securities with a Term Equal to or Less Than One Year 
The following discussion describes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of ownership and disposition of 
a Security with a term that is equal to or less than one year (taking into account the last possible date that the 
Securities could be outstanding under its terms). 
Coupon Payments on the Securities.  Under the characterisation described above under "─General," only a portion 
of the coupon payments on the Securities will be attributable to the Yield on the Deposit.  The remainder of the 
coupon payments will represent payments attributable to the Put Premium.  The Put Premium will generally not 
be taxable to a U.S. Holder upon receipt, but instead will be accounted for as described below. 
The Deposit will be treated as a "short-term obligation" for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Accordingly, to the 
extent attributable to the Yield on the Deposit, coupon payments on the Securities will generally be taxable to a 
U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income, as set forth herein.  A U.S. Holder who is a cash-method taxpayer will 
not be required to include the Yield on the Deposit currently in income for U.S. federal income tax purposes prior 
to receipt of such amounts unless the holder elects to do so.  A U.S. Holder who is a cash-method taxpayer and 
does not make such election should include the Yield on the Deposit as income upon receipt.  An accrual-method 
U.S. Holder will be required to include the Yield on the Deposit in income as it accrues on a straight-line basis, 
unless the holder makes an election to accrue the Yield on the Deposit according to a constant yield method based 
on daily compounding. 
Additionally, a cash-method U.S. Holder who does not elect to accrue the Yield on the Deposit will be required 
to defer deductions for certain interest paid on indebtedness incurred to purchase or carry the Securities until the 
Yield on the Deposit is included in income. The amount of deductions required to be deferred should not exceed 
the amount of the Yield on the Deposit the U.S Holder would have taken into income under an election to accrue 
such amounts.

--- Page 708 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
708 
 
 
Tax Basis.  Based on BBVA and/or the Group’s determination set forth above, the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the 
Put Right will be zero, and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Deposit will be 100 per cent. of the issue price, 
increased by any accrued Yield on the Deposit previously included in income and decreased by the amount of any 
payment received on the Deposit. 
Expiration of the Put Right 
Receipt of Stated Principal Amount in Cash upon Settlement or Early Redemption of the Securities.  If a U.S. 
Holder receives the stated principal amount of a Security in cash (excluding cash attributable to coupon payments 
on the Securities, which will generally be taxed as described above under "—Coupon Payments on the 
Securities"), the Put Right will be deemed to have expired unexercised.  In that case, the U.S. Holder will not 
recognise any gain upon the return of the Deposit, but will recognise the total amount of Put Premium received 
by the U.S. Holder over the term of the Securities (including Put Premium received at maturity) as short-term 
capital gain at such time. 
Exercise of the Put Right 
Receipt of Cash Based on the Performance of the Reference Item Upon Maturity of the Securities.  If a U.S. Holder 
receives an amount of cash (excluding cash attributable to coupon payments on the Securities, which will generally 
be taxed as described above under "—Coupon Payments on the Securities") that is less than the stated principal 
amount of the Securities (such difference, the "Deficit"), the Put Right will be deemed to have been exercised and 
the U.S. Holder will be deemed to pay the Deficit to BBVA and/or the Group upon settlement of the Put Right.  
In that case, the U.S. Holder will recognise short-term capital gain or loss with respect to the Put Right in an 
amount equal to the difference between (i) the total Put Premium received by the holder over the term of the 
Securities (including Put Premium received at maturity) and (ii) the Deficit. 
Receipt of Underlying Shares Upon Maturity of the Securities.  If a U.S. Holder receives Underlying Shares (and 
cash in lieu of a fractional share), the Put Right will be deemed to have been exercised.  In that case, the U.S. 
Holder will generally not recognise any gain in respect of the Deposit.  In addition, the U.S. Holder will not 
recognise any income or gain in respect of the total Put Premium received (including Put Premium received at 
maturity) and will not recognise any gain or loss with respect to any Underlying Shares received.  The U.S. Holder 
will have an aggregate tax basis in the Underlying Shares received (including a fractional share) equal to the 
Deposit less the total Put Premium received over the term of the Securities.  A U.S. Holder's holding period for 
any Underlying Shares received will start on the day after receipt.  With respect to any cash received in lieu of a 
fractional share, a U.S. Holder will recognise short-term capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference 
between the amount of cash received in lieu of the fractional share and the pro rata portion of the U.S. Holder's 
aggregate adjusted tax basis in Underlying Shares that is allocable to the fractional share. U.S. Holders should 
consult the offering documents for the Underlying Shares for the U.S. federal income tax treatment of acquiring, 
owning and selling the Underlying Shares. 
Sale or Exchange of the Securities Prior to Maturity.  Upon the sale or exchange of the Securities, a U.S. Holder 
will generally recognise gain or loss with respect to the Deposit and the Put Right.  For the purpose of determining 
such gain or loss, a U.S. Holder should apportion the amount realised on the sale or exchange of the Securities 
between the Deposit and the Put Right based on their respective values on the date of such sale or exchange.  The 
amount of gain or loss on the Deposit will equal the amount realised that is attributable to the Deposit, less the 
U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in the Deposit.  Such gain will be treated as ordinary interest income to the extent 
of the amount of any accrued but unpaid Yield on the Deposit not previously included in income, and any 
remaining gain will be treated as short-term capital gain.  Loss on the Deposit will be treated as short-term capital 
loss.  The amount realised that is attributable to the Put Right, together with the total Put Premium received over 
the term of the Securities, will be treated as short-term capital gain. 
If the value of the Deposit on the date of the sale or exchange exceeds the amount realised, the U.S. Holder will 
be treated as having (i) sold or exchanged the Deposit for an amount equal to its value on that date and (ii) made 
a payment (the "Put Right Assumption Payment") to the purchaser of the Securities equal to the amount of the 
excess, in exchange for the purchaser's assumption of the U.S. Holder's rights and obligations under the Put Right.  
In that case, the U.S. Holder will recognise gain or loss in respect of the Put Right, as set forth in the previous 
paragraph, in an amount equal to the total Put Premium received over the term of the Securities, less the amount 
of the Put Right Assumption Payment deemed to be made by the U.S. Holder.

--- Page 709 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
709 
 
 
Stop-Loss Event.  Although the tax consequences of a Stop-Loss Event are uncertain, we intend to treat a Stop-
Loss Event as (i) the repayment by BBVA and/or the Group of the Deposit for a price equal to the Deposit plus 
the present value of the portion of the remaining scheduled payments on the Securities (from and including the 
date of acceleration) that is attributable to the Yield on the Deposit, (ii) the payment by BBVA and/or the Group 
of the remaining Put Premium equal to the present value of the portion of the remaining scheduled payments on 
the Securities (from and including the date of acceleration) that is attributable to the Put Premium, and (iii) the 
exercise of the Put Right, followed by settlement through the delivery by the U.S. Holder to BBVA and/or the 
Group of the Deposit in exchange for Underlying Shares, or, if the Issuer so elects, the cash value of the 
Underlying Shares.  We will also pay cash representing unpaid coupon payments on the Securities that accrued 
up to but excluding the date of acceleration. 
Any cash received with respect to accrued coupon payments on the Securities will be taxed as described above 
under "—Coupon Payments on the Securities." 
Assuming the characterisation of the Stop-Loss Event described above is respected, any amount received 
attributable to the unaccrued Put Premium should be treated as Put Premium received under the Put Right.  A U.S. 
Holder will, with respect to the amount paid by BBVA and/or the Group to repay the Deposit, generally recognise 
short-term capital gain equal to the difference between such amount and the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in 
the Deposit and ordinary income to the extent of the accrued Yield on the Deposit.  In the case of an initial investor, 
such difference would equal the present value of the portion of the remaining scheduled payments on the Securities 
attributable to the unaccrued Yield on the Deposit.  In general, other than gain recognised on the Deposit as 
described in the previous sentences, the tax treatment of BBVA and/or the Group’s exercise of the Put Right upon 
a Stop-Loss Event would be the same as described above under "—Exercise of the Put Right—Receipt of Cash 
Equal to the Value of Reference Item Upon Maturity of the Securities" or "—Exercise of the Put Right—Receipt 
of Underlying Shares Upon Maturity of the Securities," as the case may be. 
Securities with a Term of More Than One Year 
The following discussion describes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of ownership and disposition of 
a Security with a term of more than one year (taking into account the last possible date that the Securities could 
be outstanding under its terms). 
Coupon Payments on the Securities.  Under the characterisation described above under "—General, " only a 
portion of the coupon payments on the Securities will be attributable to the Yield on the Deposit.  The remainder 
of the coupon payments will represent payments attributable to the Put Premium.  The Put Premium will generally 
not be taxable to a U.S. Holder upon receipt, but instead will be accounted for as described below. 
To the extent attributable to the Yield on the Deposit, coupon payments on the Securities will generally be taxable 
to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time accrued or received, in accordance with the U.S. Holder's 
regular method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Tax Basis.  Based on BBVA and/or the Group’s determination set forth above, the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the 
Put Right will be zero, and the U.S. Holder's initial tax basis in the Deposit will be 100 per cent. of the issue price. 
Expiration of the Put Right 
Receipt of Stated Principal Amount in Cash upon Settlement or Early Redemption of the Securities.  If a U.S. 
Holder receives the stated principal amount of the Securities in cash (excluding cash attributable to coupon 
payments on the Securities, which would be taxed as described above under "—Coupon Payments on the 
Securities"), the Put Right will be deemed to have expired unexercised.  In that case, the U.S. Holder will generally 
not recognise any gain upon the return of the Deposit, but will recognise the total amount of Put Premium received 
by the U.S. Holder over the term of the Securities (including Put Premium received at maturity) as short-term 
capital gain at such time. 
Exercise of the Put Right 
Receipt of Cash Equal to the Value of Reference Item Upon Maturity of the Securities.  If a U.S. Holder receives 
an amount of cash (excluding cash attributable to coupon payments on the Securities, which would be taxed as 
described above under "—Coupon Payments on the Securities") that is less than the stated principal amount of 
the Securities (such difference, the "Deficit"), the Put Right will be deemed to have been exercised and the U.S.

--- Page 710 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
710 
 
 
Holder will be deemed to pay the Deficit to BBVA and/or the Group upon settlement of the Put Right.  In that 
case, the U.S. Holder will not recognise any gain in respect of the Deposit, but will recognise short-term capital 
gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between (i) the total Put Premium received by the holder over 
the term of the Securities (including Put Premium received at maturity) and (ii) the Deficit. 
Receipt of Underlying Shares Upon Maturity of the Securities.  If a U.S. Holder receives Underlying Shares (and 
cash in lieu of a fractional share), the Put Right will be deemed to have been exercised.  In that case, the U.S. 
Holder will not recognise any gain in respect of the Deposit.  In addition, the U.S. Holder will not recognise any 
income or gain in respect of the total Put Premium received (including Put Premium received at maturity) and 
will not recognise any gain or loss with respect to any Underlying Shares received.  The U.S. Holder will have an 
aggregate tax basis in the Underlying Shares received (including a fractional share) equal to the Deposit less the 
total Put Premium received over the term of the Securities.  A U.S. Holder's holding period for any Underlying 
Shares received will start on the day after receipt.  With respect to any cash received in lieu of a fractional share, 
a U.S. Holder will recognise short-term capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the 
amount of cash received in lieu of the fractional share and the pro rata portion of the U.S. Holder's aggregate 
adjusted tax basis in underlying shares that is allocable to the fractional share. U.S. Holders should consult the 
offering documents for the Underlying Shares for the U.S. federal income tax treatment of acquiring, owning and 
selling the Underlying Shares. 
Sale or Exchange of the Securities Prior to Maturity.  Upon the sale or exchange of the Securities, a U.S. Holder 
will generally recognise long-term capital gain or loss with respect to the Deposit if the U.S. Holder has held the 
Securities for more than one year at the time of such sale or exchange and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise.  
The U.S. Holder will also generally recognise short-term capital gain or loss with respect to the Put Right.  For 
the purpose of determining gain or loss, a U.S. Holder should apportion the amount realised on the sale or 
exchange of the Securities (excluding any amount attributable to accrued but unpaid Yield on the Deposit, which 
would be taxed as described above under "—Coupon Payments on the Securities") between the Deposit and the 
Put Right based on their respective values on the date of such sale or exchange.  The amount of capital gain or 
loss on the Deposit will equal the amount realised that is attributable to the Deposit, less the U.S. Holder's adjusted 
tax basis in the Deposit.  The amount realised that is attributable to the Put Right, together with the total Put 
Premium received by the U.S. Holder over the term of the Securities, will be treated as short-term capital gain. 
If the value of the Deposit on the date of the sale or exchange exceeds the total amount realised, the U.S. Holder 
will be treated as having (i) sold or exchanged the Deposit for an amount equal to its value on that date and (ii) 
made a payment (the "Put Right Assumption Payment") to the purchaser of the Securities equal to the amount 
of such excess, in exchange for the purchaser's assumption of the U.S. Holder's rights and obligations under the 
Put Right.  In that case, the U.S. Holder will recognise short-term capital gain or loss in respect of the Put Right 
in an amount equal to the total Put Premium received by the U.S. Holder over the term of the Securities, less the 
amount of the Put Right Assumption Payment deemed to be made by the U.S. Holder. 
Stop-Loss Event.  Although the tax consequences of a Stop-Loss Event are uncertain, we intend to treat a Stop-
Loss Event as (i) the repayment by BBVA and/or the Group of the Deposit for a price equal to the Deposit plus 
the present value of the portion of the remaining scheduled payments on the Securities (from and including the 
date of acceleration) that is attributable to the Yield on the Deposit, (ii) the payment by BBVA and/or the Group 
of the remaining Put Premium equal to the present value of the portion of the remaining scheduled payments on 
the Securities (from and including the date of acceleration) that is attributable to the Put Premium, and (iii) the 
exercise of the Put Right, followed by settlement through the delivery by the U.S. Holder to BBVA and/or the 
Group of the Deposit in exchange for Underlying Shares, or, if the relevant Issuer so elects, the cash value of the 
Underlying Shares.  We will also pay cash representing unpaid coupon payments on the Securities that accrued 
up to but excluding the date of acceleration. 
Any cash received with respect to accrued coupon payments on the Securities will be taxed as described above 
under "—Coupon Payments on the Securities." 
Assuming the characterisation of the Stop-Loss Event described above is respected, any amount received 
attributable to the unaccrued Put Premium will be treated as Put Premium received under the Put Right.  A U.S. 
Holder would, with respect to the amount paid by BBVA and/or the Group to repay the Deposit, generally 
recognise capital gain or loss equal to the difference between such amount and the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis 
in the Deposit.  In the case of an initial investor, such difference would equal the present value of the portion of 
the remaining scheduled payments on the Securities attributable to the unaccrued Yield on the Deposit.  In general, 
other than gain recognised on the Deposit as described in the previous sentences, the tax treatment of BBVA

--- Page 711 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
711 
 
 
and/or the Group exercise of the Put Right upon a Stop-Loss Event would be the same as described above under 
"—Exercise of the Put Right—Receipt of Cash Equal to the Value of Reference Item Upon Maturity of the 
Securities" or "—Exercise of the Put Right—Receipt of Underlying Shares Upon Maturity of the Securities," as 
the case may be. 
Other Tax Considerations Pertaining to Securities 
The following discussion describes certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition 
of a Security, regardless of the length of the term of the Security. 
Possible Taxable Events 
In the event of a change in the methodology by which a Reference Item to which a Security relates is calculated, 
a change in the components of such a Reference Item, the discontinuance of such a Reference Item, the designation 
of a successor to such a Reference Item or other similar circumstances resulting in a material change to such a 
Reference Item, it is possible that a Security could be treated, in whole or in part, as terminated and reissued for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. Similar consequences could apply if the relevant Issuer is replaced and 
substituted by another entity as the principal debtor under the Securities. In the event of a deemed retirement, a 
U.S. Holder might be required to recognise gain or loss (subject to the possible application of the wash sale rules) 
with respect to the Security. Moreover, the tax treatment of the Security after the deemed reissuance could be 
materially adversely affected. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the risk of such an event. 
Possible Application of Section 988 of the Code 
General. The following discussion describes certain special rules applicable to a U.S. Holder of Securities that 
are treated as a Put Right plus a Deposit and for which the Reference Item includes one or more currencies (other 
than the U.S. dollar). 
Sale, Exchange or Retirement. Because the return on the Security is "determined by reference to the value" of one 
or more foreign currencies, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, we intend to treat the Security 
as subject to Section 988 of the Code.  In that case, any gain or loss recognised on the Security generally will be 
ordinary income or loss unless an election under Section 988(a)(1)(B) of the Code to treat such gain or loss as 
capital gain or loss (the "Section 988 election") is available and the U.S. Holder makes such election before the 
close of the day on which the U.S. Holder purchases the Security. While a taxpayer may make a Section 988 
election to treat gain or loss on certain forward contracts, futures contracts or option contracts linked to one or 
more foreign currencies as capital gain or loss, it is unclear whether a Section 988 election is available for the 
Security.  In addition, any such election, if available, would not apply to the Deposit portion of the Security.  
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, due to the lack of governing authority, our counsel 
expects to be unable to opine as to whether the Section 988 election is available for the Security.  U.S. Holders 
should consult their tax advisers about the potential application of Section 988 of the Code and the Section 988 
election to the Security.  In addition, a U.S. Holder might be subject to special reporting requirements that apply 
to foreign currency losses that exceed certain thresholds. 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatments of an Investment in the Securities 
Due to the absence of authorities that directly address the proper tax treatment of the Security, no assurance can 
be given that the IRS will accept, or that a court will uphold, the treatment described above.  The IRS could, for 
instance, seek to treat the entire Security as a debt instrument.  The risk that financial instruments providing for 
downside protection features would be recharacterised for U.S. federal income tax purposes as debt instruments 
giving rise to ordinary income and possible accrual of income prior to maturity or disposition of the Security, 
rather than as a Put Right plus a Deposit, is greater than the risk of recharacterisation for comparable financial 
instruments that do not have such features.  If the entire Security were recharacterised as a debt instrument, the 
federal income tax consequences to the U.S. Holder would depend on the terms of the Security and could be 
materially adverse to the U.S. Holder.  For a description of the tax treatment of Securities that are treated as debt 
instruments, see the discussion under "—Securities Treated as Indebtedness for U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Purposes" above. 
Even if debt treatment does not apply to the entire Security, other alternative U.S. federal income tax treatments 
of the Security are possible, which, if applied, could significantly affect the timing and character of the income or 
loss with respect to the Security.  In 2007, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released a notice requesting

--- Page 712 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
712 
 
 
comments on the U.S. federal income tax treatment of "prepaid forward contracts" and similar instruments.  The 
notice focuses in particular on whether to require holders of these instruments to accrue income over the term of 
their investment.  It also asks for comments on a number of related topics, including the character of income or 
loss with respect to these instruments; whether short-term instruments should be subject to any such accrual 
regime; the relevance of factors such as the exchange-traded status of the instruments and the nature of the 
underlying property to which the instruments are linked; and whether these instruments are or should be subject 
to the "constructive ownership" rule (as discussed above under "—Possible Application of Section 1260 of the 
Code").  While the notice requests comments on appropriate transition rules and effective dates, any Treasury 
regulations or other guidance promulgated after consideration of these issues could materially and adversely affect 
the tax consequences of an investment in the Security, possibly with retroactive effect. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding all aspects of the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of an investment in the Security, including the possible implications of the IRS notice. 
Payments in a Currency Other Than U.S. Dollars 
General.  Subject to the discussion above under "—Securities Treated as Indebtedness for U.S. Federal Income 
Tax Purposes—Foreign Currency Securities," the following discussion describes certain special rules applicable 
to a U.S. Holder of Securities if the holder acquires a Security with a currency other than the U.S. dollar or receives 
a payment on a Security or proceeds of a sale of a Security in a currency other than the U.S. dollar. 
Payments in a Currency Other Than U.S. Dollars.  Subject to the discussions below under "—Payments of 
Contingent Coupons to Accrual Method Taxpayers" and "—Payments of Coupons on Deposit Portion of 
Securities Treated as Put Rights Plus a Deposit," a U.S. Holder who receives a payment in a foreign currency 
with respect to a Security generally should determine the amount received based on the U.S. dollar value of the 
foreign currency payment regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted to U.S. dollars at that time, and 
this U.S. dollar value will be the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the foreign currency. Any gain or loss realised by a 
U.S. Holder on a subsequent sale or other disposition of the foreign currency received will be ordinary income or 
loss. 
Payments of Contingent Coupons to Accrual Method Taxpayers. While there are no clear authorities to address 
how a U.S. Holder that uses the accrual method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes should account 
for contingent coupons paid in a foreign currency with respect to a Security, we believe that it is reasonable for 
such a holder to determine the U.S. dollar value of the amount of the coupon payment that has accrued and is 
otherwise required to be taken into account with respect to a Security during an accrual period by translating the 
coupon at an average rate of exchange for the accrual period or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two 
taxable years, at the average rate for the partial period within the taxable year. 
In addition to the coupons accrued as described above, the U.S. Holder will recognise foreign currency gain or 
loss as ordinary income or loss (which will not be treated as interest income or expense) with respect to accrued 
coupon payments on the date the coupon payment or proceeds from the sale, exchange or other disposition 
(including retirement) attributable to an accrued coupon are actually received.  The amount of ordinary income or 
loss recognised will equal the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency payment received 
(determined based on a spot rate on the date the payment is received) in respect of the accrual period (or, where a 
holder receives U.S. dollars, the amount of the payment in respect of the accrual period) and the U.S. dollar value 
of the coupon payment that has accrued during the accrual period (as determined above). 
Payments of Coupons on Deposit Portion of Securities Treated as Put Rights Plus a Deposit. A coupon that is 
paid to a U.S. Holder in a foreign currency with respect to the Deposit portion of a Security that is treated as a Put 
Right plus a Deposit will be treated as an interest payment described under "—Securities Treated as Indebtedness 
for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes—Foreign Currency Securities." 
General Considerations for U.S. Holders 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
Backup withholding may apply in respect of payments on the Securities and the payment of proceeds from a sale 
or other disposition of the Securities, unless a U.S. Holder provides proof of an applicable exemption or a correct 
taxpayer identification number and otherwise complies with applicable requirements of the backup withholding 
rules.  The amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not an additional tax and may be refunded

--- Page 713 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
713 
 
 
or credited against the U.S. Holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, provided that the required information is 
timely furnished to the IRS.  In addition, information returns may be filed with the IRS in connection with 
payments on the Securities and the payment of proceeds from a sale or other disposition of the Securities unless 
the U.S. Holder provides proof of an applicable exemption from the information reporting rules. 
Disclosure Requirements 
Applicable Treasury regulations require taxpayers that participate in certain "reportable transactions" to disclose 
their participation to the IRS by attaching Form 8886 to their tax returns and to retain a copy of all documents and 
records related to the transaction.  In addition, organisers and sellers of such transactions are required to maintain 
records, including lists identifying investors in the transaction, and must furnish those records to the IRS upon 
demand.  A transaction may be a "reportable transaction" based on any of several criteria.  Whether an investment 
in a Security constitutes a "reportable transaction" for any holder depends on the holder's particular circumstances. 
In particular, for example, certain transactions in which a U.S. Holder realizes a foreign currency loss in excess 
of certain thresholds can be a "reportable transaction." Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning any 
possible disclosure obligation that they may have with respect to their investment in the Securities and should be 
aware that the relevant Issuer (or other participants in the transaction) may determine that the disclosure or investor 
list maintenance requirement applies to the transaction and comply accordingly with these requirements. 
 Individual U.S. Holders (and certain entities) that own "specified foreign financial assets," including financial 
instruments issued by non-U.S. issuers, or non-U.S. financial accounts through which they may be held, may be 
required to file an information report with respect to such assets with their tax returns. You should consult your 
tax adviser regarding the application of these rules to your ownership of the Securities. 
TAX CONSEQUENCES TO NON-U.S. HOLDERS 
This section applies to you only if you are a Non-U.S. Holder.  As used herein, the term "Non-U.S. Holder" 
means a beneficial owner of a security that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
• 
an individual who is classified as a nonresident alien; 
• 
a foreign corporation; or 
• 
a foreign estate or trust. 
The term "Non-U.S. Holder" does not include any of the following holders: 
• 
a holder who is an individual present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of 
disposition and who is not otherwise a resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
• 
certain former citizens or residents of the United States; 
• 
a holder for whom income or gain in respect of the Securities is effectively connected with the conduct 
of a trade or business in the United States; or 
• 
a holder who holds or invests in a Security through a U.S. financial institution or intermediary, or through 
a financial institution or intermediary that is related to a U.S. financial institution or intermediary. 
Such holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an 
investment in the Securities.  In addition, non-U.S. Holders that hold Securities through U.S. or certain U.S.-
related intermediaries should consult their tax advisers regarding any certification requirements that may need to 
be complied with to avoid U.S. backup withholding. 
General 
Subject to the discussions below under "—Possible Application of Section 871(m) of the Code" and "—FATCA," 
and the discussion above concerning Section 897, the Issuers expect to treat payments on the Securities, and any 
gain realised on a disposition of a Security (including at maturity or early settlement), as exempt from U.S. federal 
income tax (including withholding tax).

--- Page 714 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
714 
 
 
Possible Application of Section 871(m) of the Code 
Section 871(m) of the Code and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder ("Section 871(m)") impose a 
withholding tax of 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate applicable to dividends) on certain "dividend equivalents" 
paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. Holders with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or 
indices that include U.S. equities.  Subject to the discussion below concerning Securities issued before January 1, 
2025, a Security linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities (a "U.S. equity linked Security") 
will generally be subject to the Section 871(m) withholding regime if at issuance it (i) has a "delta" of 0.80 or 
higher with respect to the underlying U.S. equity or (ii) substantially replicates the economic performance of the 
underlying U.S. equity, as determined by a "substantial equivalence" test that, among other factors, takes into 
account the initial number of shares of the underlying U.S. equity needed to hedge the transaction fully.  The tests 
described above are set forth in the regulations, and the applicable test will depend on the terms of the relevant 
U.S. equity linked Security. Under these rules, withholding may apply even where the relevant U.S. equity linked 
Security does not provide for any payment that is explicitly linked to a dividend.  The regulations provide for 
certain exceptions to the withholding requirements, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based 
indices (a "qualified index") that meet standards set forth in the regulations, as well as certain securities that track 
a qualified index. 
Pursuant to an IRS notice, Section 871(m) will not apply to Securities issued before January 1, 2025 that do not 
have a "delta" of one with respect to any U.S. equity. If the terms of a U.S. equity linked Security are significantly 
modified (including in the event the relevant Issuer is replaced and substituted by another entity as the principal 
debtor under the Security) and if such modification or substitution results in a deemed exchange of the Security 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the U.S. equity linked Security will generally be treated as reissued at the 
time of the significant modification. Under Treasury regulations, certain "benchmark" rate replacements would 
not give rise to deemed exchanges for U.S. federal income tax purposes, provided that certain conditions set forth 
in the regulations are met. 
The calculations of "delta" are generally made at the "calculation date," which is the earlier of (i) the time of 
pricing of the Security, i.e., when all material terms have been agreed on, and (ii) the issuance of the Security. 
However, if the time of pricing is more than 14 calendar days before the issuance of the Security, the calculation 
date is the date of the issuance of the Security. In those circumstances, information regarding the Issuer's final 
determinations for purposes of Section 871(m) may be available only after the issuance of the Security. As a 
result, a Non-U.S. Holder should acquire such a Security only if it is willing to accept the risk that the Security is 
treated as subject to withholding. 
The amount of a "dividend equivalent" is equal to, for a "simple" contract, the product of (a) the per-share dividend 
amount, (b) the number of shares of the underlying U.S. equity referenced in the U.S. equity linked Security and 
(c) the delta, and, for a "complex" contract, the product of (a) the per-share dividend amount and (b) the initial 
hedge. 
The dividend equivalent amount will be determined on the earlier of (a) the record date of the dividend and (b) 
the day prior to the ex-dividend date.  The dividend equivalent amount will include the amount of any actual or, 
under certain circumstances, estimated dividend.  If a Security is subject to withholding in respect of dividend 
equivalents, withholding will, depending on the applicable withholding agents' circumstances, generally be 
required either (i) on the underlying dividend payment date or (ii) when cash payments are made on the relevant 
U.S. equity linked Security or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition thereof by the Non-U.S. Holder. 
The relevant Issuer will determine whether a U.S. equity linked Security is subject to withholding under 
Section 871(m).  If the Issuer has determined, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that a U.S. equity 
linked Security should be subject to withholding under Section 871(m), the relevant Issuer shall instruct or 
be deemed to instruct its agents and withholding agents that withholding is required, unless such agent or 
withholding agent knows or has reason to know otherwise. Where payments on coupon-bearing Securities 
are subject to withholding under Section 871(m), it is possible that dividend equivalent payments on the 
Securities will exceed the coupons paid. Under such circumstances, a Non-U.S. holder of the Securities may 
be subject to additional U.S. withholding tax at a 30 per cent. rate on the difference between the dividend 
equivalent payments and the coupons. In addition, it is possible that the relevant Issuer (or the applicable 
withholding agent) may determine that treaty benefits that may otherwise be applicable to coupons may 
not apply to withholding tax on dividend equivalent payments. It is also possible that a withholding agent 
will withhold under Section 871(m) with respect to the Securities, notwithstanding the withholding tax 
imposed on any coupon amounts, in which case the application of Section 871(m) to the Securities could

--- Page 715 ---
TAXATION 
 
 
715 
 
 
significantly increase a Non-U.S. holder's tax liability in respect of the Securities. The relevant Issuer (or 
the applicable withholding agent) is entitled to withhold taxes on any payments treated as dividend 
equivalents without being required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. If 
withholding is required, the relevant Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect 
to the amounts so withheld. 
The relevant Issuer's determination is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS may disagree with this determination.  
Section 871(m) is complex and its application may depend on the Non-U.S. Holder's particular circumstances.  
For example, the application of Section 871(m) may be affected if a Non-U.S. Holder enters into another 
transaction in connection with the acquisition of a U.S. equity linked Security.  Accordingly, Non-U.S. Holders 
should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) to the Securities in their 
particular circumstances. 
FATCA 
Legislation commonly referred to as "FATCA" generally imposes a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on payments 
to certain non-U.S. entities (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain financial instruments, unless 
various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements have been satisfied. An intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States and the non-U.S. entity's jurisdiction may modify these requirements. 
FATCA generally applies to certain financial instruments that are treated as paying U.S.-source interest or 
dividends or other U.S.-source "fixed or determinable annual or periodical" income ("FDAP Income"). 
Withholding (if applicable) applies to any payment of amounts treated as U.S.-source interest or dividend 
equivalents (as discussed above under "—Possible Application of Section 871(m) of the Code") on the Securities. 
The FATCA legislation imposes withholding also on any payment of gross proceeds of the disposition (including 
upon retirement) of Securities treated as providing for U.S.-source interest or dividends. However, under proposed 
regulations (the preamble to which specifies that taxpayers are permitted to rely on them pending finalisation) no 
withholding will apply to payments of gross proceeds (other than amounts treated as FDAP Income). Although, 
under current law, withholding under FATCA does not apply to payments of non-U.S. source income, such 
withholding could apply in the future with respect to certain payments attributable to U.S.-source income 
("foreign passthru payments").  Securities that pay only foreign passthru payments that are not treated as equity 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes and have a stated expiration date are generally grandfathered from FATCA 
withholding if issued prior to the date that is six months after final Treasury regulations that define the term 
"foreign passthru payments" are published.  However, such Securities may become subject to FATCA withholding 
if they are significantly modified after the grandfathering date (including in the event the relevant Issuer is replaced 
and substituted by another entity as the principal debtor under the Security) if such modification or substitution 
results in a deemed exchange of the Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under Treasury regulations, 
certain "benchmark" rate replacements would not give rise to deemed exchanges for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, provided that certain conditions set forth in the regulations are met. If withholding under current or 
future law applies to the Securities, the relevant Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with 
respect to amounts withheld under FATCA. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers regarding the 
potential application of FATCA to the Securities.

--- Page 716 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
716 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealer(s) have, in a programme agreement (as further modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated June 20, 2024 agreed with the Issuer and the Guarantor a basis 
upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Securities. Any such agreement will 
extend to those matters stated under "Form of Securities" and "Terms and Conditions of the Securities". In the 
Programme Agreement, the Issuer (and, failing which, the Guarantor) have agreed to reimburse the Dealer(s) for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the 
issue of Securities under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealer(s) against certain liabilities incurred by them 
in connection therewith. 
The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. 
In order to facilitate the offering of any Tranche of the Securities, certain persons participating in the offering of 
the Tranche may engage in transactions that stabilise, maintain or otherwise affect the market price of the relevant 
Securities during and after the offering of the Tranche. Specifically such persons may over-allot or create a short 
position in the Securities for their own account by selling more Securities than have been sold to them by the 
Issuer. Such persons may also elect to cover any such short position by purchasing Securities in the open market. 
In addition, such persons may stabilise or maintain the price of the Securities by bidding for or purchasing 
Securities in the open market and may impose penalty bids, under which selling concessions allowed to syndicate 
members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering of the Securities are reclaimed if Securities 
previously distributed in the offering are repurchased in connection with stabilisation transactions or otherwise. 
The effect of these transactions may be to stabilise or maintain the market price of the Securities at a level above 
that which might otherwise prevail for a limited period after the Issue Date. The imposition of a penalty bid may 
also affect the price of the Securities to the extent that it discourages resales thereof. No representation is made as 
to the magnitude or effect of any such stabilisation or other transactions. Such transactions, if commenced, may 
be discontinued at any time and must be brought to an end after a limited period. Under UK laws and regulations 
stabilisation activities may only be carried on by the Stabilisation Manager named in the Issue Terms (or persons 
acting on its behalf) and may only continue for a limited period following the Issue Date (or, if the ending day 
would be earlier, 60 days after the date of allotment) of the relevant Tranche of Securities. 
Conflicts of Interest 
BBVA Securities Inc. is an affiliate of BBVA Global Securities B.V. and the Guarantor and, as such, will have a 
"conflict of interest" in any offering of 3(a)(2) Notes in which it participates, as either principal or agent, within 
the meaning of Rule 5121 of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") (or any successor rule 
thereto) ("Rule 5121"). Consequently, any such offering will be conducted in compliance with the provisions of 
Rule 5121. BBVA Securities Inc. is not permitted to sell Notes in any such offering to an account over which it 
exercises discretionary authority without the prior specific written approval of the account holder. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V. in the 
United States are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other 
transfer of such Securities 
Each person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Security will be deemed to have acknowledged, 
represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S 
are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that (i) it is a QIB who is also a QP, purchasing (or holding) the Securities for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs who are also QPs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance 
on Rule 144A, or (ii) it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that the Securities are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Securities have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. state securities laws and may not be

--- Page 717 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
717 
 
 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set 
forth below; 
(c) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Security and either is a person located outside 
the United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
the Securities or any beneficial interests in the Securities, it will do so, prior to the date which is one year 
after the later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of 
the Issuer was the owner of such Securities, only (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) inside the 
United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB who is also a QP purchasing for 
its own account or for the account of a QIB who is also a QP in a transaction meeting the requirements 
of Rule 144A, (iii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities 
Act, (iv) pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if 
available) or (v) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in 
accordance with all applicable U.S. state securities laws; 
(d) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Securities from it of 
the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (c) above, if then applicable; 
(e) 
that Securities initially offered in the United States to QIBs who are also QPs will be represented by one 
or more Rule 144A Global Securities, that Securities offered to Institutional Accredited Investors who 
are also QPs will be in the form of Definitive IAI Registered Securities and that Securities offered outside 
the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global 
Securities; 
(f) 
that the Securities, other than the Regulation S Global Securities, will bear a legend to the following 
effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND THE 
ISSUER HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN "INVESTMENT COMPANY" 
UNDER THE U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "1940 ACT"). 
NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE 
REOFFERED, 
SOLD, 
ASSIGNED, 
TRANSFERRED, 
PLEDGED, 
ENCUMBERED 
OR 
OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS REGISTERED PURSUANT TO 
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, OR IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER 
CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH DO NOT REQUIRE THE ISSUER TO REGISTER UNDER THE 1940 
ACT. 
BY PURCHASING THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY, EACH HOLDER OF ANY 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED FOR THE 
BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER AND FOR ANY AGENT OR SELLER WITH RESPECT TO THE 
SECURITIES THAT IT (I)(A) IS AN "ELIGIBLE INVESTOR" (AS DEFINED BELOW), (B) WILL 
HOLD AT LEAST THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION OF U.S.$250,000, (C) WILL PROVIDE 
NOTICE OF APPLICABLE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS TO ANY SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE, 
INCLUDING DELIVERING TO EACH TRANSFEREE A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE 
EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND, (D) IS PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNTS OF ONE OR MORE OTHER PERSONS EACH OF WHOM MEETS ALL OF THE 
PRECEDING REQUIREMENTS AND (E) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT REOFFER, RESELL, 
PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN TO ANY PERSON EXCEPT TO A PERSON THAT MEETS ALL OF THE PRECEDING 
REQUIREMENTS AND AGREES NOT TO SUBSEQUENTLY TRANSFER THE SECURITIES OR 
ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS CLAUSE (E) 
OR (II) IS NOT A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THE SECURITIES PURSUANT TO RULE 
903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S. IN THE EVENT OF ANY TRANSFER PURSUANT TO THE 
PRECEDING CLAUSE (II), (1) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO HAVE THE 
SECURITIES SO TRANSFERRED TO BE REPRESENTED BY AN INTEREST IN THE 
REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY (AS DEFINED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS); (2) THE 
TRANSFEROR WILL BE REQUIRED TO DELIVER A TRANSFER CERTIFICATE (THE FORM 
OF WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND IS AVAILABLE FROM THE

--- Page 718 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
718 
 
 
TRANSFER AGENT), AND (3) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO CERTIFY AS TO 
ITS STATUS AS A NON-U.S. PERSON. ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS 
SECURITY MADE OTHER THAN IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS 
SHALL NOT BE RECOGNISED BY THE ISSUER, THE REGISTRAR OR ANY OTHER AGENT 
OF THE ISSUER. 
"ELIGIBLE INVESTORS" ARE DEFINED FOR THE PURPOSES HEREOF AS PERSONS WHO 
ARE "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS" AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT ("QIBS") THAT ARE ALSO "QUALIFIED PURCHASERS" AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 2(A)(51)(A) OF THE 1940 ACT ("QPS"), ACTING FOR THEIR OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHER QIBS WHO ARE ALSO QPS, OR PERSONS WHO ARE 
INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND QPS, BUT EXCLUDING THEREFROM: (I) 
QIBS THAT ARE BROKER DEALERS THAT OWN AND INVEST ON A DISCRETIONARY 
BASIS LESS THAN U.S.$25 MILLION IN "SECURITIES" AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER 
RULE 144A, (II) A PARTNERSHIP, COMMON TRUST FUND, SPECIAL TRUST, PENSION 
FUND, RETIREMENT PLAN OR OTHER ENTITY IN WHICH THE PARTNERS, BENEFICIARIES 
OR PARTICIPANTS, AS THE CASE MAY BE, MAY DESIGNATE THE PARTICULAR 
INVESTMENTS TO BE MADE OR THE ALLOCATION THEREOF, (III) AN ENTITY THAT WAS 
FORMED, REFORMED OR RECAPITALISED FOR THE SPECIFIC PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN 
THE SECURITIES, (IV) ANY INVESTMENT COMPANY EXCEPTED FROM THE 1940 ACT 
SOLELY PURSUANT TO SECTION 3(C)(1) OR SECTION 3(C)(7) THEREOF AND FORMED 
PRIOR TO APRIL 30, 1996, THAT HAS NOT RECEIVED THE CONSENT OF ITS BENEFICIAL 
OWNERS WITH RESPECT TO THE TREATMENT OF SUCH ENTITY AS A QUALIFIED 
PURCHASER IN THE MANNER REQUIRED BY SECTION 2(A)(51)(C) OF THE 1940 ACT AND 
RULES AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER AND (V) ANY ENTITY THAT WILL HAVE 
INVESTED MORE THAN 40 PER CENT. OF ITS ASSETS IN SECURITIES OF THE ISSUER 
SUBSEQUENT TO ANY PURCHASE OF THE SECURITIES. 
THE PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER OR ANY DEALER RESERVE THE 
RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SALE OR OTHER TRANSFER TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH 
CERTIFICATIONS, LEGAL OPINIONS AND OTHER INFORMATION AS THE ISSUER OR ANY 
DEALER MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE PROPOSED SALE OR 
OTHER TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS. EACH HOLDER OF 
A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IN THE 
EVENT THAT AT ANY TIME THE ISSUER DETERMINES OR IS NOTIFIED BY THE DEALER(S) 
THAT SUCH PURCHASER WAS IN BREACH, AT THE TIME GIVEN OR DEEMED TO BE 
GIVEN, OF ANY OF THE REPRESENTATIONS OR AGREEMENTS SET FORTH IN THIS 
LEGEND OR OTHERWISE DETERMINES THAT ANY TRANSFER OR OTHER DISPOSITION 
OF ANY SECURITIES WOULD, IN THE SOLE DETERMINATION OF THE ISSUER, REQUIRE 
THE ISSUER TO REGISTER AS AN "INVESTMENT COMPANY" UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF 
THE 1940 ACT, SUCH PURCHASE OR OTHER TRANSFER WILL BE VOID AB INITIO AND 
WILL NOT BE HONORED BY THE REGISTRAR. ACCORDINGLY, ANY SUCH PURPORTED 
TRANSFEREE OR OTHER HOLDER WILL NOT BE ENTITLED TO ANY RIGHTS AS A 
SECURITYHOLDER AND THE ISSUER SHALL HAVE THE RIGHT, IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
THE CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES, TO FORCE THE TRANSFER OF OR REDEMPTION 
OF ANY SUCH SECURITIES. 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLERS OF THE 
SECURITIES MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 
5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A. TERMS WHICH ARE USED IN THIS 
LEGEND WHICH ARE DEFINED IN RULE 144A HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM 
UNDER SUCH RULE. 
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE PURCHASED OR HELD 
BY (A) ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA")), (B) 
ANY PLAN SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, 
AS AMENDED OR (C) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS 
BY REASON OF A PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY (WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE

--- Page 719 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
719 
 
 
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATIONS SECTION 2510.3-101 AS MODIFIED BY 
SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA). 
THE SECURITIES AND THE GUARANTEE THEREOF AND ANY ENTITLEMENT(S) DO NOT 
CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A 
COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. 
COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED (THE "CEA"), AND TRADING IN THE 
SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING 
COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE CEA. THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION 
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) 
MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT 
OF, BUT UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR 
REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR 
RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN 
APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN 
PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE 
OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT 
(EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND 
ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE 
OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE 
HEREON)."; 
(g) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the 
Securities prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the later 
of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance of the 
Securities), it will do so only (i) (A) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under 
the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB who is also a QP in compliance with Rule 144A and (ii) in accordance 
with all applicable U.S. state securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Securities 
will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND THE 
ISSUER HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN "INVESTMENT COMPANY" 
UNDER THE U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "1940 ACT"). 
NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE 
REOFFERED, 
SOLD, 
ASSIGNED, 
TRANSFERRED, 
PLEDGED, 
ENCUMBERED 
OR 
OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS REGISTERED PURSUANT TO 
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT, OR IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER 
CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH DO NOT REQUIRE THE ISSUER TO REGISTER UNDER THE 1940 
ACT. 
EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE FOR 
THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT, IF IT SHOULD DECIDE TO DISPOSE OF THE 
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY PRIOR TO THE 
EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION, 
BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY MAY BE OFFERED, 
RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND UNDER CIRCUMSTANCES WHICH WILL NOT REQUIRE THE ISSUER TO 
REGISTER AS AN "INVESTMENT COMPANY" UNDER THE 1940 ACT. ACCORDINGLY, ANY 
TRANSFERS OF THE SECURITIES PRIOR TO THE TERMINATION OF THE DISTRIBUTION 
COMPLIANCE PERIOD MAY ONLY BE MADE: (A) TO A NON-U.S. PERSON IN A 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (B) TO OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. 
PERSON IN A TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO RULE 144A OR REGULATION D UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT TO PERSONS WHO QUALIFY AS "ELIGIBLE INVESTORS" (AS DEFINED 
BELOW). IN THE CASE OF ANY SUCH TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSE (B), (1) THE 
TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO HAVE THE SECURITIES SO TRANSFERRED TO BE 
REPRESENTED BY AN INTEREST IN A RULE 144A GLOBAL SECURITY OR A DEFINITIVE

--- Page 720 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
720 
 
 
IAI REGISTERED SECURITY (AS DEFINED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS); (2) THE 
TRANSFEROR WILL BE REQUIRED TO DELIVER A TRANSFER CERTIFICATE (THE FORM 
OF WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND IS AVAILABLE FROM THE 
TRANSFER AGENT), AND (3) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO EXECUTE AN 
INVESTMENT LETTER (THE FORM OF WHICH IS ALSO ATTACHED TO THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT) CERTIFYING, AMONG OTHER THINGS, ITS STATUS AS AN ELIGIBLE 
INVESTOR. 
"ELIGIBLE INVESTORS" ARE DEFINED FOR THE PURPOSES HEREOF AS PERSONS WHO 
ARE "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS" AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT ("QIBS") THAT ARE ALSO "QUALIFIED PURCHASERS" AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 2(A)(51)(A) OF THE 1940 ACT ("QPS"), ACTING FOR THEIR OWN ACCOUNT OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHER QIBS WHO ARE ALSO QPS, OR PERSONS WHO ARE 
INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND QPS, BUT EXCLUDING THEREFROM: (I) 
QIBS THAT ARE BROKER DEALERS THAT OWN AND INVEST ON A DISCRETIONARY 
BASIS LESS THAN U.S.$25 MILLION IN "SECURITIES" AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER 
RULE 144A, (II) A PARTNERSHIP, COMMON TRUST FUND, SPECIAL TRUST, PENSION 
FUND, RETIREMENT PLAN OR OTHER ENTITY IN WHICH THE PARTNERS, BENEFICIARIES 
OR PARTICIPANTS, AS THE CASE MAY BE, MAY DESIGNATE THE PARTICULAR 
INVESTMENTS TO BE MADE OR THE ALLOCATION THEREOF, (III) AN ENTITY THAT WAS 
FORMED, REFORMED OR RECAPITALISED FOR THE SPECIFIC PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN 
THE SECURITIES, (IV) ANY INVESTMENT COMPANY EXCEPTED FROM THE 1940 ACT 
SOLELY PURSUANT TO SECTION 3(c)(1) OR SECTION 3(c)(7) THEREOF AND FORMED 
PRIOR TO APRIL 30, 1996, THAT HAS NOT RECEIVED THE CONSENT OF ITS BENEFICIAL 
OWNERS WITH RESPECT TO THE TREATMENT OF SUCH ENTITY AS A QUALIFIED 
PURCHASER IN THE MANNER REQUIRED BY SECTION 2(a)(51)(c) OF THE 1940 ACT AND 
RULES AND REGULATIONS THEREUNDER AND (V) ANY ENTITY THAT WILL HAVE 
INVESTED MORE THAN 40 PER CENT. OF ITS ASSETS IN SECURITIES OF THE ISSUER 
SUBSEQUENT TO ANY PURCHASE OF THE SECURITIES. 
EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER 
MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF ALL PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN ITS SECURITIES 
FROM ONE OR MORE BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITARIES AND THAT THE PARTICIPANTS MAY 
FURTHER DISCLOSE TO THE ISSUER THE NAMES AND POSITIONS OF HOLDERS OF ITS 
SECURITIES. 
THE SECURITIES AND THE GUARANTEE THEREOF AND ANY ENTITLEMENT(S) DO NOT 
CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, A CONTRACT OF SALE OF A 
COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. 
COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED (THE "CEA"), AND TRADING IN THE 
SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING 
COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE CEA"; and 
(h) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring 
any Securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, each Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP 
who purchases Registered Securities in definitive form offered and sold in the United States in reliance upon the 
exemption from registration provided by Regulation D of the Securities Act is required to execute and deliver to 
the Registrar an Investment Letter. Upon execution and delivery of an Investment Letter by an Institutional 
Accredited Investor who is also a QP, Securities will be issued in definitive registered form, see "Form of 
Securities". Each QIB who is also a QP who purchases Rule 144A Global Securities offered and sold in the United 
States in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Rule 144A of the Securities Act is required 
to execute and deliver to the Registrar an Investment Letter.

--- Page 721 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
721 
 
 
The Investment Letter referred to above shall include the following representations and agreements (undefined 
terms used in this section that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
Purchaser Requirements. Securities may be offered in the United States to a purchaser who: (i) is an 
Eligible Investor (as defined below), (ii) will hold at least the minimum denomination of US$250,000, 
(iii) will provide notice of applicable transfer restrictions to any subsequent transferee (and each 
subsequent transferee will be deemed to have made the same representations and agreements contained 
in clauses (i) through (v) of this paragraph), (iv) understands that the issuer may receive a list of all 
participants holding positions in its Securities from one or more book-entry depositaries and that the 
participants may further disclose to the issuer the names and positions of holders of its Securities, and 
(v) is purchasing for its own account or for the accounts of one or more other persons each of whom 
meets all of the requirements of clauses (i) through (v) and over which it exercises sole investment 
discretion. 
(b) 
Notice of Transfer Restrictions. Each purchaser acknowledges and agrees that (a) the Securities have 
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Issuer has not been registered as an 
"investment company" under the 1940 Act, (b) neither the Securities nor any beneficial interest therein 
may be re-offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in accordance with the provisions set 
out in paragraph (a) above and (c) the purchaser will notify any transferee of such transfer restrictions 
and that each subsequent holder will be required to notify any subsequent transferee of such Securities 
of such transfer restrictions. 
(c) 
Mandatory Transfer/Redemption. Each purchaser acknowledges and agrees that in the event that at 
any time the Issuer determines or is notified by a Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer that such purchaser 
was in breach, at the time given or deemed to be given, of any of the representations or agreements set 
out in paragraph (a) above or otherwise determines that any transfer or other disposition of any Securities 
would, in the sole determination of the Issuer or a Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer, require the Issuer 
to register as an "investment company" under the provisions of the 1940 Act, such purchase or other 
transfer will be void ab initio and will not be honoured by the Registrar. Accordingly, any such purported 
transferee or other holder will not be entitled to any rights as a Securityholder and the Issuer shall have 
the right, in accordance with the conditions of the Securities, to force the transfer of, transfer on behalf 
of the Securityholder or redeem, any such Securities. 
(d) 
Rule 144A Information. Each purchaser of Securities offered and sold in the United States under Rule 
144A is hereby notified that the offer and sale of such Securities to it is being made in reliance upon the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The Issuer 
has agreed to furnish to investors upon request such information as may be required by Rule 144A. 
(e) 
ERISA. If the purchaser is a U.S. person purchasing an interest in a Rule 144A Global Security, it is not 
a benefit plan investor, is not using the assets of a benefit plan investor to acquire such Securities and 
shall not at any time hold such Securities for a benefit plan investor (including assets that may be held in 
an insurance company's separate or general accounts where assets in such accounts may be deemed "plan 
assets" for purposes of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA")). For the purposes hereof, the term "benefit plan investor" means (a) any employee benefit 
plan (as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA), (b) any plan described in section 4975(e)(1) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code, or (b) any entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of a plan's 
investment in the entity (within the meaning of the U.S. Department of Labor Regulations Section 
2510.3-101 as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
(f) 
Relevant Information. The purchaser has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and such other 
information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision. 
(g) 
Legends on Global Securities. Each purchaser acknowledges that each of the Rule 144A Global 
Security and the Regulation S Global Security will bear legends substantially to the effect set out in this 
Base Prospectus and that the Issuer has covenanted not to remove either such legend so long as it shall 
be necessary for the Issuer to rely on the exception to the 1940 Act. 
(h) 
Regulation S Transfers During the Distribution Compliance Period. If the purchaser has acquired a 
portion of a Regulation S Global Security in a sale or other transfer being made in reliance upon 
Regulation S, the purchaser agrees that during the Distribution Compliance Period it will not offer, resell,

--- Page 722 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
722 
 
 
pledge or otherwise transfer such portion of such Regulation S Global Security to or for the account or 
benefit of any U.S. person other than to a person meeting the requirements set out in paragraph (a) above 
and in the legend set out on the Regulation S Global Security. 
If the purchaser is an Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP, the Investment Letter will also contain 
the following representations and agreements: 
(a) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP is an Institutional Accredited Investor within 
the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7), (8), (9) or (12) of Regulation D under the Securities Act and 
is a "qualified purchaser" within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended and the rules and regulations thereunder ("QP"), and has such 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and 
risks of its investment in the Securities, and it and any accounts for which it is acting are each able to 
bear the economic risk of its or any such accounts' investment for an indefinite period of time. 
(b) 
that, in the event that the Institutional Accredited Investor who is also a QP purchases Securities, it will 
acquire Securities having a minimum purchase price of at least US$500,000 (or the approximate 
equivalent in another Specified Currency). 
No sale of Legended Securities in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than US$250,000 (or its 
foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors who are 
also QPs, US$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount and no Legended Security will be 
issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller nominal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting 
on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least US$250,000 (or its foreign currency 
equivalent) or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors who are also QPs, US$500,000 (or its 
foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount of Registered Securities. 
Any transfer or other disposition of any Securities that would, in the sole determination of the Issuer, require the 
Issuer to register as an "investment company" under the provisions of the 1940 Act will be void ab initio, and 
such transfer or other disposition will not be recognised by the Issuer. If, at any time a Security is held by or on 
behalf of a U.S. person who is not an Eligible Investor at the time it purchases such Security the Issuer may, in its 
discretion and at the expense and risk of such holder, (a) redeem such Securities, in whole or in part, to permit the 
Issuer to avoid registration under the 1940 Act or (b) require any such holder to transfer such Securities to an 
Eligible Investor or to a non-U.S. person outside the United States or cause such Securities to be transferred on 
behalf of the Securityholder. The determination of which Securities will be redeemed or sold in any particular 
case is in the discretion of the Issuer. 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Securities (other than 3(a)(2) Notes) issued by BBVA 
Global Securities B.V. in the United States are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, 
offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Securities 
For the avoidance of doubt, this section shall not apply to 3(a)(2) Notes. 
Each person purchasing an interest in a Registered Global Security will be deemed to have acknowledged, 
represented and agreed, as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S 
are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that (i) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Securities for its own account or for the account of one or 
more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A, or (ii) it is outside 
the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that the Securities are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United 
States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Securities have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. state securities laws and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set 
forth below; 
(c) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Security and either is a person located outside 
the United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer 
the Securities or any beneficial interests in the Securities, it will do so, prior to the date which is one year

--- Page 723 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
723 
 
 
after the later of the last Issue Date for the Series and the last date on which the Issuer or an affiliate of 
the Issuer was the owner of such Securities, only (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) inside the 
United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account 
or for the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, (iii) outside the 
United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to the 
exemption from registration provided by Rule 144 under the Securities Act (if available) or (v) pursuant 
to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with all 
applicable U.S. state securities laws; 
(d) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Securities from it of 
the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (c) above, if then applicable; 
(e) 
that Securities initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 
144A Global Securities, that Securities offered to Institutional Accredited Investors will be in the form 
of Definitive IAI Registered Securities and that Securities offered outside the United States in reliance 
on Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Securities; 
(f) 
that the Securities, other than the Regulation S Global Securities, will bear a legend to the following 
effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NEITHER 
THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, 
SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED 
OF UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS REGISTERED PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT, OR IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
BY PURCHASING THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY, EACH HOLDER OF ANY 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED FOR THE 
BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER AND FOR ANY AGENT OR SELLER WITH RESPECT TO THE 
SECURITIES THAT IT (I)(A) IS AN "ELIGIBLE INVESTOR" (AS DEFINED BELOW), (B) WILL 
HOLD AT LEAST THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION OF U.S.$250,000, (C) WILL PROVIDE 
NOTICE OF APPLICABLE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS TO ANY SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE, 
INCLUDING DELIVERING TO EACH TRANSFEREE A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE 
EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND, (D) IS PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNTS OF ONE OR MORE OTHER PERSONS EACH OF WHOM MEETS ALL OF THE 
PRECEDING REQUIREMENTS AND (E) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT REOFFER, RESELL, 
PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE SECURITIES OR ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
HEREIN TO ANY PERSON EXCEPT TO A PERSON THAT MEETS ALL OF THE PRECEDING 
REQUIREMENTS AND AGREES NOT TO SUBSEQUENTLY TRANSFER THE SECURITIES OR 
ANY BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS CLAUSE (E) 
OR (II) IS NOT A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THE SECURITIES PURSUANT TO RULE 
903 OR 904 OF REGULATION S. IN THE EVENT OF ANY TRANSFER PURSUANT TO THE 
PRECEDING CLAUSE (II), (1) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO HAVE THE 
SECURITIES SO TRANSFERRED TO BE REPRESENTED BY AN INTEREST IN THE 
REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY (AS DEFINED IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS); (2) THE 
TRANSFEROR WILL BE REQUIRED TO DELIVER A TRANSFER CERTIFICATE (THE FORM 
OF WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND IS AVAILABLE FROM THE 
TRANSFER AGENT), AND (3) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO CERTIFY AS TO 
ITS STATUS AS A NON-U.S. PERSON. ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS 
SECURITY MADE OTHER THAN IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS 
SHALL NOT BE RECOGNISED BY THE ISSUER, THE REGISTRAR OR ANY OTHER AGENT 
OF THE ISSUER. 
"ELIGIBLE INVESTORS" ARE DEFINED FOR THE PURPOSES HEREOF AS PERSONS WHO 
ARE "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS" AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT ("QIBS"), ACTING FOR THEIR OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF 
OTHER QIBS, OR PERSONS WHO ARE INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS.

--- Page 724 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
724 
 
 
THE PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER OR ANY DEALER RESERVE THE 
RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SALE OR OTHER TRANSFER TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH 
CERTIFICATIONS, LEGAL OPINIONS AND OTHER INFORMATION AS THE ISSUER OR ANY 
DEALER MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE PROPOSED SALE OR 
OTHER TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS. 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLERS OF THE 
SECURITIES MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 
5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A. TERMS WHICH ARE USED IN THIS 
LEGEND WHICH ARE DEFINED IN RULE 144A HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM 
UNDER SUCH RULE. 
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE PURCHASED OR HELD 
BY (A) ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA")), (B) 
ANY PLAN SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, 
AS AMENDED OR (C) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS 
BY REASON OF A PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY (WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE 
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATIONS SECTION 2510.3-101 AS MODIFIED BY 
SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA). 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT UPON NOTICE 
TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE 
HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF 
WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL 
FUTURE HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE 
HEREON)."; 
(g) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the 
Securities prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period (defined as 40 days after the later 
of the commencement of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance of the 
Securities), it will do so only (i) (A) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under 
the Securities Act or (B) to a QIB in compliance with Rule 144A and (ii) in accordance with all applicable 
U.S. state securities laws; and it acknowledges that the Regulation S Global Securities will bear a legend 
to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NEITHER 
THIS SECURITY NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, 
SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED 
OF UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS REGISTERED PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT, OR IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE FOR 
THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT, IF IT SHOULD DECIDE TO DISPOSE OF THE 
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY PRIOR TO THE 
EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF 40 DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF THE DISTRIBUTION, 
BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY MAY BE OFFERED, 
RESOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES 
ACT. ACCORDINGLY, ANY TRANSFERS OF THE SECURITIES PRIOR TO THE 
TERMINATION OF THE DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD MAY ONLY BE MADE: (A)

--- Page 725 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
725 
 
 
TO A NON-U.S. PERSON IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 903 
OR 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (B) TO OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OR BENEFIT OF A U.S. PERSON IN A TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO RULE 144A OR 
REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO PERSONS WHO QUALIFY AS "ELIGIBLE 
INVESTORS" (AS DEFINED BELOW). IN THE CASE OF ANY SUCH TRANSFER PURSUANT 
TO CLAUSE (B), (1) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO HAVE THE SECURITIES SO 
TRANSFERRED TO BE REPRESENTED BY AN INTEREST IN A RULE 144A GLOBAL 
SECURITY OR A DEFINITIVE IAI REGISTERED SECURITY (AS DEFINED IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS); (2) THE TRANSFEROR WILL BE REQUIRED TO DELIVER A TRANSFER 
CERTIFICATE (THE FORM OF WHICH IS ATTACHED TO THE AGENCY AGREEMENT AND 
IS AVAILABLE FROM THE TRANSFER AGENT), AND (3) THE TRANSFEREE WILL BE 
REQUIRED TO EXECUTE AN INVESTMENT LETTER (THE FORM OF WHICH IS ALSO 
ATTACHED TO THE AGENCY AGREEMENT) CERTIFYING, AMONG OTHER THINGS, ITS 
STATUS AS AN ELIGIBLE INVESTOR. 
"ELIGIBLE INVESTORS" ARE DEFINED FOR THE PURPOSES HEREOF AS PERSONS WHO 
ARE "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS" AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT ("QIBS"), ACTING FOR THEIR OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF 
OTHER QIBS, OR PERSONS WHO ARE INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTORS."; and 
(h) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring 
any Securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Issue Terms, each Institutional Accredited Investor who purchases 
Registered Securities in definitive form offered and sold in the United States in reliance upon the exemption from 
registration provided by Regulation D of the Securities Act is required to execute and deliver to the Registrar an 
Investment Letter. Upon execution and delivery of an Investment Letter by an Institutional Accredited Investor, 
Securities will be issued in definitive registered form, see "Form of Securities". Each QIB who purchases Rule 
144A Global Securities offered and sold in the United States in reliance upon the exemption from registration 
provided by Rule 144A of the Securities Act is required to execute and deliver to the Registrar an Investment 
Letter. 
The Investment Letter referred to above shall include the following representations and agreements (undefined 
terms used in this section that are defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
Purchaser Requirements. Securities may be offered in the United States to a purchaser who: (i) is an 
Eligible Investor (as defined below), (ii) will hold at least the minimum denomination of US$250,000, 
(iii) will provide notice of applicable transfer restrictions to any subsequent transferee (and each 
subsequent transferee will be deemed to have made the same representations and agreements contained 
in clauses (i) through (iv) of this paragraph), and (iv) is purchasing for its own account or for the accounts 
of one or more other persons each of whom meets all of the requirements of clauses (i) through (iv) and 
over which it exercises sole investment discretion. 
(b) 
Notice of Transfer Restrictions. Each purchaser acknowledges and agrees that (a) the Securities have 
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and the Issuer has not been registered as an 
"investment company" under the 1940 Act, (b) neither the Securities nor any beneficial interest therein 
may be re-offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in accordance with the provisions set 
out in paragraph (a) above and (c) the purchaser will notify any transferee of such transfer restrictions 
and that each subsequent holder will be required to notify any subsequent transferee of such Securities 
of such transfer restrictions. 
(c) 
Rule 144A Information. Each purchaser of Securities offered and sold in the United States under Rule 
144A is hereby notified that the offer and sale of such Securities to it is being made in reliance upon the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. The Issuer 
has agreed to furnish to investors upon request such information as may be required by Rule 144A.

--- Page 726 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
726 
 
 
(d) 
ERISA. If the purchaser is a U.S. person purchasing an interest in a Rule 144A Global Security, it is not 
a benefit plan investor, is not using the assets of a benefit plan investor to acquire such Securities and 
shall not at any time hold such Securities for a benefit plan investor (including assets that may be held in 
an insurance company's separate or general accounts where assets in such accounts may be deemed "plan 
assets" for purposes of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA")). For the purposes hereof, the term "benefit plan investor" means (a) any employee benefit 
plan (as defined in section 3(3) of ERISA), (b) any plan described in section 4975(e)(1) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code, or (b) any entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of a plan's 
investment in the entity (within the meaning of the U.S. Department of Labor Regulations Section 
2510.3-101 as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
(e) 
Relevant Information. The purchaser has received a copy of this Base Prospectus and such other 
information as it deems necessary in order to make its investment decision. 
(f) 
Legends on Global Securities. Each purchaser acknowledges that each of the Rule 144A Global 
Security and the Regulation S Global Security will bear legends substantially to the effect set out in this 
Base Prospectus. 
(g) 
Regulation S Transfers During the Distribution Compliance Period. If the purchaser has acquired a 
portion of a Regulation S Global Security in a sale or other transfer being made in reliance upon 
Regulation S, the purchaser agrees that during the Distribution Compliance Period it will not offer, resell, 
pledge or otherwise transfer such portion of such Regulation S Global Security to or for the account or 
benefit of any U.S. person other than to a person meeting the requirements set out in paragraph (a) above 
and in the legend set out on the Regulation S Global Security. 
If the purchaser is an Institutional Accredited Investor the Investment Letter will also contain the following 
representations and agreements: 
(h) 
that the Institutional Accredited Investor is an Institutional Accredited Investor within the meaning of 
Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D under the Securities Act, and has such knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its 
investment in the Securities, and it and any accounts for which it is acting are each able to bear the 
economic risk of its or any such accounts' investment for an indefinite period of time. 
(i) 
that, in the event that the Institutional Accredited Investor purchases Securities, it will acquire Securities 
having a minimum purchase price of at least US$500,000 (or the approximate equivalent in another 
Specified Currency). 
No sale of Legended Securities in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than US$250,000 (or its 
foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, 
US$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) nominal amount and no Legended Security will be issued in 
connection with such a sale in a smaller nominal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf 
of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least US$250,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) 
or, in the case of sales to Institutional Accredited Investors, US$500,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) 
nominal amount of Registered Securities. 
Securities Selling Restrictions 
General Selling Restrictions 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that Securities may be directed to any category of investors 
unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that: 
(i) 
unless specified otherwise in the applicable Issue Terms, no action has been or will be taken in any 
country or jurisdiction by the Issuer or the Dealers that would permit a public offering of Securities, or 
possession or distribution of any offering material in relation thereto, in such country or jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required; and

--- Page 727 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
727 
 
 
(ii) 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for 
the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Securities under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the Dealer(s) represents that Securities may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Persons into whose hands the Base Prospectus, any Issue Terms or any Security comes are required by the Issuer 
and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which 
they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Securities or have in their possession or distribute such offering material, in 
all cases at their own expense. 
United States 
Securities other than 3(a)(2) Notes 
Neither the Securities nor the Guarantee, nor any Entitlement(s) to be delivered in respect of Securities issued by 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. where physical delivery is specified as applicable, have been or will be registered 
under the Securities Act and the Securities may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Securities may be offered in the United States to a purchaser: (i) who is an Eligible Investor (as defined below), 
(ii) will hold at least the minimum denomination of US$250,000 (or equivalent in the relevant currency), (iii) will 
provide notice of applicable transfer restrictions to any subsequent transferee (and each subsequent transferee will 
be deemed to have made the same representations and agreements contained in clauses (i) through (v) of this 
paragraph), (iv) understands that the issuer may receive a list of all participants holding positions in its Securities 
from one or more book-entry depositaries and that the participants may further disclose to the issuer the names 
and positions of holders of its Securities, and (v) is purchasing for its own account or for the accounts of one or 
more other persons each of whom meets all of the requirements of clauses (i) through (v) and over which it 
exercises sole investment discretion. 
Each purchaser who satisfies clauses (i) through (v) above acknowledges and agrees that in the event that at any 
time the Issuer determines or is notified by a Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer that such purchaser was in 
breach, at the time given or deemed to be given, of any of the representations or agreements set out in clauses (i) 
through (v) above or otherwise determines that any transfer or other disposition of any Securities would, in the 
sole determination of the Issuer or a Dealer acting on behalf of the Issuer, require the Issuer to register as an 
"investment company" under the provisions of the 1940 Act, such purchase or other transfer will be void ab initio 
and will not be honoured by the Registrar. Accordingly, any such purported transferee or other holder will not be 
entitled to any rights as a Securityholder and the Issuer shall have the right, in accordance with the conditions of 
the Securities, to force the transfer of, transfer on behalf of the Securityholder or redeem, any such Securities. 
Such Securities will be offered by BBVA (acting through its agent BBVA Securities Inc.) (in such capacity, the 
"Initial Purchaser"). 
The Securities in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The Issue Terms will 
identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that, in connection with any Securities which are offered or sold outside the United States 
in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S 
("Regulation S Securities"), that it will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S Securities (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and

--- Page 728 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
728 
 
 
certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Securities on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead 
manager, of all Securities of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Securities are a part, within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Regulation S Securities during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Regulation S Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. 
As used herein, "United States" means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia), its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction; and "U.S. person" means (i) 
an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; (ii) a corporation, partnership or other entity 
organised in or under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision thereof or which has its principal 
place of business in the United States; (iii) any estate or trust which is subject to United States federal income 
taxation regardless of the source of its income; (iv) any trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise 
primary supervision over the administration of the trust and if one or more United States trustees have the authority 
to control all substantial decisions of the trust; (v) a pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of a 
corporation, partnership or other entity described in clause (ii) above; (vi) any entity organised principally for 
passive investment, 10 per cent. or more of the beneficial interests in which are held by persons described in (i) 
to (v) above if such entity was formed principally for the purpose of investment by such persons in a commodity 
pool the operator of which is exempt from certain requirements of Part 4 of the CFTC's regulations by virtue of 
its participants being non-U.S. persons; or (vii) any other "U.S. Person" as such term may be defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act or in regulations adopted under the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Securities, an offer or sale of such Securities 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealer(s) may arrange for the resale of Securities issued by BBVA Markets B.V. to QIBs who are also QPs 
pursuant to Rule 144A and Dealer(s) may arrange for the resale of Securities issued by BBVA Global Securities 
B.V. to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Securities is hereby notified that the Dealer(s) 
may be relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A 
and one or more exemptions and/or exclusions from regulation under the CEA. The minimum aggregate nominal 
amount of Securities which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is US$250,000 (or the approximate 
equivalent thereof in any other currency). To the extent that the Issuer is not subject to or does not comply with 
the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements 
of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, the Issuer has agreed to furnish to holders of Securities and to prospective 
purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4) so 
long as the Securities are considered restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144A(a)(3) under the 
Securities Act. 
The Securities, the Guarantee and any Entitlement(s) do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts 
of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, and trading in the Securities 
has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission pursuant to the CEA. 
Each issuance of Securities shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such Securities, which additional selling restrictions 
shall be set out in the Issue Terms. 
1940 Act compliance and Eligible Investors 
As described above, BBVA Global Markets B.V. has not been and will not be registered as an "investment 
company" under the 1940 Act and, accordingly, the Securities may only be sold in the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons in compliance with Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. In general, the Section 
3(c)(7) exception excludes from the definition of an investment company any issuer whose outstanding securities 
are owned exclusively by persons who are "Qualified Purchasers" (or "QPs", as defined in Section 2(a)(51)(A) of 
the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder) and that 
has not made a public offering of its securities. Consequently, the relevant Securities may only be offered, sold, 
resold, delivered or transferred (a) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, in 
a transaction made in compliance with both Rule 144A and Section 3(c)(7) under the 1940 Act to persons that are

--- Page 729 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
729 
 
 
Eligible Investors (as defined below) or (b) outside the United States to persons that are not U.S. persons in 
offshore transactions in reliance on Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S. 
The relevant Securities (other than 3(a)(2) Notes) issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V. may only be offered, 
sold, resold, delivered or transferred (a) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, in a transaction made in compliance with Rule 144A to persons that are Eligible Investors (as defined 
below) or (b) outside the United States to persons that are not U.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance on 
Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S. 
"Eligible Investors," in the case of Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V., are defined as persons who 
are QIBs and also QPs acting for their own account or for the account of other QIBs who are also QPs, or persons 
who are Institutional Accredited Investors and also QPs, but excluding therefrom: (i) QIBs that are broker dealers 
that own and invest on a discretionary basis less than US$25 million in "securities" of unaffiliated issuers (ii) a 
partnership, common trust fund, special trust, pension fund, retirement plan or other entity in which the partners, 
beneficiaries or participants, as the case may be, may designate the particular investments to be made or the 
allocation thereof, (iii) an entity that was formed, reformed or recapitalised for the specific purpose of investing 
in the Securities, (unless each beneficial owner of such entity is a QP), (iv) any investment company excepted 
from the 1940 Act solely pursuant to Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) thereof and formed prior to April 30, 1996, 
that has not received the consent of its beneficial owners with respect to the treatment of such entity as a qualified 
purchaser in the manner required by Section 2(a)(51)(C) of the 1940 Act and rules thereunder, and (v) any entity 
that will have invested more than 40 per cent. of its assets in securities of the Issuer subsequent to any purchase 
of the Securities. 
"Eligible Investors," in the case of Securities (other than 3(a)(2) Notes) issued by BBVA Global Securities B.V., 
are defined as persons who are QIBs acting for their own account or for the account of other QIBs, or persons 
who are Institutional Accredited Investors. 
European Economic Area (EEA) 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
With regard to each Tranche of Securities in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" will 
be selected to be "Not applicable" in Part A of the applicable Issue Terms the following restrictions apply: 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Issue Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such 
Securities to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by the Issue Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in 
such prospectus or Issue Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of such Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 730 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
730 
 
 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any Securities in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Securities; and 
(b) 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or 
superseded). 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
With regard to each Tranche of Securities in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" will 
be selected to be "applicable" in Part A of the applicable Issue Terms the following restrictions apply: 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
In addition to the selling restrictions set out for each Member State of the European Economic Area please see 
"Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation" above and "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" above. 
Austria 
Unless it is specified in the applicable Issue Terms that an offer of Non-Exempt Securities will be made in Austria, 
the following will apply: 
No prospectus has been or will be approved by the Austrian Financial Market Authority 
(Finanzmarktaufsichtsbehörde) and/or published pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other document connected therewith may be distributed, 
passed on or disclosed to any other person in Austria, save as specifically agreed with the Dealers. 
No steps may be taken that would constitute a public offering of the Securities in Austria and the offering of the 
Securities may not be advertised in Austria. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further dealer 
appointed under the programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will offer the Securities in Austria 
only in compliance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019

--- Page 731 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
731 
 
 
(Kapitalmarktgesetz), as amended, and all other laws and regulations in Austria applicable to the offer and sale of 
the Securities in Austria. 
Dubai 
This Base Prospectus relates to Securities which are not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the Dubai 
Financial Services Authority ("DFSA"). 
This Base Prospectus is intended for distribution only to Professional Clients (as defined by the DFSA) who are 
not natural persons. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. 
The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any Base Prospectus or other documents in connection 
with this offering. Accordingly, the DFSA has not approved this Base Prospectus or any other associated 
documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in this Base Prospectus, and has no responsibility 
for it. 
The international Securities and interests therein to which this Base Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or 
subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the international Securities and interests therein 
should conduct their own due diligence on the international Securities. 
If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
In relation to its use in the Dubai International Financial Centre, this Base Prospectus is strictly private and 
confidential and is being distributed to a limited number of investors and must not be provided to any person other 
than the original recipient, and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. The interests in the 
international Securities may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly to the public in the Dubai International 
Financial Centre. 
Finland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Securities may only be offered or sold in compliance with all applicable provisions 
of the laws of Finland and especially in compliance with the Finnish Securities Market Act 
(arvopaperimarkkinalaki (746/2012), as amended) and any regulation or rule made thereunder, as supplemented 
and amended from time to time. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force 
regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Securities and the distribution in France of the Base Prospectus 
or any other offering material relating to the Securities. 
Germany 
Unless it is specified in the applicable Issue Terms that an offer of Non-Exempt Securities will be made in 
Germany, the following will apply: Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that no steps may be taken that would constitute a public 
offering of the Securities in Germany and the Securities have not been and will not be distributed, delivered, 
offered, sold, promoted or advertised in the Federal Republic of Germany other than in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz), as amended, or any other 
laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Ireland 
Unless it is specified in the applicable Issue Terms that an offer of Securities will be made in Ireland, the following 
will apply: Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, 
place or underwrite the Securities, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Securities, otherwise than in 
conformity with the provisions of:

--- Page 732 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
732 
 
 
(a) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the "MiFID II 
Regulations"), including, without limitation, Regulations 5 (Requirements for Authorisation (and 
certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, any rules or codes of conduct made under the 
MiFID II Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the "Companies Act"), the Central Bank Acts 1942-2015 (as 
amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as 
amended); 
(c) 
the Regulation (2017/1129), the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules and 
guidelines issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act by the Central Bank; and 
(d) 
the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 
1370 of the Companies Act. 
Portugal 
Unless it is specified in the applicable Issue Terms that an offer of Non-Exempt Securities will be made in 
Portugal, the following will apply: Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
no document, circular, advertisement or any offering material in relation to the Securities has been or 
will be subject to approval by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de 
Valores Mobiliários, the "CMVM"); 
(b) 
it has not, without the prior approval of the CMVM, directly or indirectly taken any action or offered, 
advertised, submitted to an investment gathering procedure, sold or delivered and will not, without the 
prior approval of the CMVM, directly or indirectly offer, advertise, submit to an investment gathering 
procedure, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Securities in circumstances which could qualify as a public 
offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, or the Portuguese Securities 
Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários, the "CVM"); 
(c) 
it has not, directly or indirectly, distributed and will not, directly or indirectly, distribute to the public in 
the Republic of Portugal the Base Prospectus or any document, circular, advertisements or any offering 
material in relation to the Securities, without the prior approval of the CMVM; and 
(d) 
it will comply with all applicable provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the CVM and any applicable 
CMVM regulations and all relevant Portuguese laws and regulations, in any such case that may be 
applicable to it in respect of any offer or sales of Securities by it in the Republic of Portugal. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the Republic of 
Portugal and with the Prospectus Regulation regarding the placement of any Securities in the Portuguese 
jurisdiction or to any entities which are resident in the Republic of Portugal, including the publication of a 
prospectus, when applicable, and that such placement shall only be authorised and performed to the extent that 
there is full compliance with such laws and regulations. 
Republic of Italy 
Unless it is specified in the applicable Issue Terms that a non exempt offer will be made in the Republic of Italy, 
the following will apply: The offering of the Securities has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation. Accordingly, no Securities may be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly nor may copies of 
this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Securities be distributed in the Republic of Italy, 
except 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) as defined in Article 2, of Regulation (EU) No. 1129 of 
June 14, 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and any applicable provision of Italian laws and 
regulations; or

--- Page 733 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
733 
 
 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time (the "Regulation No. 11971") and the applicable Italian laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus (including the 
applicable Issue Terms) or any other document relating to the Securities in the Republic of Italy must be in 
compliance with the selling restrictions under paragraphs (i) or (ii) above and must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the 
"Financial Services Act"), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of February 15, 2018 (as amended from 
time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1, 1993, as amended (the "Banking Act") 
and any other applicable laws and regulations; 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority. 
In accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, to the extent it is applicable, where no exemption 
from the rules on public offerings applies, Securities which are initially offered and placed in Italy or abroad to 
qualified investors only but in the following year are systematically ("sistematicamente") distributed on the 
secondary market in Italy become subject to the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under 
the Prospectus Regulation, the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such 
rules may result in the sale of such Securities being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary 
transferring the financial instruments for any damages suffered by the investors. 
Spain 
Neither the Securities nor the Base Prospectus have been registered with the Spanish Securities Market Regulator 
(Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores, the "CNMV"). On such basis, the Securities may not be offered, 
sold or distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Instruments be carried out in Spain, except in circumstances 
which do not require the registration of a prospectus in Spain in compliance with all legal and regulatory 
requirements under Spanish securities laws. No publicity or marketing of any kind shall be made in Spain in 
relation to the Securities. 
Sweden 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Securities have not been offered or sold and will not be offered, sold or delivered 
directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Sweden by way of a public offering, unless approved by the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) and otherwise in compliance with Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market (including any implementing acts) 
and any other applicable legislation and regulation in Sweden as amended from time to time. 
The Netherlands 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Securities may not, directly or indirectly, be, (or announced to be) offered, sold, 
resold, delivered or transferred as part of their initial distribution or at any time thereafter to, or to the order of, or 
for the account of, any person in the Netherlands other than in accordance with the aforementioned restrictions. 
Savings Certificates Act 
In addition and without prejudice to the relevant restrictions set out above, Securities that are in bearer form and 
that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against the Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their 
tenor or on which no interest is due whatsoever ("Zero Coupon Securities") in definitive form may only be

--- Page 734 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
734 
 
 
transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of 
either the Issuer or an admitted institution (toegelaten instelling) of Euronext Amsterdam N.V., admitted in a 
function on one or more markets or systems held or operated by Euronext Amsterdam N.V., in accordance with 
the Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of May 21, 1985 (as amended). No such mediation is 
required in respect of: 
(a) 
the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Securities whilst in the form of rights representing an interest 
in a Zero 
(b) 
the initial issue of Zero Coupon Securities in definitive form to the first holders thereof; 
(c) 
the transfer and acceptance of Zero Coupon Securities in definitive form between individuals not acting 
in the conduct of a business or profession; or 
(d) 
the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Securities within, from or into the Netherlands if all 
Zero Coupon Securities (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a Zero Coupon 
Instrument in global form) of any particular Series are issued outside the Netherlands and are not 
distributed into the Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. 
In the event that the Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements in relation to the issue 
and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Securities have to be complied with and, in addition thereto, if 
such Zero Coupon Securities in definitive form do not qualify as commercial paper traded between professional 
borrowers and lenders within the meaning of the agreement of March 2, 1987 attached to the Royal Decree of 
March 11, 1987 as published in the Official Gazette 1987, 129, as amended from time to time, each transfer and 
acceptance should be recorded in a transaction note, including the name and address of each party to the 
transaction, the nature of the transaction and the details and serial numbers of such Securities. 
Argentina 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Argentinian Securities 
Comission (Comisión Nacional de Valores) pursuant to the Ley de Mercados de Capitales of Argentina and 
therefore cannot be offered or sold in Argentina or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons in Argentina except 
in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a public offering. 
Chile 
The Issuer and the Securities have not been, and will not be, registered with the Chilean Commission for the 
Financial Market (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero, "CMF") pursuant to Law No. 18.045 (Ley de Mercado 
de Valores, "Securities Market Act"), as amended, of the Republic of Chile and, accordingly, no person shall 
offer or sell the securities within Chile or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons in Chile except in 
circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a public offering and/or in the conduct of 
intermediation (funciones de intermediación) within the meaning of Chilean law. 
The offer of any Securities pursuant to this Base Prospectus begins on the date of issuance of the applicable Issue 
Terms. Any such offer of Securities complies with General Rule N°. 336 of the CMF. Since the Securities to 
which an offer relates have not been registered in the Foreign Securities Registry of the CMF, they are not subject 
to the supervision of such entity. As any offer of Securities pursuant to this Base Prospectus does not relate to 
registered securities, there is no obligation on the Issuer to deliver in Chile public information regarding the 
Securities. The Securities may not be publicly offered in Chile as long as they are not registered in the 
corresponding Securities Registry. The above paragraph has to be reproduced in Spanish in order to comply with 
the General Rule N°. 336. Therefore, the following paragraph is only a translation into Spanish of this paragraph's 
disclaimers and does not contain any additional statement. 
Esta oferta comienza el día que se emitan los Issue Terms. Esta oferta de valores cumple con la Norma de Carácter 
General 336 de la CMF. Dado que esta oferta versa sobre valores no inscritos en el Registro de Valores Extranjeros 
que lleva dicha Comisión, tales valores no están sujetos a la fiscalización de ésta. Como esta oferta de valores se 
refiere a valores no inscritos, no existe la obligación por parte de su emisor de entregar en Chile información 
pública respecto de dichos valores. Estos valores no podrán ser objeto de oferta pública mientras no sean inscritos 
en el Registro de Valores correspondiente.

--- Page 735 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
735 
 
 
Colombia 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that the Securities have not and will not be marketed, offered, sold or 
distributed in Colombia or to Colombian residents except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer 
of securities in Colombia within the meaning of article 6.1.1.1.1 of Decree 2555 of 2010 as amended from time 
to time. The offer of the Securities is addressed to less than one hundred specifically identified investors. The 
material in this Base Prospectus is for the sole and exclusive use of the addressee as a determined individual/entity 
and cannot be understood as addressed for the use of any third party, including any of such party's shareholders, 
administrators or employees, or by any other third party resident in Colombia. The information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is provided for illustrative purposes only and no representation or warranty is made as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein. Accordingly, the Securities will not be publicly 
offered, marketed or negotiated in Colombia through promotional or advertisement activities (as defined under 
Colombian law) except in compliance with the requirements of the Colombian Financial and Securities Market 
Regulation (Decree 2555 of 2010, Law 964 of 2005 and Organic Statute of the Financial System) as amended and 
restated, and decrees and regulations made thereunder. Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Securities listed 
in the Base Prospectus have not been registered in the National Securities and Issuer's Registry (Registro Nacional 
de Valores y Emisores) of the Colombian Financial Superintendence (Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia) 
or with any Colombian securities exchange or trading system, and therefore it is not intended for any public offer 
of the Securities in Colombia. 
Investors acknowledge the Colombian laws and regulations (specifically foreign exchange and tax regulations) 
applicable to any transaction or investment consummated in connection with this Base Prospectus and represent 
that they are the sole liable party for full compliance with any such laws and regulations. 
The investors represent that the investment in the Securities is a permitted investment for them under their 
corporate bylaws and/or particular investment regime that may be applicable. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge and agree, that the Securities have not been authorised by the Securities and Futures 
Commission of Hong Kong. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Securities (except for Securities which are "structured products" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong ("Securities and Futures Ordinance")) other than; (a) to 
"professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under 
that Ordinance or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as 
defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong 
Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP); and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of 
Hong Kong) other than with respect to Securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Mexico 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that the Securities have not been, and will not be, registered with the National Securities 
Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission 
(Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores, or the "CNBV") and, therefore, the Securities may not be offered or 
sold in Mexico, publicly or otherwise, except that the Securities may be offered in Mexico to institutional and 
accredited investors pursuant to the private placement exception set forth in Article 8 of the Mexican Securities 
Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores).

--- Page 736 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
736 
 
 
Monaco 
The Securities may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco 
Bank or a duly authorised Monegasque intermediary acting as a professional institutional investor which has such 
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the risks and merits of 
an investment in the Fund. Consequently, this Base Prospectus may only be communicated to (i) banks, and (ii) 
portfolio management companies duly licensed by the "Commission de Contrôle des Activités Financières by 
virtue of Law n° 1.338, of September 7, 2007, and authorised under Law n° 1.144 of July 26, 1991. Such regulated 
intermediaries may in turn communicate this Base Prospectus to investors. 
Panama 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Superintendence of 
Capital Markets of the Republic of Panama, nor will the offer, sale or transactions regarding the Securities. The 
exemption from registration is made under number 3 of Article 129 of Unified Text of the Decree Law 1 of July 
8, 1999 (Institutional Investors). As a consequence, the tax treatment established in Articles 334 through 336 of 
Unified Text of the Decree Law 1 of July 8, 1999, is not applicable to them. The Securities are not under the 
supervision of the Superintendence of Capital Markets. 
Peru 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Securities have not and will not be placed, offered, sold, disposed of or distributed 
in Peru, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of securities in Peru within the meaning of 
Peruvian securities laws and regulations. Accordingly, the Securities will not be the subject of a duly diffused 
invitation for subscription, acquisition or purchase of the Securities in Peru, pursuant to the Peruvian Securities 
Market Law, Decreto Legislativo 861, as amended and restated. 
The Securities may only be offered in Peru, under private offerings, complying with the Securities Market Law 
and the regulations that govern the investment policy of institutional investors such as, but not restricted to, 
banking and other financial entities, insurance entities, private pension fund managers, open ended and close 
ended collective investment schemes. The Securities acquired by institutional investors in Peru cannot be 
transferred to a third party, unless such transfer is made to another institutional investor or the Securities have 
been previously registered with the Registro Público del Mercado de Valores maintained by the Superintendencia 
del Mercado de Valores. 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been subject to review by the Securities Market Superintendence 
(Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores, "SMV") and has not been registered with the Peruvian Securities 
Market Public Registry, therefore it is not intended for any public offer of the Securities in Peru. If the Securities 
were to be offered under private offerings in Peru, regulations do not impose reporting obligations with SMV, to 
any of the Issuer or the Dealers. 
Republic of Korea 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea for 
public offering in the Republic of Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act (the 
"FSCMA"). The Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any 
person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of Korea or to any resident of the Republic 
of Korea except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of the Republic of Korea, including the FSCMA 
and the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law (the "FETL") and the decrees and regulations thereunder. The 
Securities may not be resold to South Korean residents unless the purchaser of the Securities complies with all 
applicable regulatory requirements (including but not limited to government reporting requirements under the 
FETL and its subordinate decrees and regulations) in connection with the purchase of the Securities. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any 
person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, any Securities in the Republic of Korea or to any resident 
of the Republic of Korea and will not offer, sell or deliver directly or indirectly or offer or sell to any person for

--- Page 737 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
737 
 
 
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, any Securities in the Republic of Korea or to any resident of the 
Republic of Korea, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FSCMA, FETL and other relevant laws and regulations of the Republic of Korea. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus may only be distributed in Singapore to "accredited investors" and "institutional investors" 
as defined in the Securities and Futures Act 2001, as amended from time to time ("SFA").  This Base Prospectus 
and its contents are not available to, directed to and must not be relied upon by persons in Singapore who are not 
"accredited investors" or "institutional investors" including but not limited to retail investors. 
This Base Prospectus and any other document or material issued in connection with the offer or sale of the Notes 
is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content 
of prospectuses would not apply. Investors should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for them. 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the 
"MAS"). Accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Securities may not be circulated or distributed, nor may 
Securities be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly 
or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
SFA) under Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(i) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(ii) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest 
(howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust 
has acquired the Securities pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) or to a relevant person (as defined in 
Section 275(2) of the SFA), or to any person where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 
275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been lodged with the MAS and has not been 
registered with the MAS. Accordingly, each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Securities or 
caused the Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell 
any Securities or cause the Securities to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, the Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Securities, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section

--- Page 738 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
738 
 
 
4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or, (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of 
the SFA) pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
or deemed to agree, that it will comply with (i) any laws, regulations or guidelines applicable in Switzerland (as 
amended from time to time) in relation to the marketing, offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the Securities, or the 
distribution of any marketing or offering material in respect of the Securities, in or from Switzerland. 
Restrictions for distribution of Securities to Retail Clients: 
Securities qualifying as structured products pursuant to Article 70 of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services 
of June 15, 2018 ("FinSA") may be offered to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) pursuant to Article 4 
para. 2 FinSA ("Retail Clients") in, into or from Switzerland only if a key investor document 
(Basisinformationsblatt) relating to the Securities within of Article 58 et seq. FinSA ("FinSA-KID") or a key 
information document pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 and Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2017/653 
("PRIIPs-KID") has been prepared and provided to the relevant Retail Clients. If the Securities are only be offered 
to Retail Clients in the context of permanent asset management mandates, such obligation to provide a FinSA-
KID or a PRIIPs-KID would not apply. 
All clients other than professional clients (professionelle Kunden) and institutional clients (institutionelle 
Kunden), as defined in Article 4 para. 3, 4 and 5 and Article 5 para. 1 and 2 FinSA ("Professional or Institutional 
Clients"), are Retail Clients. Professional or Institutional Clients include: (a) financial intermediaries regulated 
pursuant to the Swiss Federal Banking Act of November 8, 1934, the Swiss Federal Financial Institutions Act of 
June 15, 2018 ("FinIA") or the CISA; (b) regulated insurance undertakings pursuant to the Swiss Federal 
Insurance Supervision Act of December 17, 2004; (c) foreign financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings 
subject to a similar prudential supervision as the financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings pursuant to 
(a) and (b); (d) central banks; (e) public entities with professional treasury operations; (f) pension funds and 
occupational pension schemes with professional treasury operations; (g) undertakings with professional treasury 
operations; (h) large companies that exceed two of the following thresholds: (i) a balance sheet total of CHF 20 
million, (ii) turnover of CHF 40 million, and/or (iii) own capital of CHF 2 million; (i) private investment structures 
for high-net worth individuals with professional treasury operations; and (j) Opting-out Clients. 
An "Opting-out Client" (vermögende Privatkundinnen und -kunden) is a Retail Client who confirms (i) that, 
based on the education/professional experience or based on comparable experience in the financial sector, he/she/it 
has the necessary knowledge to understand the risks resulting from an investment in the Securities and who owns, 
directly or indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 500,000, or (ii) that he/she/it owns, directly or 
indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 2 million. 
Approval of prospectus for public offering: 
If and to the extent the Securities will be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning 
of the FinSA, or if the Securities are admitted to trading to a Swiss trading venue (e.g. SIX Swiss Exchange), the 
publication of a prospectus satisfying the requirements of Article 40 et seq. FinSA would be required. Such 
requirement may be met on the basis of (i) an automatic recognition of this Base Prospectus in Switzerland under 
the rules of the FinSA by way of a notification of, and a registration of the Base Prospectus with, a reviewing 
body (Prüfstelle) within the meaning of Article 52 FinSA (a "Swiss Reviewing Body") and (ii) depositing the 
relevant Final Terms with the Swiss Reviewing Body. Such a registration pursuant to (i) would be possible for a 
Base Prospectus that is approved by the by the Central Bank of Ireland, for offerings to retail investors, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), i.e. for any Securities 
other than Exempt Securities. 
Except where the Base Prospectus is registered with a Swiss Reviewing Body under the rules of the FinSA, neither 
this Programme nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Programme nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Securities may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland, unless the 
requirements of FinSA and FinSO for such public distribution are complied with.

--- Page 739 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
739 
 
 
Without a registration of the Base Prospectus with a Swiss Reviewing Body pursuant to the rules of the FinSA, 
the Securities may only be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland if the 
Securities (a.) are addressed solely at investors classified as Professional or Institutional Clients; (b.) are addressed 
at fewer than 500 Retail Clients; (c.) are addressed at investors acquiring securities to the value of at least 
CHF 100,000; (d.) have a minimum denomination per unit of CHF 100,000; or (e.) do not exceed a total value of 
CHF 8 million over a 12-month period. 
Taiwan 
The Securities may not be sold offered or issued to Taiwan resident investors or in Taiwan unless they are made 
available (A) outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan (either directly or through licensed 
intermediaries) so long as no solicitation, marketing, selling and distribution or other similar activities take place 
in Taiwan and/or (B) in Taiwan through bank trust departments and licensed securities brokers pursuant to the 
Taiwan Regulations Governing Offshore Structured Products and any other applicable laws and regulations of 
Taiwan. 
The Bahamas 
This Prospectus has not been registered with the Securities Commission of The Bahamas, nor have any 
applications been made to exempt such offer from the filing of a prospectus with the Securities Commission of 
The Bahamas under the Securities Industries Act, 2011. The Securities may not be offered or sold in or from 
within The Bahamas unless the offer or sale is made by a person appropriately licensed or registered to conduct 
securities business in or from within The Bahamas. The Securities may not be offered or sold to persons or entities 
deemed resident in The Bahamas pursuant to the Exchange Control Regulations, 1956 of The Bahamas unless the 
prior approval of the Exchange Control Department of the Central Bank of The Bahamas is obtained. No 
distribution of the Securities may be made in The Bahamas unless a preliminary prospectus and a prospectus have 
been filed with the Securities Commission of The Bahamas (the "Securities Commission") and the Securities 
Commission has issued a receipt for each document, unless such offering is exempted pursuant to the Securities 
Industry Act, 2011 and the Securities Industry Regulations, 2012, in which case additional filing and reporting 
obligations under Bahamian law may be triggered. 
Turkey 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that no information in this Base Prospectus is provided for the purpose of offering, 
marketing and sale by any means of any capital market instruments in the Republic of Turkey. Therefore, this 
Base Prospectus may not be considered as an offer made or to be made to residents of the Republic of Turkey. 
Accordingly neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering material related to the offering may be used in 
connection with any offering to the public within the Republic of Turkey without the prior approval of the Turkish 
Capital Market Board. However, according to article 15 (d) (ii) of the Decree No.32 there is no restriction on the 
purchase or sale of the offered securities by residents of the Republic of Turkey, provided that: they purchase or 
sell such offered securities in the financial markets outside of the Republic of Turkey on an unsolicited (reverse 
inquiry) basis; and such sale and purchase is made through banks, and/or licensed brokerage institutions authorised 
by the Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency of Turkey or licensed brokerage institutions authorised 
pursuant to the regulations of the Turkish Capital Market Board and the considerations of the purchase of such 
securities is transferred through such licensed banks operating in the Republic of Turkey. As such, Turkish 
residents should use such licensed banks or licensed brokerage institutions when purchasing the Securities and 
should transfer the purchase price through such licensed banks operating in the Republic of Turkey. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
With regard to each Tranche of Securities in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" will 
be selected to be "applicable" in Part A of the applicable Issue Terms the following restrictions apply: 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as

--- Page 740 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
740 
 
 
completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Proespectus Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
With regard to each Tranche of Securities in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" will 
be selected to be "Not applicable" in Part A of the applicable Issue Terms the following restrictions apply: 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom except that it may 
make an offer of such Securities to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the "FSMA"), 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Securities 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Securities having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of

--- Page 741 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
741 
 
 
their businesses where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 
19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not or, in the case of the Guarantor, would not 
if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Uruguay 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Securities may only be placed in Uruguay relying on a private placement exemption 
pursuant to section 2 of Law number 18,627. The Securities are not and will not be registered with the Financial 
Services Superintendence of the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in Uruguay. 
Venezuela 
No public offering of Securities has been authorised by the National Securities Superintendence 
(Superintendencia Nacional de Valores -"SNV"). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that (i) it shall not offer and/or sell 
Securities in Venezuela by means of a public offering, without obtaining the prior authorisation of SNV in 
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Securities Markets Act of December 30, 2015 (Decreto Ley de 
Mercado de Valores) and (ii) any offer has not been and will not be made available to the public, without the prior 
authorisation of SNV. 
Sales outside EEA and UK only 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Sales outside EEA and UK only" as "Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Securities are not intended to be offered, distributed or sold to any investor in the 
European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom, and that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any investor in the 
European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom. 
Additional Selling Restrictions 
In connection with an offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Exempt Securities, additional selling restrictions 
may be imposed which will be set out in the Pricing Supplement 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF SECURITIES 
Restrictions on Non-exempt offers of Securities in relevant Member States 
Certain Tranches of Securities with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation 
to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a "Non-exempt Offer". This Base Prospectus has been 
prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Securities in each Member State in relation to which the 
Issuer has given its consent as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each specified Member State a "Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdiction" and together the "Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions"). Any person making or 
intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Securities on the basis of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the 
Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5 
of the Prospectus Regulation" and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent.

--- Page 742 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
742 
 
 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, 
the making of any Non-exempt Offer of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of such Securities, the Issuer and the Guarantor each accept responsibility, 
in each of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the consent of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person 
(an "Investor") who purchases any Securities in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror 
(as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied 
with. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Conditions to Consent" below. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements 
in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or the Dealers has any responsibility or liability for 
the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has 
authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use 
of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Securities. Any 
Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to 
such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Securities by a person who is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the 
purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about 
whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Securities and subject to the conditions set out below under "Conditions to 
Consent" the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Securities by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) stated in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose name 
is published on the Guarantor's website (www.bbva.com ) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in 
respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above are together the "Authorised Offerors" 
and each an "Authorised Offeror". 
Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer are that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
only extends (as at the date of this Base Prospectus) to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-
exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Securities in a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 743 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
 
743 
 
 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the only relevant Member State which may, in respect of any Tranche of 
Securities, be specified in the applicable Final Terms (if any relevant Member States are so specified) as indicated 
in paragraph (ii) above, will be Ireland, Portugal, Italy and France and accordingly each Tranche of Securities 
may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in Ireland, Portugal, Italy and France, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY SECURITIES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF 
SUCH SECURITIES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN 
RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL NOT 
BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE SECURITIES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. 
THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT 
THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR OR, FOR THE 
AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN 
INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY SECURITIES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR SHOULD BE AWARE THAT 
INFORMATION ON THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER BY ANY 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR SHALL BE PROVIDED AT THE TIME OF THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER 
BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR. ANY AUTHORISED OFFEROR USING THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS FOR THE SECURITIES CONCERNED FOR THE PURPOSE OF ANY OFFERING 
MUST STATE ON ITS WEBSITE THAT IT USES THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE CONSENT GIVEN AND THE CONDITIONS ATTACHED THERETO. 
Non-Exempt Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Securities to be offered pursuant to a Non-Exempt Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue Price specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the relevant 
Dealer at the time of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on prevailing market 
conditions at that time. The offer price at which the Authorised Offeror will offer such Securities to the Investor 
will be the Issue Price or (where agreed with the relevant Dealer) such other price as may be agreed between an 
Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Securities to such Investor. Neither the Issuer nor the 
Guarantor will be party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will 
need to look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering 
the Securities to such Investor.

--- Page 744 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
 
 
 
744 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
In relation with BBVA Global Markets B.V., the update of the Programme and the issue of Securities 
have been duly authorised by resolutions of the sole shareholder of BBVA Global Markets B.V. and of 
the Directors of BBVA Global Markets B.V. dated June 20, 2024. The giving of the Guarantee has been 
duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor dated on June 20, 2024. 
In relation with BBVA Global Securities B.V., the update of the Programme and the issue of Securities 
have been duly authorised by resolutions of the sole shareholder of BBVA Global Securities B.V. and of 
the Directors of BBVA Global Securities B.V. dated June 20, 2024. The giving of the Guarantee has 
been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor dated on June 20, 2024. 
2. 
Listing of Securities 
As the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
Application has been made by BBVA Global Markets B.V. to Euronext Dublin for certain 
Securities issued by BBVA Global Markets B.V. to be admitted to the Official List and for the 
securities to be admitted to trading on its regulated market. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank, as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. 
(ii) 
Application has been made to the Vienna Stock Exchange for certain Securities issued under 
the Programme during the period of twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
listed and admitted to trading on the Vienna MTF. 
(iii) 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. has notes of the same class as the notes to be issued under the 
Programme listed on the following markets: Euronext Dublin, AIAF, the Vienna MTF of the 
Vienna Stock Exchange and Taipei Stock Exchange and BBVA Global Securities B.V. has 
securities of the same class as the securities to be issued under the Programme listed on the 
Vienna MTF of the Vienna Stock Exchange. 
Application may also be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. MOT. Application may also 
be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading and/or to be listed 
on the multilateral trading facilities of SeDeX, Euro TLX and the Nordic Growth Market NGM 
AB (Sweden), Nordic Growth Market NGM AB (Finland) Taipei Stock Exchange and/or any 
other Stock Exchange specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
3(a)(2) Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange or quotation system in the United States. 
3. 
Documents Available 
For twelve months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-
investors/programas/structured-medium-term-note/ in the case of the documents listed at paragraphs 
(viii) and (ix) or, in the case of the documents listed at paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi) and (vii) 
below, on the indicated websites below. : 
(i) 
the Deed of Incorporation including the articles of association of each Issuer and the bylaws 
(with 
an 
English 
translation 
thereof) 
of 
each 
Issuer 
and 
the 
Guarantor 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-investors/issuing-companies/);

--- Page 745 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
745 
 
 
(ii) 
the audited financial statements of BBVA Global Markets B.V. for the financial years ended 
December 
31, 
2023 
https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/BBVA-Global-Markets-Memoria-2023.pdf and December 31, 2022 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/BBVA-Global-
Markets-Memoria-2022_PDF.pdf); 
(iii) 
the audited financial statements of BBVA Global Securities B.V. for the financial years ended 
December 
31, 
2023 
https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/BBVA-Global-Securities-Memoria-2023.pdf and December 31, 2022 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/Memoria-BBVA-
Global-Securities_2022.pdf); 
(iv) 
the unaudited interim report of the Guarantor corresponding to the three month period ended 
March 31, 2024, the audited consolidated financial statements in respect of the financial years 
ended on December 31, 2023  (which includes for comparison purposes financial data for the 
years 
ended 
on 
December 
31, 
2022 
and 
on 
December 
31, 
2021) 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/BBVA-Group-
Consolidated-financial-statements-and-Management-Report-2023.pdf) and December 31, 
2022, with an English translation thereof, together with the audit report prepared in connection 
therewith 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/5_2_2022_Consolidated_Annual_Accounts_and_Management_Rep
ort.pdf); 
(v) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
and BBVA Global Securities B.V. (if any) and the Guarantor and the most recently published 
condensed interim consolidated financial statements (if any) of BBVA Global Markets B.V., 
BBVA Global Securities B.V. and the Guarantor (in each case with an English translation 
thereof), in each case together with any audit or review reports prepared in connection therewith. 
The Guarantor currently prepares unaudited interim reports on a quarterly basis and audited 
(under auditing standards generally accepted in Spain) consolidated interim reports on a semi-
annual basis (https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/financials/); 
(vi) 
the 
Guarantees 
(https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-investors/issuing-
companies/); 
(vii) 
the Form 20-F 
(https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/842180/000084218023000010/0000842180-23-
000010-index.htm); 
(viii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(ix) 
any future prospectuses and supplements. 
This Base Prospectus, together with any supplements thereto, will be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin), and will also be available at 
https://shareholdersandinvestors.bbva.com/debt-investors/issuances-programs/. The Issue Terms will be 
published on the exchange where the Securities are admitted to listing and trading. 
4. 
Clearing Systems 
The Securities may be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Securities allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the Issue Terms. In 
addition, application may be made for any Registered Securities to be accepted for trading in book-entry 
form by DTC. The CUSIP and/or CINS numbers for each Tranche of such Registered Securities, together 
with the relevant ISIN and (if applicable) common code, will be specified in the Issue Terms. If Securities 
are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the Issue Terms. The address of CREST is Euroclear UK & International Limited, 33 Cannon 
Street, London, EC4M 5SB.

--- Page 746 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
746 
 
 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II B-120 Brussels and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JK Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States of 
America. 
The Securities may be accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
are entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche 
of Securities allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg. 
If the Securities are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
5. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
6. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, an indication of the yield in respect of such Securities will be specified in the Final Terms. The 
yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Securities on the basis of the Issue Price and on the assumption 
that the Securities are not subject to early redemption or cancellation or, if applicable, no Credit Event 
occurs. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Securities 
and will not be an indication of future yield. 
7. 
Significant or Material Change 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Group since December 31, 2023 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuers since December 31, 2023. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance or the financial position of the Group since March 31, 2024 and there has been no significant 
change in the financial or trading position of the Issuers since December 31, 2023. 
8. 
Litigation 
There are no, and have not been, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding 
the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer. 
As of the date hereof, the Guarantor and its subsidiaries are involved in a number of legal and regulatory 
actions and proceedings in various jurisdictions around the world (including, among others, Spain, 
Mexico and the United States). See "Risk Factors—The Group is party to a number of legal and 
regulatory actions and proceedings." 
9. 
Auditors 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, Cross Towers, Antonio Vivaldistraat 150, 1083 HP Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands audited the accounts of BBVA Global Markets B.V. and BBVA Global Securities B.V. for 
the financial years ended on December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. The auditors are Chartered 
Accountants and a member of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke 
Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
Ernst & Young, S.L. (registered as auditors on the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas), Calle 
Raimundo Fernández Villaverde, 65, 28003, Madrid, Spain audited the Guarantor's financial statements,

--- Page 747 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
747 
 
 
for the financial year ended on December 31, 2023 (which includes for comparison purposes financial 
data for the years ended on December 31, 2022 and 2021 ) prepared in accordance with Bank of Spain 
Circular 4/2017, dated November 27, 2017, and as amended thereafter (in the following, "Circular 
4/2017"), and with any other legislation governing financial reporting applicable to the Guarantor. 
10. 
Post–issuance information 
Save as set out in the Issue Terms, the Issuer does not intend to provide and post-issuance information 
in relation to any issues of Securities. 
11. 
Dealer transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
The Issuer, the Dealer and the Guarantor are part of the same group. Accordingly, these entities engage, 
and will engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and perform other 
services for, the Group in the ordinary course of business. 
12. 
Credit Ratings 
The Programme is rated A by Standard & Poor's Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global") and 
A3 by Moody's Investors Services España, S.A. ("Moody's"). The Guarantor has been rated A by S&P 
Global, A3 by Moody's and A- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
has been rated A by S&P Global and A3 by Moody's. BBVA Global Securities B.V. has been rated A3 
by Moody's. Each of S&P Global, Moody's and Fitch is established in the European Union and is 
registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, each of S&P Global, Moody's and Fitch is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance 
with such CRA Regulation. Securities issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Securities is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Issue Terms and will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Credit Ratings stated above have the following meanings according to the relevant rating agencies: 
S&P Global 
An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more 
susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in 
higher-rated categories. 
An 
S&P 
Global 
negative 
outlook 
means 
that 
a 
rating 
may 
be 
lowered. 
(Source: 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-/view/sourceId/504352). 
Moody's 
Obligations rated "A" are considered upper-medium-grade and are subject to low credit risk. (Source: 
https://www.moodys.com/Pages/amr002002.aspx?stop_mobi=yes). 
Fitch 
"A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments 
is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or 
economic 
conditions 
than 
is 
the 
case 
for 
higher 
ratings. 
(Source: 
https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions#rating-scales). 
13. 
Important information 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg" 
and, together with Euroclear, the "European Clearing Systems") have arranged certain procedures to

--- Page 748 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
748 
 
 
facilitate the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Principal Paying Agent (as defined on page 85) in the 
collection of the details referred to under "Spanish Tax Rules" from holders of the Securities. If any 
European Clearing System is, in the future, unable to facilitate the collection of such information, it may 
decline to allow any or all Series of the Securities to be cleared through such European Clearing System 
and this may affect the liquidity of such Securities. Provisions have been made for the Securities, in such 
a case, to be represented by definitive Securities (see "Form of Securities"). The procedures agreed and 
described in the Agency Agreement dated June 23, 2022 (the "Agency Agreement") may, in the future, 
be amended to comply with Spanish tax law and regulations and operational procedures of the European 
Clearing Systems. The Guarantor and the Issuer may from time to time, at their discretion, appoint an 
agent to intermediate with the European Clearing Systems in the provision of such information. Details 
of any such appointment will be set out in the Issue Terms. 
In the case of any Securities which are held in The Depository Trust Company ("DTC"), the Issuer and 
the Guarantor may agree procedures with DTC and, if necessary, an intermediary agent appointed by the 
Issuer and the Guarantor to facilitate the collection of such details. Any such procedures will be 
summarised in the Issue Terms and otherwise made available to holders of the relevant Securities as 
described in the Issue Terms. 
14. 
Presentation of financial information 
Accounting principles 
Under Regulation (EC) no. 1606/2002 of the European Parliament and of the Council of July 19, 2002, 
all companies governed by the law of an EU Member State and whose securities are admitted to trading 
on a regulated market of any Member State must prepare their consolidated financial statements for the 
years beginning on or after January 1, 2005 in conformity with International Financial Reporting 
Standards adopted by the European Union ("EU-IFRS"). The Bank of Spain issued Circular 4/2017, of 
November 27, 2017 on Public and Confidential Financial Reporting Rules and Formats, which requires 
Spanish credit institutions to adapt their accounting system to the principles derived from the adoption 
by the European Union of EU-IFRS. 
BBVA's consolidated financial statements as at and for each of the years ending December 31, 2023 and 
December 31, 2022 (the "Consolidated Financial Statements"), have been prepared in accordance with 
EU-IFRS reflecting Circular 4/2017 and any other legislation governing financial reporting applicable to 
the Group and in compliance with the International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board ("IFRS-IASB"). 
The financial statements of BBVA Global Markets B.V. and BBVA Global Securities B.V. as at and for 
each of the years ending December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 have been prepared in accordance 
with EU-IFRS and with Part 9 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. 
• 
"EUR", "euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended; 
• 
"US dollars", "US$" and "$" refer to United States dollars; and 
• 
"GBP" and "£" refer to pounds sterling. 
Financial information 
The following principles should be noted in reviewing the financial information contained in this Base 
Prospectus: 
• 
Unless otherwise stated, any reference to loans refers to both loans and advances. 
• 
Interest income figures, when used, do not include interest income on non-accruing loans to the 
extent that cash payments have been received in the period in which they are due.

--- Page 749 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
 
749 
 
 
• 
Financial information with respect to segments or subsidiaries may not reflect consolidation 
adjustments. 
• 
Certain numerical information in this Base Prospectus may not compute due to rounding. In 
addition, information regarding period-to-period changes is based on numbers which have not 
been rounded.

--- Page 750 ---
750 
 
 
 
ISSUERS 
BBVA Global Markets B.V. 
Calle Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
BBVA Global Securities B.V. 
Calle Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
GUARANTOR 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Plaza de San Nicolas, 4 
48005 Bilbao 
Spain 
 
 
NEW YORK BRANCH 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., New York Branch 
1345 Avenue of the Americas, 44th Floor 
New York, New York 10105 
United States of America 
 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Azul, 4 
28050, Madrid 
Spain 
 
BBVA Securities Inc. 
1345 Avenue of the Americas, 44th Floor 
New York, New York 10105 
United States of America

--- Page 751 ---
751 
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
CALCULATION AGENT AND DELIVERY AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
21 Moorfields  
Calle Azul, 4 
London EC2Y 9DB 
28050 Madrid 
United Kingdom 
Spain 
 
 
 
 
U.S. PAYING AGENT, NEW YORK REGISTRAR, 
EXCHANGE AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
LUXEMBOURG REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER 
AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
240 Greenwich Street, New York,  
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
New York 10286 
L-1115 Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
United States 
 
 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR 
As to Spanish law as to English law and as to United States law: 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
AUDITORS TO THE GUARANTOR 
for the financial years ended December 31, 2022 and 
December 31, 2023 
for the financial years ended December 31, 2022 and 
December 31, 2023 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Ernst & Young Accountants S.L. 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
Calle Raimundo Fernández Villaverde, 65 
1083 HP Amsterdam 
28003 Madrid 
The Netherlands 
Spain