--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BELFIUS BANK SA/NV 
(Incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Belgium) 
Issuer 
Programme for the continuous issuance of “bons de 
caisse/kasbons” (“Savings Certificates”)  
Under the savings certificates issuance programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the 
“Base Prospectus”), Belfius Bank SA/NV (with legal entity identifier (“LEI”) A5GWLFH3KM7YV2SFQL84) 
(also named Belfius Banque SA/Belfius Bank NV, “Belfius Bank” or referred to as the “Issuer” herein) may on 
a continuous basis, issue “bons de caisse/kasbons” (“Savings Certificates”), that rank as senior preferred 
obligations of the Issuer. 
Final terms (“Final Terms”) will document each Category (as defined below) of Savings Certificates issued under 
the Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference 
(see Section 5 of this Base Prospectus). This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any 
amendments or supplements hereto and, in relation to any Category of Savings Certificates, should be read and 
construed in conjunction with each relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus (as amended or supplemented from time to time and including all documents incorporated 
by reference therein) and the relevant Final Terms together constitute the prospectus for each Category of Savings 
Certificates.  
Any decision to invest in the Savings Certificates should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a 
whole and the relevant Final Terms. 
The Savings Certificates shall be Debt Securities as referred to in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 
809/2004, as amended (herein referred to as “Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980”). Debt 
Securities are debt instruments for which the Issuer commits itself to redeem the principal invested at maturity.  
The Savings Certificates will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with Articles 7:35 et seq. of the 
Belgian Code of Companies and Associations.  
Savings Certificates issued under this Base Prospectus constitute unsecured debt instruments. In case of insolvency 
or default by the Issuer, investors may not recover all amounts they are entitled to and risk losing all or a part of 
their investment. Investing in the Savings Certificates issued under this Base Prospectus involves certain risks and 
may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each prospective investor must carefully consider whether it is 
suitable for that investor to invest in the Savings Certificates in light of its knowledge and financial experience and 
should, if required, obtain professional advice. Prospective investors should read the Base Prospectus in its entirety 
and, in particular, the risk factors described under Section 2 (Risk Factors) before making an investment decision 
in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the Savings 
Certificates. 
In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and 
other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Savings Certificates, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Savings Certificates and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Savings Certificates and the impact the Savings Certificates will 
have on its overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 2 ---
2 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Savings 
Certificates; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Savings Certificates and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Savings Certificates are legal 
investments for it, (ii) Savings Certificates can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Savings Certificates. Financial institutions should consult their 
legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Savings Certificates under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
This Base Prospectus was approved by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (“FSMA”) on 6 
December 2023 as competent authority under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) 
and is valid for one year from that date, provided that this Base Prospectus may be updated by any supplements in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus shall be valid for a period of one 
year from its date of approval, being until 6 December 2024. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. Offers of Savings Certificates can still be made under this Base Prospectus after 6 
December 2024 and the base prospectus shall remain valid for such purposes, if an exemption from the requirement 
to draw up a prospectus in respect of such offers applies in accordance with the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 (the 
“Prospectus Law”). 
Where this Base Prospectus contains hyperlinks to websites, the information on the websites does not form part 
of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
FSMA, except for information that is incorporated by reference in accordance with Section 5 of this Base 
Prospectus.  
The long-term ratings of Belfius Bank as at the date of this Base Prospectus are A1 (Moody’s), A (Standard & 
Poor’s) and A- (Fitch). A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. An outlook is not necessarily a 
precursor of a rating change or future credit watch action. In case of any rating action by any of the rating agencies, 
the most recent credit ratings of Belfius Bank are always published on Belfius’1 website, at the following address: 
https://www.belfius.be/about-us/en/investors/ratings. The information on this section of the website does not form 
part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the FSMA. 
Each of Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch is established in the European Union and is, on the date of this  
Base Prospectus, included in the updated list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, 
as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) published on the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”)’s 
website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be made available 
on Belfius’ website in English, together with a summary in Dutch (belfius.be/kasbon) and in French 
(belfius.be/bondecaisse) and a copy will be able to be obtained free of charge in the offices of the Issuer. The 
information on this website does not form part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA, except for information that is incorporated by reference 
in accordance with Section 5 of this Base Prospectus. 
Pursuant to article 8.8 of the Prospectus Regulation, a summary shall be drawn up once the Final Terms are 
included in this Base Prospectus or in a supplement to the Base Prospectus or are prepared separately, and that 
summary shall be specific to the individual issue. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Savings Certificates and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer. Neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, 
 
1 
Belfius Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to herein as “Belfius”.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Base Prospectus is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, 
the date indicated in the document containing the same. If at any time during the life of the Base Prospectus the 
Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer 
will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the Issuer’s 
business strategies, trends in its business, competition and competitive advantage, regulatory changes, and 
restructuring plans. Words such as believes, expects, projects, anticipates, seeks, estimates, intends, plans or 
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of 
identifying such statements. The Issuer does not intend to update these forward-looking statements except as may 
be required by applicable securities laws. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks 
and uncertainties, both general and specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other 
outcomes described or implied in forward-looking statements will not be achieved. A number of important factors 
could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, 
expectations, estimates and intentions expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors include: (i) the 
ability to maintain sufficient liquidity and access to capital markets; (ii) market and interest rate fluctuations; (iii) 
the strength of the global economy in general and the strength of the economies of the countries in which the Issuer 
conduct operations; (iv) the potential impact of sovereign risk, particularly in certain European Union countries 
which have in the past come under market pressure; (v) adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies; (vi) the 
ability of counterparties to meet their obligations to the Issuer; (vii) the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, monetary, 
trade and tax policies, and currency fluctuations; (viii) the possibility of the imposition of foreign exchange 
controls by government and monetary authorities; (ix) operational factors, such as systems failure, human error, 
or the failure to implement procedures properly; (x) actions taken by regulators with respect to the Issuer’s business 
and practices in one or more of the countries in which the Issuer conducts operations; (xi) the adverse resolution 
of litigation and other contingencies; (xii) the impact of events such as the Covid-19 pandemic, the conflict in 
Ukraine and the recent adverse developments in the banking sector (such as the events related to the US banks 
Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank and the forced takeover of the Swiss bank Credit Suisse by UBS in March 
2023) on the operations and financial position of the Issuer; and (xiii) the Issuer’s success at managing the risks 
involved in the foregoing. The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive. When evaluating forward-
looking statements, investors should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, 
as well as the other risks identified in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a result, when 
those amounts and percentages are added up, they may not total. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Savings Certificates may be restricted by law 
in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that 
the Savings Certificates may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. Accordingly, the Savings Certificates may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or the 
Savings Certificates may come are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of the Savings Certificates. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of the Savings Certificates and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see “Terms and Conditions of the Offer”. 
This Base Prospectus was approved by the FSMA on 6 December 2023 as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation. This approval does not entail any appraisal of 
the appropriateness or the merits of any issue under the Programme nor of the situation of the Issuer. The FSMA only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
1. 
TABLE 
OF 
CONTENTS 
AND 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
Contents 
1. TABLE OF CONTENTS ..................................................................................................................................... 4 
2. RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................. 7 
2.1. Risks related to Belfius Bank ........................................................................................................................ 8 
2.3. Risks related to the Savings Certificates ..................................................................................................... 22 
3. CHOICES MADE BY THE ISSUER ................................................................................................................ 27 
4. RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT ................................................................................................................... 28 
5. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................... 29 
6. BELFIUS BANK SA/NV ................................................................................................................................ 32 
6.1. Belfius Bank profile .................................................................................................................................... 32 
6.2. Simplified group structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus ............................................................... 33 
6.3. Main commercial subsidiaries..................................................................................................................... 33 
6.4. Financial results .......................................................................................................................................... 34 
6.5. Minimum CET 1 requirements (SREP) ...................................................................................................... 38 
6.6. Activities ..................................................................................................................................................... 39 
6.7. Non adjusting post-balance sheet events ..................................................................................................... 43 
6.8. Risk Management ....................................................................................................................................... 43 
6.9. Ratings ........................................................................................................................................................ 63 
6.10. Other information ...................................................................................................................................... 64 
6.11. Litigation ................................................................................................................................................... 64 
6.12. Management and Supervision of Belfius Bank ......................................................................................... 66 
6.13. Selected Financial Information ................................................................................................................. 77 
7. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SAVINGS CERTIFICATES AND FORM OF FINAL TERMS ....... 81 
8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER ............................................................................................... 91 
9. ADMISSION TO TRADING AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS .............................................................. 93 
10. USE OF PROCEEDS ...................................................................................................................................... 94 
11. THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, EXPERT STATEMENTS AND DECLARATIONS .............................. 95 
12. DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY ........................................................................................................................ 96 
 
Annex 1: Articles of Association ........................................................................................................................... 97 
Belfius Bank ...................................................................................................................................................... 97

--- Page 5 ---
5 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This overview constitutes a general description of each of the Programmes for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus 
to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and 
repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004, as amended. It summarises the main terms applicable to 
respectively the Savings Certificates issued under the Programme pursuant to the relevant terms and conditions 
set out in this Base Prospectus (the “Conditions”) and the relevant final terms based on the form set out in this 
Base Prospectus (the “Final Terms”). 
This overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder 
of, this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and, in relation to the terms 
and conditions of any particular Category of Savings Certificates, the applicable Final Terms. 
Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall bear the meanings ascribed to them in the 
Conditions, as the context may require. 
PROGRAMME OVERVIEW 
Information relating to the Issuer 
Issuer 
Belfius Bank SA/NV (the “Issuer” or “Belfius Bank”) is a limited liability 
company of unlimited duration incorporated under Belgian law, licensed as a 
Belgian credit institution and registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises 
under business identification number 0403.201.185. Its registered office is at 1210 
Brussels, Place Charles Rogier 11, Belgium, telephone +32 22 22 11 11. 
Website of the Issuer 
www.belfius.be 
The information on this website does not form part of, and is not incorporated by 
reference into, this Base Prospectus, except where that information has been 
expressly incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Issuer’s legal entity 
identifier (LEI) 
A5GWLFH3KM7YV2SFQL84 
Information relating to the Programme 
Description 
The Programme is a programme for the continuous offer of bons de caisse/kasbons 
(the “Savings Certificates”). 
Savings Certificates 
The Savings Certificates shall be Debt Securities as referred to in the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the 
format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and 
repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004, as amended (herein referred 
to as “Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980”). Debt Securities are 
debt instruments for which the Issuer commits itself to redeem the principal 
invested at maturity.  
The Savings Certificates will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with 
Articles 7:35 et seq. of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations.  
Status and ranking of the 
Savings Certificates and 
Deposit Protection 
The Savings Certificates are direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank without any preference among themselves, with all other 
obligations of the Issuer of the same category, only to the extent permitted by laws 
relating to creditor’s rights. This category can be seen as the “ordinary creditors” 
and may be qualified as “preferred senior creditors”, being the creditors related 
under Article 389/1, 1° of the banking law. Such creditors have a higher priority

--- Page 6 ---
6 
ranking than the so-called “non-preferred senior” creditors defined under Article 
389/1, 2° of the Banking law. 
The Savings Certificates represent debt obligations of the Issuer and do not form 
part of the capital or own funds of the Issuer. The holder of the Savings Certificates 
has a contractual claim (receivable) against the Issuer for the repayment of the 
principal amount of the Savings Certificates at the conditions as set out in these 
Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
The Savings Certificates benefit from a protection under the Belgian deposit 
protection scheme granted by the Belgian Guarantee Fund (Garantiefonds/Fonds 
de Garantie), subject to a limitation of EUR 100,000 (it being understood that this 
limitation applies to all deposits, including Savings Certificates, with a financial 
institution, held by a depositor). 
For amounts not protected by the deposit protection scheme, the Bail-In Power  
shall apply. 
In accordance with and subject to the conditions set out therein Article 389 § 2 of 
the Banking Law, “eligible deposits” held by individuals (physical persons) and 
small and medium enterprises  including Savings Certificates benefit from a special 
priority lien on all assets of the Issuer for the amounts in excess of the amount 
covered by the deposit protection scheme (such lien ranking after the lien for the 
benefit of the Belgian Guarantee Fund for claims in the amounts covered by the 
deposit protection scheme). 
Cross-Acceleration 
None. 
Cross-Default 
None. 
Negative Pledge 
None. 
Information relating to the Savings Certificates issued under this Base Prospectus 
Form of Savings 
Certificates 
The Savings Certificates are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with 
article 7:35 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Association (“BCCA”). 
The Savings Certificates are registered in a securities account held by the holder of 
the Savings Certificates. 
A conversion of Savings Certificates in dematerialised form into registered form 
(and vice versa) can always be requested by the relevant holder. 
The Issuer is a recognised account holder for purposes article 7:35 BCCA and acts 
as the head of pyramid in respect of the Savings Certificates issued by it. The Issuer 
centralises all operations with respect to the Savings Certificates, such as the 
payment of interest and redemption payments, also if the relevant Savings 
Certificates would have been transferred by the holder to another financial 
institution for custody. 
Method of Issue 
The Savings Certificates will be issued in categories (each a “Category”) having 
the same characteristics with respect to maturity and interest rates.  
Selling Restrictions 
General, United States, United Kingdom. See Section 8. “Subscription and Sale”. 
Issue Price 
Savings Certificates will be issued at their principal amount. 
Delivery of Savings 
Certificates 
Savings Certificates will be credited to the securities accounts held by the investor 
with the Issuer. 
Currencies 
EUR. 
Maturities 
As set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption 
The maturity date (“Maturity Date”) of each Savings Certificate is as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of the relevant Category of Savings Certificate.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
The Savings Certificates shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date. The Savings 
Certificates are repaid at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount. The Savings 
Certificates are repaid in euro on the cash account linked to the securities account 
of the holder at the Issuer.  
No early repayment of the Savings Certificates can be requested by the holders or 
be made by the Issuer. 
Specified Denomination 
The minimum investment in a Savings Certificate is EUR 250. 
Interest Periods and 
Rates of Interest 
As set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Governing Law 
The Savings Certificates will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Belgian law. 
Type of Savings 
Certificates 
Savings Certificates with interest distribution and interest capitalization can be 
issued.  
Ratings 
As at 6 December 2023, Belfius Bank had the following long-term ratings: A- 
(stable outlook) with Fitch, A1 (positive outlook) with Moody’s and A (stable 
outlook) with Standard & Poor’s. No ratings are assigned to the Savings 
Certificates. 
Tax Gross-up 
Investors should be aware that pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Savings 
Certificates there are no gross-up payments in respect of the Savings Certificates. 
This means that if additional taxes are imposed in respect of the Savings 
Certificates, there is no obligation for the Issuer to compensate the investors for any 
additional tax charge that they would incur as a result of such additional taxes. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
The Savings Certificates will not be listed and will not be admitted to trading. 
Use of Proceeds 
General corporate purposes of the Issuer. 
 
2. RISK FACTORS 
(Annex 6.3 and 14.2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980) 
The following section sets out certain aspects of the offering of the Savings Certificates of which prospective 
investors should be aware of. 
An investment in the Savings Certificates involves a degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider 
the risks set forth below and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus (including information 
incorporated by reference herein) before making any investment decision in respect of the Savings Certificates. 
The risks described below are risks which the Issuer believes may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
financial condition and the results of its operations, the value of the Savings Certificates or the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Savings Certificates. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur. Additional risks and uncertainties, including those of which the Issuer is not currently aware or deems 
immaterial, may also potentially have an adverse effect on the relevant Issuer’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition or future prospectus or may result in other events that could cause investors to lose all or part 
of their investment. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
the Savings Certificates are also described below. The Issuer has assessed the most material risks, taking into 
account the negative impact (including any relevant mitigation measures) of such risks on the Issuer and the 
probability of their occurrence (“Global Criticality”). Each risk factor relating to the Issuer is followed by the

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Issuer’s assessment of whether such Global Criticality can be assessed as high, medium or low. Investors should 
note that the numbering of the risk factors is only included to enhance readability and does not reflect a specific 
order of the risk factors. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Savings Certificates, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection 
with any Savings Certificates  may occur for other reasons which are not known to the Issuer or which the Issuer 
deems immaterial at this time. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents deemed to be incorporated in it by reference) and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. 
In case of doubt in respect of the risks associated with the Savings Certificates and in order to assess their adequacy 
with their personal risk profile, investors should consult their own financial, legal, accounting and tax experts 
about the risks associated with an investment in these Savings Certificates, the appropriate tools to analyse that 
investment, and the suitability of that investment in each investor’s particular circumstances. No investor should 
purchase the Savings Certificates described in this Base Prospectus unless that investor understands and has 
sufficient financial resources to bear the price, market, liquidity, structure, redemption and other risks associated 
with an investment in these Savings Certificates. The market value of the Savings Certificates is expected to 
fluctuate over time, and investors should be prepared to assume the market risks associated with these Savings 
Certificates. 
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall bear the meaning ascribed to them in the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Savings Certificates” below. Any reference to any code, law, decree, regulation, directive or 
any implementing or other legislative measure shall be construed as a reference to such code, law, decree, 
regulation, directive or implementing or other legislative measure as the same may be amended, supplemented, 
restated or replaced from time to time. 
2.1. Risks related to Belfius Bank 
2.1.1. Risks related to the Financial Situation and Business Activity 
2.1.1.1. Macro & geopolitical situation (Global Criticality: High) 
The risks linked to the macro & geopolitical situation (Global Criticality: High) can have an influence on the risks 
described hereafter under the uncertain environment presented in the next paragraph. 
Uncertainty and the resulting volatility from the macroeconomic and geopolitical factors have dominated the 
course of 2022, considerably weakening the post-pandemic recovery of the Belgian economy. Inflation has risen 
sharply reaching more than 10% in 2022, reflecting strong post-pandemic demand, supply chain bottlenecks, 
higher energy and food prices, being further fuelled by the rising wage costs and still accommodative monetary 
policies in the first half of the year. Later on, starting from July 2022, the European Central Bank (“ECB”) began 
raising its key interest rates, with the policy tightening aiming to ensure a timely return of inflation to the 2% 
medium-term target, however, at the price of lower aggregate demand and economic growth. Nevertheless, the 
NBB reported an annual gross domestic product (“GDP”) growth of 3.2% for the year. 
Where last year a recession in 2023 seemed almost unavoidable as monetary policy tightened in rapid fashion to 
curb the inflationary spiral, this year the economic situation became slightly less gloomy with economic growth 
showing a positive pace, although at a slower rhythm. In the eurozone, GDP fell 0.1% in the first quarter of 2023 
but grew by 0.3% in the second quarter, and Belgian GDP showed quarterly growth of 0.4% in the first quarter 
and 0.2% in the second quarter, according to the NBB. Inflation and price pressures moderated in 2023 driven by 
the sharp fall of natural gas prices.  
Nevertheless, economic slowdown in Germany and some other countries was evidenced. In order to drive back 
longer-term inflation expectations, central banks continued tightening monetary policies. Higher interest rates

--- Page 9 ---
9 
affected lending growth and slowed demand, in particular on real estate markets. The financial turmoil caused by 
the liquidity problems of some US financial institutions in March 2023, with the collapse of three regional US 
banks (being Silicon Valley Bank, Silvergate Capital Corporation and Signature Bank), and the forced takeover of 
the ailing institution Credit Suisse by UBS in Switzerland had, however, no lasting macroeconomic impact (e.g. 
contagion) on financial markets and did not trouble the economic upturn. For Belfius, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus the direct and indirect impacts have remained limited and the liquidity position under simulated stress 
shows robustness and resilience. Belfius more specifically has no direct exposure towards the three above-
mentioned US banks as at the date of this Base Prospectus, while as at the end of 2022 Belfius had a very limited 
direct exposure to Credit Suisse amounting to a nominal amount of EUR 27.8 million2. 
In the first half of 2023, Belfius again made a detailed review of its credit risk portfolio and continued to calibrate 
its IFRS9 provisions. Belfius continues to evolve its credit risk provisioning in synchronization with such 
transforming context, where inflationary pressures remain persistent, and where economic growth continues to 
show more resilience than formerly anticipated in general. 
Belfius’ loan portfolios continued to demonstrate a strong resilience with risk indicators that remain robust. The 
credit quality of the portfolio and production stayed solid, payments arrears and non-performing loans (“NPLs”) 
remained under control. Bankruptcy levels, particularly for small businesses, showed a slightly increasing trend 
but levels remained below the historically observed levels for the Belgian market. Some other early warning 
indicators for small businesses (payments arrears and utilisation of credit lines) showed a moderate increase during 
the first half of 2023. 
The provisions for expected losses due to the effects of the Covid-crisis, including expert based overlays for some 
Covid-impacted sectors, have been: 
- 
adjusted for improving economic outlooks; and 
- 
redirected from Covid-induced overlays for vulnerable sectors to inflation and energy related vulnerabilities. 
This led in the first half of 2023 to a relatively low cost of risk (“CoR”) of EUR -17 million (net allowance) 
compared to EUR +13 million of net reversal in the first half of 2022. 
In the field of interest rate risk management, the continued increase in interest rates over the first half of 2023 
required proactive risk management in order to manage uncertainties on both sides of the balance sheet. 
The continued increase in interest rates over the first half of 2023 had an overall positive impact on Belfius’ 
standard transformation model. On the one hand, the interest to receive on the new production of commercial loans 
started to increase and the interest paid to depositors still remained close to zero for payment accounts and is only 
gradually increasing for savings accounts and term funding for the time being. On the other hand, refinancings and 
prepaying mortgages have become less interesting for the customers. Furthermore, this increase in rates has further 
improved the net collateral cost for derivative contracts used to hedge Belfius’ exposure to interest rate risk. The 
Issuer’s Assets & Liabilities Committee (“ALCo”) will remain attentive to a volatile interest rate environment 
with primary objective to respect the Risk Appetite Framework (“RAF”). ALM conventional models are regularly 
reviewed at the light of the macro-economic environment and prevailing interest rates. During the first half of 
2023, the continued increase in interest rates has modified the expected interest rate sensitivities of the ‘on demand’ 
(or non-maturing) deposits, which triggered additional hedging to remain within Belfius’ risk appetite and forward-
looking challenges based on scenario-thinking and review of model assumptions by risk management and finance 
departments. 
In order to manage its liquidity risk in 2023, Belfius has continued diversifying funding sources and investor base. 
Belfius has successfully issued EUR 0.5 billion Tier 2, EUR 0.5 billion covered bonds, EUR 0.75 billion preferred 
senior under green format and EUR 1 billion preferred senior. The participation of Belfius Bank in the ECB TLTRO 
III funding programme for an amount of EUR 15.65 billion was reduced to EUR 6 billion at the end of 2022, and 
 
2 Under the format of a trade finance guarantee for EUR 2.8 million and a senior bond issued by Credit Suisse AG for EUR 25 million. 
Furthermore, Belfius has collateralised derivatives with Credit Suisse for a fair value of EUR -54 million (fair value as of 17 March 2023). 
Such negative fair value represents a debt owed by Belfius to Credit Suisse, on which Belfius posts cash collateral for that amount.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
in June 2023 another EUR 3.3 billion was repaid. This leads to a residual funding through TLTRO of EUR 2.7 
billion that will continue to expire. In an abundant ECB funding environment and a strong wholesale market, 
Belfius still shows very solid key liquidity metrics at the end of June 2023 with a Liquidity Coverage Ratio of 
156% (end of 2022: 173%) and a Net Stable Funding Ratio of 133% (end of 2022: 135%), both well above the 
minimum requirement of 100%. The recent events of the liquidity outflows of circa EUR 3.5 billion related to the 
issuance of the Bon d’Etat/Staatsbon by the Belgian state have temporarily reduced the liquidity buffer but 
remained under control thanks to the sufficient total liquidity buffer of EUR 45 billion at the onset of outflows and 
actions taken swiftly to ensure that the LCR stays above our internal target of 120% even notwithstanding the part 
covered by the TLTRO. 
In terms of financial market risk (“FMR”), despite high volatilities and risk aversion stemming from abrupt change 
in monetary policy needed to fight inflation, the US regional banks’ crisis and the near collapse of Credit Suisse 
in March 2023, Belfius’ financial market activities were very resilient thanks to reduced exposures due to the 
increase of UK real rate3 in the ex-legacy’s portfolio and enhanced risk frameworks (XvA dynamic hedging, new 
Internal Value at Risk model). Despite some exposures to UK utilities recently coming under heightened market 
pressure, de-risking of the ex-legacy portfolio successfully continues. 
Belfius Insurance has been able to maintain a strong Solvency profile as well in this uncertain year 2023. As of the 
end of June 2023, the consolidated Solvency II (“SII”) ratio ended up with a strong 195%, higher than the Solvency 
II ratio at year-end 2022 (193%). This remained well within Belfius Insurance’s risk appetite (>160%). The 
required capital as per SII capital requirement (SCR) amounted to EUR 1,050 million at the end of June 2023, 
which is EUR 10 million lower compared to end 2022 (EUR 1,060 million). Market risk dropped given the 
performance of our equity portfolio and equity transactions during the second quarter which allowed us to have a 
stable positive evolution of the SII ratio related to equity risk. The SCR linked to interest rate risk is rather limited 
thanks to ALM management, targeting a limited global duration mismatch between assets and liabilities. The life 
insurance risk decreased during the first semester of 2023 mainly due to the annual review of the liability projection 
assumptions 
Given that the situation on the ground in Ukraine remains unpredictable and seems to be heading towards a 
prolonged phase of combat, one has to view these positive signals within a context of continued uncertainty. It is 
probably too early to already conclude that we are in a scenario of a soft landing in light of the ongoing important 
uncertainties, such as the less rapid than expected recovery of the Chinese economy (and impact on supply chains 
and, consequently, on inflation stickiness) or the variability in future European monetary policy (a.o. policy rates, 
asset purchase programmes and reserve requirements). 
In the medium term, in the absence of necessary reforms (e.g. in the labour market), sound(er) energy policy and 
better (geo)political predictability, the competitiveness of more Belgian enterprises could be hurt, jeopardising 
medium term (potential) economic growth in Belgium and impacting households further. On top of that, the higher 
(longer) interest rates could exacerbate the concerns regarding the elevated Belgian fiscal deficit and public debt. 
Any additional adverse geopolitical development or macroeconomic shock could jeopardise the GDP recovery 
trajectory and push Belgian economy into recession. Belfius therefore remains vigilant to any signs of further 
deterioration in economic situation and changes in the macroeconomic conditions (including sudden changes of 
the yield curve) and pays particular attention to potentially in the current situation vulnerable individual, business 
and corporate clients, proactively facilitating solutions for them. 
2.1.1.2 Credit risk (Global Criticality: High) 
Credit risks are inherent to a wide range of Belfius Bank’s businesses and are judged as globally of high criticality 
for which prudent monitoring and mitigating actions are put in place. These include risks arising from changes in 
the credit quality of counterparties, as well as the inability to recover amounts due from counterparties. This means 
 
3 
The real interest rate is the rate of interest an investor, saver or lender receives (or expects to receive) after allowing for inflation. As such 
the “UK real rates” can be seen as the difference between the nominal interest rate levels in GBP (i.e., swap rates) versus the expected 
inflation rates in UK RPI (i.e., inflation swap rates). The exposure of inflation linked bonds in the ex-legacy portfolio is decreasing whenever 
the UK real rates increase as bonds’ coupons and final settlement amounts retain their real (i.e., inflation-adjusted) value over time, thereby 
protecting the investment against the corrosive effects of inflation.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
that Belfius Bank is exposed to the risk that third parties (such as retail individuals, SMEs, corporates, trading 
counterparties, counterparties under credit default swaps, interest rate swaps and other derivative contracts, 
borrowers, issuers of securities which Belfius Bank holds, customers, clearing agents and clearing houses, 
exchanges, guarantors, (re)insurers and other financial intermediaries) owing Belfius Bank money, securities or 
other assets do not pay, deliver or perform under their obligations. Bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the 
economy, real estate collateral value drops, operational failures or other factors may cause them to default on their 
obligations towards Belfius Bank. 
In order to cover the unexpected credit losses, Belfius Bank applies the Advanced Internal Rating-Based (“A-
IRB”) approach to derive its minimum own funds requirement. The A-IRB approach consists of using three distinct 
internal models developed and maintained within Belfius Bank following the prescribed regulation (Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013 and other EBA regulatory technical standards) by asset class: a Probability of Default (“PD”), 
a Loss-Given Default (“LGD”) and a Credit Conversion Factor (“CCF”)4. 
Belfius Bank’s solvency is resilient with a CET1 ratio at the end of June 2023 of 16.5%, an increase of 5 basis 
points compared to the end of 2022.  
On denominator level, at the end of June 2023, regulatory risk exposure of Belfius (“RWA”) amounted to EUR 
64,928 million, an increase with EUR 778 million compared to EUR 64,150 million at the end of 2022 driven by 
the increase of credit risk RWA: 
The credit RWA increased by EUR 1,672 million to EUR 50,943 million, mainly due to the commercial growth in 
franchise activities and particularly in the corporate segment. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, all segments 
are showing a good resilience to the challenging economic environment in terms of credit quality. 
The RWA for the Danish Compromise increased by EUR 201 million to EUR 8,112 million, mainly due to the OCI 
evolution of Belfius Insurance during the period, taking into account the pro forma IFRS17, the newest accounting 
standards, calculated per end December 2022 (EUR -646 million). 
The Credit Value Adjustment (“CVA”)5 RWA6 decreased by EUR -13 million to EUR 307 million thanks to 
increasing interest rates. 
The market risk RWA7 decreased (by EUR 1,082 million to EUR 1,899 million) as the Value-at-Risk (“VaR”)8 
model change implemented in the fourth quarter of 2022 delivered its full impact only in the first quarter of 2023. 
The regulatory operational risk exposure – based on the standardised approach – remained at EUR 3,667 million. 
In order to cover the expected credit losses (“ECL”), Belfius Bank applies a provisioning methodology relying on 
IFRS 9. A set of PD, LGD and CCF models are also used to estimate the provisions to estimate the one-year and 
the Lifetime Expected Credit Losses for all facilities. Unlike the one performed for capital estimates, the provisions 
are expressed as Point-In-Time estimates. 
The pro-active management of the ECL relies on the CoR metric. The CoR approach follows a waterfall principle 
in Belfius. The provisions for stage 1 & 2 are calculated in a mechanical mode, based on a view on the 
macroeconomic conditions and perspectives (pillar 1). If Belfius Bank considers that certain risk pockets, defined 
in terms of sectors or groups of companies, are not sufficiently covered by the mechanical provisions, certain 
expert overlays are added (pillar 2). If, additionally, the assessment of certain individual counterparties indicates 
that they present a significantly increased credit risk, but are not yet in default, the constituted provisions could be 
 
4 
The CCF accounts for the expected evolution of the off-balance part of the exposure and is used to model the Exposure At Default. 
5 
This is the price that an investor would pay to hedge the counterparty credit risk of a derivative instrument. 
6 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) are used to determine the minimum amount of capital that must be held by a bank to cover different types of 
risks. CVA RWA relates to the capital requirements to cover for the impact on CVA of adverse movements in financial market risk factors. 
CVA is the amount subtracted from the mark-to-market value of derivative positions to account for the expected loss due to counterparty 
default. 
7 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) are used to determine the minimum amount of capital that must be held by a bank to cover different types of 
risks. Market risk RWA relates to the capital requirements to cover for the impact on mark-to-market value of the trading book of adverse 
movements in financial market risk factors (such as interest rate, foreign-exchange and equity). 
8 
The VaR concept is used as the principal metric for proper management of the market risk Belfius is facing. The VaR measures the 
maximum loss in net present value Belfius might be facing in normal and/or historical market conditions over a period of ten days with a 
confidence interval of 99%.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
insufficient. For these cases, an individual management adjustment on the expected credit loss in stage 2 is added 
(pillar 3). For counterparts in default status (stage 3), the standard impairment process is run and specific provisions 
are calculated and booked (pillar 4). 
With respect to its impairment methodology, in the first half of 2023, entering into a post-Covid era, Belfius: 
 
has decided to abandon the long-term average of historic data in the calculation of the macroeconomic 
factors, and only use 2022-2024 macroeconomic data; 
 
maintains the system of four probability weighted forward-looking scenarios each with their own 
macroeconomic parameters to build optimistic, neutral, pessimistic and stress cases. The scenarios have, 
however, been adapted to the updated macroeconomic environment; 
 
continues its portfolio analysis and monitoring process in order to determine and keep up to date the 
sectors and/or clients vulnerable to inflation and energy price risks. 
In the first half of 2023, the application of the above-mentioned provisioning logic resulted in the CoR on 
consolidated level amounting to EUR -17 million and composed of EUR +49 million reversals due to the update 
of the macroeconomic factors, EUR +7 million reversals following the reassessment of the overlay for vulnerable 
exposures, EUR -79 million specific provisions for loans in default and EUR +6 million reversals for portfolio 
evolutions.  
Belfius has updated the macroeconomic parameters and perspectives for IFRS 9 expected credit loss calculations 
with scenario weights shifting to a neutral scenario: 
The macroeconomic factors and perspectives were updated in line with Belfius Research expectations. The 
economic picture for the first half of 2023 is quite ambivalent, with the economic environment showing strong 
resilience. The effects of the energy crisis are fading out and – with the notable exception of the food processing 
industry – post-pandemic supply chains problems have largely been resolved. The pass-through of costs to sales 
prices has increased but remains partial. Most firms feel that it is becoming increasingly difficult to raise further 
prices, which could lead to a further easing of inflation in the near term. 
Statistics about the economic performance of the Eurozone are divergent. The European Commission first revised 
its GDP forecast upwards to 1.2% in 2023 and 1.4% in 2024, but based on the GDP figures with negative growth 
for the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023, the Eurozone entered (technically) into a light recession. 
In Belgium, the economic growth keeps its positive pace, although at a slower rhythm, and is hence outperforming 
most of the European countries. Notwithstanding this strong resilience, several evolutions (such as the economic 
slowdown in Germany and other EU countries and the rising interest rates) could become factors of risk. 
At the same time, there are also signs of a potential decay. Whereas the labour market was booming towards the 
end of the Covid-pandemic, the job-growth has slowed down since the start of 2023; the unemployment showed 
an increase in the beginning of the year, with an interim market, traditionally a leading indicator, that was starting 
to slacken. Recent figures tend to be more positive again: despite higher wage costs, most companies maintained 
or expanded their permanent workforce in the second quarter and prospects for the coming months are mostly 
stable. Due to structural labour market tightness, firms are reluctant to lay off employees. 
The GDP forecasts improved for 2023-2024, whereas consumer price and house price inflation are expected to 
decrease in 2023. Belfius’ neutral scenario includes a Belgian GDP growth of +0.9% for 2023 (compared to +0.1% 
as expected by end 2022), followed by a +1.2% growth rate in 2024. 
For 2023, inflation is expected to decrease somewhat more than formerly estimated at the end of 2022. 
The Belgian unemployment rate for 2023 in the neutral scenario has been revised downwards from 8.8% towards 
8.2%, and is expected to slightly decrease and then remain stable in the upcoming years. As from 2020 onwards, 
the unemployment figure includes the exceptional temporary unemployment that is expected to be, to a certain 
extent, converted into a structural unemployment. 
The scenario weights were therefore changed by shifting more weight to a neutral scenario (from 45% to 60%), 
simultaneously reducing pessimistic (from 40% to 30%) and stress (from 10% to 5%) scenarios. Consequently, 
the slightly more positive macroeconomic perspectives impacted the CoR positively for EUR +49 million in the 
first half year.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Furthermore, in 2023, the overlay for vulnerable exposures was reduced by EUR +7 million. Vulnerable exposures 
linked to Covid-19 have been phased out, and from the first half of 2023 onwards, the overlay for vulnerable 
exposures merely serves to cover for an anticipation of potential recession effects, in sectors vulnerable to inflation 
and higher energy prices. The provision for macroeconomic uncertainties and the overlay for vulnerable exposures 
combined form Belfius ‘Overlay for economic uncertainties and vulnerable exposures’, of which the stock as of 
end of June 2023 amounts to EUR 179 million (from EUR 235 million end 2022). 
The specific provisions for loans in default (stage 3) negatively impacted the CoR for EUR -79 million for the first 
six months of 2023. Origins of these stage 3 provisions can often be found in Covid-19 and/or energy and inflation 
impacts, combined with additional financial pressure, that is caused by demand effects or interest cost increases. 
With Belfius’ anticipative provisioning methodology, the credit losses on these companies, being more sensitive 
to inflation and high energy prices, have typically been anticipated to a certain extent by stage 2 expected credit 
losses, constituted during the past years. 
The assessment of the overlay for vulnerable exposures was based on a thorough credit review and portfolio 
screening integrating the emerging risks related to energy and inflation. The impact of the geopolitical tensions 
and of the spiking inflation on the loan portfolios (both Individuals and Enterprises & Entrepreneurs) was assessed 
through an analysis of transactional and financial client data, combined with the monitoring of specific early 
warning indicators (energy and labour cost to income, evolution of net available income) and with more traditional 
early warnings (such as rating evolutions, the use of credit lines, repayment arrears, etc.). These analyses, 
performed in a top-down and bottom-up approach, have not yet revealed critical risk observations in the Belfius 
portfolio so far: the portfolio continues to show a strong resilience with only very few signs of deteriorating credit 
quality, limited inflow of defaults and bankruptcies and stable credit ratings. In this context, Belfius assessed that 
there were no Russian nor Ukrainian exposures to provision. 
These assessments are combined with a strengthened and continuous risk-based monitoring of the Enterprises & 
Entrepreneurs portfolio on clients for which early warning risk indicators ‘lighten-up’. 
In order to assure an adequate portfolio guidance and monitoring, several business lines need to comply with 
portfolio guidelines of which the aim is to limit specific sector risks and/or sector risk concentrations. These 
guidelines impose an upper limit for certain sector risks, on top of the individual credit quality and limits on the 
counterparty and/or risk group level, and are monitored quarterly by risk management and reported to the 
management bodies. 
This portfolio guidance is part of the RAF, which is subject to a yearly review assessment. The Risk Appetite 
Framework 2023 included a risk scope extension (e.g. ESG risks, outsourcing risks, more granular credit risk 
limits, etc.) as well as the roll-out of the framework to the main subsidiaries, allowed for increased consistency 
throughout the group and a closer monitoring of the risk profile by the Group Financial Conglomerate Review 
Committee. This yearly review did not lead to any increase of risk appetite.  
The Belfius loan portfolios continue to demonstrate a strong resilience with risk indicators that remain robust. The 
credit quality of the portfolio and production stay solid, payments arrears and NPLs remain under control (asset 
quality ratio9 of 1.91% as at 30 June 2023 compared to 1.82% as at 31 December 2022). 
Higher interest rates have led to higher financing costs for the customer and lower demand for residential mortgage 
loans, resulting in a decrease in production at Belfius by around 40% in the first half of 2023. The decrease is 
primarily observable in the non-First Time Buyers (FTB) loans. Young FTB’s (<35years old) increase their share 
in the mortgage loan production, partially mitigating the higher debt service payments by opting for longer 
maturities. Borrowers also continue to prefer fixed interest rate loans (99% of the newly originated loan amount), 
protecting themselves against (even) higher rates in the future. Also due to some seasonal effects, the PD of 
Mortgage loans portfolio has decreased and is currently at 0.46%, compared to 0.50% at the end of 2022. Despite 
tighter credit conditions, Belfius remained compliant with the NBB measures10 (financial collateral included).  
 
9 This is the ratio between impaired loans and advances to customers and the gross outstanding loans and advances to customers. 
10 Reference is made to Annex 1 to the circular NBB_2019_27 covering the expectations of the Belgian macroprudential authority on internal 
management of Belgian mortgage credit standards on the Belgian residential property market limiting the production of loans for more 
risky segments (e.g. High Loan-To-Value, Buy-To-Let, Debt Servicing Income, …).

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Belfius continued to monitor its mortgage loans portfolio in light of inflation and higher energy costs. The deferral 
of principal payment scheme11 initiated at the end of 2022 has ended in March of this year with a relatively small 
number of requests. Currently, as energy prices are lower again and as government interventions are being phased 
out, we can say that the impact of energy prices on our mortgage loans portfolio has been limited.  
Belfius is committed to reducing own and financed emissions, greening its mortgage loans portfolio and lowering 
the risk associated with climate change. To this end it has increased its effort in collecting data on and monitoring 
the energy efficiency of the loan portfolio. Moreover, clients can apply for energy renovation loans. 
Bankruptcy levels, particularly for small businesses, show a slightly increasing trend but levels remain below the 
historically observed levels for the Belgian market. The average PD of the E&E (Entreprises and Entrepreneurs) 
portfolio remained stable (1.59% at the end of June 2023 compared to 1.58% at the end of 2022). Some other early 
warning indicators for small businesses (payments arrears, utilization of credit lines) show a moderate increase 
during the first half of 2023. 
In an international perspective, commercial real estate is becoming a source of increasing concern from an industry, 
banking and regulatory point of view, as the sector is confronted with modified market dynamics, due to increased 
interest rates and building costs, combined with a low investment appetite. These factors are resulting in an 
increased funding risk for this sector caused by a delay in sales uptake and reduced financial markets’ appetite to 
provide financing and capital to the sector. Although a recent assessment has not revealed negative risk trends or 
indicators in the Belfius loan portfolio, an increased monitoring and a strengthened follow-up have been put in 
place for the commercial real estate segment.  
Traditionally, Belfius assures a key role in the financing of institutions in the Belgian public and social sector 
(including hospitals, schools, universities and retirement homes). In 2022, the municipalities have seen a 
significant increase of their operational expenditures. Their wage costs have increased due to the inflationary 
pressure, while energy costs have almost doubled due to the energy crunch related to the Russian – Ukrainian war. 
Fortunately, this has been met with an equal increase in operational revenue. The main driver behind this surge in 
operational revenue is the indexation of receipts (taxes and subsidies being the main revenues of communities are 
also indexed). The beneficial effect of this indexation will continue into 2023 (despite the softening inflation) as 
some time lag is present.  
The financial situation of most of the regions and communities is however expected to experience further pressure 
in 2023. The public debt burden also grows heavier on a federal level. While this does not pose a significant threat 
yet, interest rate hikes will worsen the debt burden and cost of capital for the public sector.  
Finally, since 2011, Belfius Bank has been engaged in a tactical de-risking of the ex-legacy portfolio. As from 
1 January 2017, the remainder of this ex-legacy portfolio has been integrated in Group Center and the remaining 
securities are being managed in natural run-off. An important component of the ex-legacy portfolio (total notional 
of Belfius Bank’s ex-legacy portfolio as at 31 December 2022 stood at EUR 13.2 billion) is the large outstanding 
stock of derivatives (total notional of Belfius Bank’s ex-legacy derivatives portfolio as at 31 December 2022 stood 
at EUR 10.1 billion) and bonds composed of long-term inflation linked bonds issued by highly regulated UK 
utilities and infrastructure companies (total notional as at 31 December 2022 stood at EUR 1.3 billion). These 
bonds are deemed to be of satisfactory credit quality. Nevertheless, in the unlikely event of a default, the loss could 
be substantial but is expected to be within the boundaries of the Belfius RAF. The inflation linked nature of these 
bonds makes them furthermore sensitive to UK real rates12. The UK real rate improved by 59 basis points (from -
0.19% at the end of the first quarter of 2023 to +0.40% at the end of the second quarter of 2023). This improvement 
resulted in a decrease of RWA by about EUR 230 million on Belfius’ inflation linked bonds. The appreciation of 
the GBP by 2.5% has mitigated this somewhat adding EUR 35 million in RWA. 
 
11 With energy prices peaking as never before in the autumn (reinforcing inflationary pressure), the Belgian financial sector decided to take 
mitigating measures for households with a new (conditional) payment deferral scheme for vulnerable mortgage clients. The government 
decided on a basic Energy package providing financial support in the fourth quarter of 2022 to bear the increased energy prices (which was 
extended for the first quarter of 2023). 
12 The real interest rate is the rate of interest an investor, saver or lender receives (or expects to receive) after allowing for inflation. As such 
the “UK real rates” can be seen as the difference between the nominal interest rate levels in GBP (i.e., swap rates) versus the expected 
inflation rates in UK RPI (i.e., inflation swap rates).

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Together with the outstanding stock of derivatives, they could have an important additional capital charge in terms 
of RWA as well as an increased need for collateral posting from Belfius Bank which could put Belfius Bank’s 
overall liquidity under pressure in case of a liquidity crisis in the financial markets. The ex-legacy portfolio is 
constantly followed-up in terms of risks which may be hedged. The possibility to exit the transactions 
anticipatively (e.g. through unwind, sale and novation) is regularly reassessed. 
The rating agencies view the group’s credit quality positively, as reflected by the rating actions taken between 1 
January 2023 and 31 August 2023: 
 
on 28 June 2023, S&P confirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A with Stable outlook; 
 
on 7 July 2023, Moody’s affirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A1 and changed the outlook to positive 
from stable; 
 
on 13 July 2023, Fitch affirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A- with Stable outlook. 
2.1.1.3 Profitability (Global Criticality: High) 
Belfius Bank’s strategy is based on the development of a strong commercial franchise that is to be supported by 
solid risk and financial profile foundations, a strategy even more relevant since the Covid-19 crisis and the ongoing 
macro and geopolitical crisis. This translates into growing commercial activities, further growing their footprints 
in a through-the-cycle profitable way and investments in future business model developments, based on solid 
solvency foundations. Resilience is proven at the end of June 2023 with a return on equity (“RoE”)13 at group 
level amounting to 9.5% (compared to 8.9% at the end of 2022). Nevertheless, the unstable environment in which 
Belfius evolves leads to a high criticality from a risk point of view. 
Changes in the profitability and changes in the expectations about the future profitability can influence the 
secondary market value of Belfius Bank’s liabilities. Though Belfius Bank’s management and the regulatory 
authorities via the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) always strive for a sound and profitable 
business model, profitability can never be guaranteed as it depends to some extent on external market factors.  
The continued increase in interest rates over the first half of 2023 required proactive risk management, in order to 
manage new uncertainties at both sides of the balance sheet. The increase in rates has further improved the net 
collateral cost for derivative contracts used to hedge the Bank’s exposure to interest rate risk. The Issuer’s Assets 
& Liabilities Committee (“ALCo”) will remain attentive to a volatile interest rate environment with primary 
objective to respect the Risk Appetite Framework (RAF). Interest Rate Risk In The Banking Book (“IRRBB”) 
management continues to protect net interest income (“NIM”) and ALM conventional models are regularly 
reviewed at the light of the macro-economic environment and prevailing interest rates. During the first half of 
2023, the continued increase in interest rates has modified the expected interest rate sensitivities of the ‘on demand’ 
(or non-maturing) deposits, which triggered additional hedging to remain within Belfius’ risk appetite. 
Besides the general economic and competitive climate, monetary policy is among the most important factors 
determining bank profitability. By influencing the level of the interest rates and the shape of the interest rate curve, 
the ECB impacts in an important way the Net Interest Rate Margin (“NIM”) of commercial banks, like Belfius 
Bank. This NIM contains the bank’s revenues from its normal lending and borrowing activity and for Belfius Bank 
it constitutes a non-negligible part of the overall income.  
2.1.1.4 Market risk (Global Criticality: High) 
Market risks are inherent to a range of Belfius Bank’s businesses. Aside from the interest rate risk, Belfius Bank 
is particularly sensitive to P&L volatility stemming from value adjustments (xVA’s) and credit derivatives. Those 
are mostly related to the ex-legacy portfolio. More elaborately, market risk within Belfius Bank is focused on all 
financial markets activities of the bank and encompasses, as mentioned above, interest rate risk (in this context in 
the trading book), spread risk and associated credit risk/liquidity risk, foreign-exchange risk, equity risk (or price 
risk), inflation risk and commodity price risk. To mitigate the market risk impact, important management actions 
 
13 RoE calculation method: sum of the net result of the last four quarters divided by the four quarter rolling average of the shareholders’ 
equity.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
have been taken, such as additional hedges and reduction of open positions. This has, amongst others, led to 
reduced credit spread sensitivities while a high criticality due to volatile future markets is determined. 
Although markets were very volatile in the first half of 2023, mainly due to banking turmoil in the US and bail-
out of Credit Suisse, rising interest rates, the P&L of financial market activities was very resilient. Most trading 
desks are at or above the budget and increased client activity has led to significant increases in Sales and 
Structuring activities. 
Existing hedges on CVA/FVA, in place since the first half of 2020, perform well, keeping the P&L volatility to a 
minimum. Further analysis highlighted possible improvement to credit spread macro hedges which will be adapted 
in the second half of 2023. Consequently, only a limited number of non-hedgeable risks remain. The most relevant 
one being the Belfius’ own funding spread, where the positive evolution of interest rates has made the XVA’s less 
sensitive to this parameter.  
At the end of June 2023, the global VaR level of Financial Market activities amounted to EUR 11.8 million, a 
decrease of EUR 1.5 million compared to end 2022. Although the VaR was volatile – as historic scenarios contain 
a lot of volatility – overall it remained far from the limit. Only one sub-VaR (CO214) exceeded its limit after an 
update of the VaR shocks was performed. This exceeding was temporarily approved following the update and 
actions have permit to reduce the VaR well within limits.  
The market RWA decreased by EUR 1.1 billion up to EUR 1.9 billion. The main decrease is linked to the model 
change implemented in the second half of 2022. As market risk RWA is calculated based on the last 60 days 
average, the end of year figures were still including effects related the old model which behaved too conservatively 
with the rate increase. 
 
(1) The Value-at-Risk (VAR): is a measure of the potential change in market value with a probability of 99% and over a period of 10 days. 
(2) IR: interest rate risk and inflation risk. 
(3) FX: forex risk. 
(4) CO2 risk. 
2.1.1.5 Operational – Non-Financial Risks & Compliance (Global Criticality: High) 
Non-Financial Risk (“NFR”) must be understood as a broad umbrella covering all risks except “financial risks” 
(the latter encompassing market, ALM, liquidity, credit, and insurance risks). NFR covers, among others, 
operational risks (including fraud, HR, IT, IT-security, business continuity, outsourcing, data-related, privacy, etc.) 
as well as reputational, compliance, legal, tax and ESG risks. If any of these risks materialise, this may have an 
adverse impact on Belfius’ business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects, leading to a high 
criticality. 
 
14 Value at Risk assessment of carbon market derivatives.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
The NFR management framework determines the principles that ensure an effective management of the non-
financial risks. The principles are further elaborated in specific policies and guidelines adapted to the business 
activities. These general principles are following the applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
The framework is based on the following pillars: 
 
a risk mapping and taxonomy in order to ensure consistency within the organisation, including a regular 
review of this mapping and taxonomy to identify emerging risks; 
 
clear roles and responsibilities, as well as a well-defined way of working together for all the risks based 
on the three LoD (3 LoD) model (decentralised responsibility); 
 
a strong governance/committee structure involving the appropriate level of management; 
 
a RAF definition and monitoring; and 
 
transversal risk processes and dedicated risk management frameworks, which are structured into the 
following main domains: Change Risk Management, Integrated Risk Management, Risk Culture & 
Governance, Operational, Resilience, Information Security and Data Privacy. 
Focusing on specific domains: 
 
Information security management: for Belfius, the purpose of information security is to protect Belfius’ 
information having a value for the organisation: i.e., the information generated by the business, the 
information belonging to the clients, and also the information derived from freely accessible or publicly 
available data, which has acquired a value as a result of the treatment carried out by or on behalf of 
Belfius. The threats against data and information are their loss of integrity, their loss of confidentiality 
and their unplanned unavailability. The mission of information security is to safeguard against these 
threats. 
Belfius also considers that the objective regarding information security extends to managing the risks 
linked to the consequences of these threats if they have materialised in terms of customers’ trust, finance, 
reputation, peer confidence (regulators, financial markets) and confidence of the business partners. An 
information security strategy derived from these principles is applicable to all actions pertaining to 
information security. 
In order to guarantee the information security within Belfius, the Information Security Steering (ISS) 
Committee, managed by the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) and chaired by the Chief Risk 
Officer, aims to ensure a well governed and coordinated information security strategy whereby an 
adequate system of “prevention”, “detection”, “protection” and “reaction” is put in place, in line with 
regulatory requirements for information security. The steering of Belfius’ information security is relying 
on a combination of qualitative statements, tangible figures and quantitative statements: deviations from 
the risk appetite are challenged to mitigate the risks to an acceptable level. Large security projects are 
grouped together in a security roadmap which typically spans the course of two years. The ever-evolving 
security threat landscape however requires the organisation to be resilient and anticipate existing and 
future threats. 
 
Incident management: this relates to threats against data and information and their loss of integrity, their 
loss of confidentiality and their unplanned unavailability. The systematic collection and control of data 
on operational incidents is one of the main requirements of the Basel Committee regarding operational 
risk management. 
The reporting mechanisms aim to ensure that the responsible parties are notified quickly when incidents 
occur. Major incidents are investigated thoroughly and are reported to the CRO/Management Board. Such 
incidents are also subject to specific action plans and appropriate follow-up, under the responsibility of 
the concerned line management, for avoidance, mitigation or limitation of the related risk.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
The main areas of operational losses remain essentially due to incidents associated with external fraud 
and incidents in relation to execution, delivery, and process management. Other categories remain limited 
in amount but not necessarily in number of events. The most important part of the financial impact 
resulting from operational incidents comes from Belfius Bank’s retail business. 
 
Data privacy management: the respect for privacy and the protection of personal data is a key commitment 
at Belfius, which is translated into a sound internal governance and principles to be followed in respect 
of GDPR. 
In order to continuously guarantee data privacy within Belfius, the Privacy Committee related to GDPR 
regularly meets. Belfius’ Management and several committees are informed about GDPR on a recurrent 
basis at Belfius. 
Staff needs to regularly update their GDPR knowledge and are also regularly informed on GDPR-news. 
The Data Privacy Officer (“DPO”) is part of the second line of defence. A network of privacy 
correspondents, active in each department, work closely with the DPO to continuously raise awareness, 
control, and monitor processes and activities being in line with GDPR. 
GDPR conformity, including a risk assessment for the rights and freedom of the owners whose personal 
data is treated, is integrated into every process to offer (existing, adapted and new) products, innovative 
digital tools, services, and information sharing to its clients. 
This also included and includes the review of the privacy notice, the implementation of an adapted cookie 
policy and the implementation of the ruling of the European Court of Justice on eventual international 
transfers or international access of personal data.  
All activities treating personal data are documented by the business lines in a privacy register and Belfius 
is very committed to avoid personal data breaches and to manage any incident as quickly as possible.  
Data subject rights can be executed by data subjects via multiple possibilities, including the Belfius’ 
online and mobile applications. More than 98% of the data subject rights are asked via the Belfius’ online 
app and receives an answer in the same app within one business day. 
 
Fraud risk: Belfius applies a zero-tolerance policy for all forms of fraud (internal, external and mixed 
fraud schemes), monitors the threats continuously and manages these risks based on a global anti-fraud 
policy as defined and steered by senior management. The roles and responsibilities have been clearly 
defined with business and support lines as the first risk managers. The CRO and NFR team, including the 
Anti-Fraud Officer as expert, have a clear 2nd Line of Defence role. 
In a context of evolving digital channels and faster payments processing, internal controls are 
continuously screened to prevent fraud and this to protect the interests of Belfius and its employees, 
customers, suppliers and other stakeholders. More traditional phishing techniques and cyber fraud cases 
need continuous investments to protect clients against potential impacts from these fraud schemes. 
Moreover, an anti-fraud expert panel is regularly organised to enhance the transversal circulation of 
information and to ensure that the Anti-Fraud Steering Committee (A-FSC) receives the information 
necessary for defining and monitoring the anti-fraud risk management. 
 
Outsourcing risk: Belfius is aware that outsourcing & third-party risk must be addressed adequately and 
fully assumes its responsibilities, including but not limited to overseeing and managing the concerned 
arrangements and the risks involved. The Outsourcing Risk & Material Arrangements Policy is compliant 
with the “Final Report on EBA Draft Guidelines on Outsourcing Arrangements”. In particular, the policy 
provides for the appointment of the outsourcing function and the setup of the Outsourcing Management 
(steering) Committee (OMC). Its mission consists in ensuring a well governed and coordinated 
outsourcing strategy in line with Belfius’ strategy, risk appetite and regulatory requirements.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Business continuity & crisis management: Belfius is committed to its clients, counterparties and 
regulators to put in place, maintain and test viable alternative arrangements that, following an incident, 
allow the continuation or the resumption of critical business activities at the agreed operational level and 
entirely compliant with the Belgian regulations. 
The supporting process, the business continuity and crisis management, is applied in a uniform way at all 
Belfius entities and relies on, among others, threat analysis, business impact analysis, reallocation 
strategies (dual office, remote and homeworking, etc.), effective management reporting, business 
continuity plans as well as exercise and maintenance programs. In that way, Belfius has also demonstrated 
its resilience to the Covid-19 situation. 
 
Employment practices (HR) & workplace safety, damage to assets & public safety risk: Belfius has a very 
low appetite for physical security and workplace safety risk and strives to provide a safe environment for 
its staff, clients, guests and assets by ensuring that its physical security measures and procedures meet 
high standards. To meet this goal, a Physical Security Steering Committee with all stakeholders 
systematically monitors the overall situation by means of a dashboard. It also acts as a forum to reflect 
and to dialogue on actual incidents, and to envisage action plans to reduce the risk to acceptable levels. 
 
Compliance & anti-money laundering (“AML”): compliance risk is managed around a central compliance 
department. In Belfius, the Compliance Officer reports directly to the CRO and to the Audit Committee 
and, if necessary, may directly approach the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the external auditor and 
the regulators. Belfius Bank has a very low risk appetite for compliance risk. This is important to maintain 
a good reputation, to maintain the confidence of all stakeholders and to avoid administrative or criminal 
sanctions. In this context, Belfius is continuously evaluating and reviewing its compliance framework to 
remain in line with the latest regulatory evolutions, best practices in the market and the strategy of Belfius 
Bank. In 2022, important progress was made with the implementation of new technologies relying on 
artificial intelligence, machine learning and robotics techniques in order to further increase the efficiency 
of the internal control process. The Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Officer (“AML CO”) is head 
of the AML team, which combats money laundering practices. Belfius strives not to be involved in 
laundering money from illegal activities, the organisation of tax fraud, financing terrorism or 
circumventing international embargos in line with all legal requirements. To underline this commitment, 
the AML CO has established preventive measures and broadened controls. Proper knowledge of the 
customers and their identification (Know Your Customer process), investigation on the origin of financial 
flows on accounts and detection of dubious transactions (Know Your Transaction process) are all vital 
elements in the prevention of such practices. 
2.1.1.6 Liquidity (Global Criticality: High) 
Liquidity risk consists of the risk that Belfius Bank will not be able to meet both expected and unexpected current 
and future cash-flows and collateral needs. Based on prudential liquidity ratios and a diversified source of fundings, 
Belfius assesses this risk as high. 
The liquidity risk at Belfius Bank is mainly stemming from:  
 
commercial funding collected from customers and the way these funds are allocated to customers through 
different types of loans/products;  
 
the volatility of collateral that is to be deposited at counterparties as part of the CSA framework for 
derivatives and repo transactions (so called cash & securities collateral); 
 
the value of the liquid reserves by virtue of which Belfius Bank can collect funding on the repo market 
and/or from the ECB.  
 
the capacity to obtain interbank and institutional funding; 
 
the concentration risk of funding sources, counterparties and maturities. 
The monitoring of the liquidity risk is done through internal and regulatory liquidity Key Risk Indicators (“KRI”) 
that are reported on a regular basis and the compliance with those KRI is also tested under stress scenarios. Next

--- Page 20 ---
20 
to the Internal Liquidity Ratio (working on a three-month horizon), the short and long-term liquidity risks are 
managed, respectively, by means of the regulatory Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) – one-month horizon and 
the Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR” – one year).  
During the first half of 2023, Belfius preserved its diversified liquidity profile by: 
 
maintaining a substantial funding surplus within the commercial balance sheet; 
 
continuing to obtain diversified long-term funding from institutional investors;  
 
collecting short and medium-term (CP/CD/EMTN) deposits from institutional investors. 
The participation of Belfius Bank in the ECB TLTRO III funding programme for an amount of EUR 15.65 billion 
was reduced to EUR 6 billion end of 2022, and in June 2023 another EUR 3.3 billion was repaid. This leads to a 
residual funding through TLTRO of EUR 2.7 billion that will continue to expire. 
Belfius Bank reached a 12-month average LCR of 156% at the end of June 2023. This decrease since the end of 
December 2022 (173%) is mainly explained by the repayment of the TLTRO and a continued strong growth in 
commercial loans. Without the additional TLTRO at more advantageous conditions to compensate for the pressure 
on Belfius’ standard transformation model, the LCR remained within Belfius’ driving range during the first half 
year of 2023. The High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) are composed at the end of June 2023 of 73% Level 1 cash, 
24% Level 1 bonds, 2% Level 2A bonds and 1% Level 2B bonds. It has to be noted that, in light of the recent 
events of the liquidity outflows of circa EUR 3.5 billion related to the issuance of the Bon d’Etat/Staatsbon by the 
Belgian state, Belfius did not alter its risk appetite limit in terms of LCR for which actions have been taken to 
maintain it above the 120% internal target. 
The NSFR, based on the binding CRR 2 rules and calculated according to EBA templates, stood at 133% at the 
end of June 2023, a decrease from 135% also explained by the repayment of the TLTRO and growth in commercial 
loans. 
The driving factors behind these sources of liquidity risk are to a certain extent beyond the control of Belfius Bank 
as they are influenced by the evolution of the financial and interbank markets, banking regulations, and, as reflected 
in the recent events around the issue of the Staatsbon/Bon d’Etat under favourable conditions, to the actions of the 
Belgian State. The latter instruments have collected ca. EUR 22 billion in August 2023, which have been primarily 
stemming from the savings and term deposits within the Belgian banking system. This shift has been driven by the 
favourable (unprecedented) conditions attached to them, offering 2.81% net return. The impact on Belfius has been 
considerable, of ca. EUR 3.5 billion of outflows, but remained under control thanks to the sufficient liquidity buffer 
of Belfius (total liquidity buffer of EUR 45 billion at the beginning of outflows) and actions taken swiftly to ensure 
a LCR ratio above the 120% internal target even notwithstanding the remaining participation to TLTRO. 
In terms of risk management, Belfius relies on a close monitoring of a set of regulatory and internal liquidity risk 
metrics as part of its RAF defined with the following main objective: “Belfius wants to maintain at all times 
sufficient liquidity even after severe but plausible stress”. The risk appetite framework imposes an additional buffer 
on top of the regulatory minima to be respected at all times. This buffer, combined with a set of predefined recovery 
measures, aims to ensure that Belfius will respect regulatory minima even under stress. Another control of the 
second line of defence includes the early warning system that proactively warns for potential liquidity crisis. By 
means of a detailed Liquidity Risk Dashboard, internal KRI’s are continuously monitored and include, among 
others, maturity concentration of funding, intraday liquidity risks, credit lines and liquidity buffer under stress. 
Belfius also relies on forward-looking assessment as part of its financial plan and stress testing activities to account 
for concentration risks, clients’ behaviour prospective challenges to address potential future non-maturing deposits’ 
outflows or simulation of bank runs. That way, Belfius ensures to have a sufficient liquidity buffer while accounting 
for materialisation of some tail risks. The Belfius Bank liquidity risk management framework ensures that risk 
assessments, reporting’s and proper follow-up’s are performed to ensure that its liquidity buffer is sufficient to 
cover extreme stress scenarios based on a large set of assumptions on the levels of inflows, outflows, risk source 
and at different time horizons (ranging from intraday to complete stress on the funding plans), while respecting 
the limits defined in the RAF. These limits are integrated in the RAF approved by the Board of Directors and 
reported on a quarterly basis. Available liquidity reserves also play a key role regarding liquidity: at any time,

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Belfius Bank aims to ensure it has sufficient quality assets to cover any temporary liquidity shortfalls, both in 
normal markets and under stress scenarios. Belfius Bank defined specific guidelines for the management of LCR 
eligible bonds and non-LCR eligible bonds, both approved by the Management Board. Given its solid liquidity 
position, Belfius’ funding plan is more than ever driven by minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (“MREL”) requirements rather than by an expected liquidity shortfall. In this context, during 2023 
Belfius Bank issued EUR 0.5 billion covered bonds, EUR 0.5 billion Tier 2 and EUR 0.75 billion preferred senior 
under green format. The Non-Preferred Senior Bonds of EUR 2.0 billion enable Belfius to respect the regulatory 
requirement of MREL Subordinated. 
2.1.1.7 Competition (Global Criticality: Medium) 
Belfius Bank faces strong competition across all its markets from local and international financial institutions 
including banks, life insurance companies and mutual insurance organisations. The presence of Belfius Bank being 
solely limited to Belgium can be assessed as a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors. While Belfius 
Bank believes it is positioned to compete effectively with these competitors, there can be no assurance that 
increased competition will not adversely affect Belfius Bank’s pricing policy and lead to losing market shares in 
one or more markets in which it operates. The related risk is judged as medium. 
Competition is also affected by other factors such as changes in consumer demand and regulatory actions. 
Moreover, competition can increase as a result of internet and mobile technologies changing customer behaviours, 
the rise of mobile banking and the threat of banking business being developed by non-financial companies, all of 
which may reduce the profits of Belfius Bank. 
The introduction of the Payment Services Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 25 November 2015 on payment services in the internal market may enable the emergence of payment 
aggregators, which could in turn reduce the relevance of traditional bank platforms and weaken brand relationships. 
The development of ecosystems – which lead to the abolition of borders across economic sectors – could further 
exacerbate these threats. 
Any failure by Belfius Bank to manage the competitive dynamics to which it is exposed could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Nevertheless, Belfius Bank 
remains confident about its business model targeting the Belgian perimeter, its pro-active and deep work around 
new technologies and innovative partnerships and its evolution towards a modern banking platform.  
In order to stay ahead of this risk, Belfius Bank relies at several levels on benchmarking assessments (CoR, RWA, 
commercial real estate activities, macro-assumptions in (reverse) stress test exercises, results of transversal EBA 
benchmarking assessment, etc.). 
2.1.1.9. Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and a credit rating reduction may result in a reduction in 
the trading value of the Savings Certificates (Global Criticality: Low) 
Belfius Bank has been assigned a credit rating by independent credit rating agencies. There is no guarantee that 
any ratings will be maintained. The ratings (including any unsolicited ratings) may furthermore not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this section, and other 
factors (including a change of control affecting Belfius Bank) that may affect the value of the Savings Certificates. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
relevant rating agency at any time. Finally, any negative change in or withdrawal of a rating assigned to Belfius 
Bank could adversely affect the trading price of the Savings Certificates.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
2.2. Risks related to the Savings Certificates  
2.2.1. Risks related to the nature of the Savings Certificates 
2.2.1.1. Risks related to the trading market and liquidity of the Savings Certificates 
The Savings Certificates are not listed on a regulated market or a multilateral trading facility (or any other market), 
therefore the Savings Certificates may have no established trading market or if a market does develop, it may not 
be liquid. Investors may not be able to sell their Savings Certificates easily or at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. The liquidity of the Savings 
Certificates may also be affected by a downgrade of the credit ratings of Belfius Bank. A decrease in liquidity may 
have an adverse effect on the market value of the Savings Certificates. In addition, where a holder of Savings 
Certificates is seeking to achieve a sale of the Savings Certificates within a short timeframe, such lower liquidity 
will negatively impact the selling price of the Savings Certificates. The capital invested in a Savings Certificate is 
in principle blocked until the maturity date of the Savings Certificate and the investor cannot exercise an option to 
request early repayment of the Savings Certificates held by it.  
If a holder wants to sell a Savings Certificate prior to the maturity date of the Savings Certificate, it can offer such 
Savings Certificate to the Issuer, however the Issuer does not have any obligation to repurchase the Savings 
Certificates and the Issuer does not undertake to repurchase the Savings Certificates. Even if the Issuer may in 
practice repurchase the Savings Certificates, there is no guarantee or legal obligation that the Issuer will continue 
to repurchase the Savings Certificates. The amount at which the Savings Certificates will be repurchased will 
depend on the prevailing interest rates and the costs and fees charged by the Issuer. Such costs and fees may change 
over time and investors should inform themselves about the prevailing conditions at the time they request a 
repurchase. If the Issuer were to repurchase the Savings Certificates, the redemption price will be proposed to the 
investor and subject to his acceptance. If there would be a capital gain for the client, this capital gain will be 
submitted to withholding tax. The investors may be able to sell the Savings Certificates to other investors (other 
than the Issuer), but there is no guarantee that the investors will at any given time be able to find other investors 
willing to purchase the Savings Certificates. 
 
2.2.1.2. Risks related to the exercise of the bail-in resolution tool in respect of the Savings Certificates  
The Banking Recovery and Resolution Directive (“BRRD”) aims to provide supervisory and resolution authorities 
with common tools and powers to address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability 
and minimise taxpayers’ exposure to losses. 
This means that the holders of the Savings Certificates may lose some or all of their investment (including 
outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest) as a result of the exercise by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority of the “bail-in” resolution tool, for those amounts that are not protected by the deposit protection regime. 
This tool may be exercised in respect of Savings Certificates.  
The “bail-in” resolution tool is exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority that has the power to bail-in (i.e., 
write down or convert) liabilities more subordinated than the Savings Certificates, if any (such as the claims of 
non-preferred creditors of Belfius Bank) and preferred senior debt (such as the Savings Certificates), after having 
written down or converted Tier 1 capital instruments and Tier 2 capital instruments. The bail-in power enables the 
Relevant Resolution Authority to recapitalise a failing institution by allocating losses to its shareholders and 
unsecured creditors (including the holders of Savings Certificates) in a manner which is consistent with the 
hierarchy of claims in an insolvency of a relevant financial institution. The bail-in power includes the power to 
cancel a liability or modify the terms of contracts for the purposes of deferring the liabilities of the relevant 
financial institution and the power to convert a liability from one form to another.  
In summary (and subject to the implementing rules), the Relevant Resolution Authority is able to exercise its bail-
in powers if the following (cumulative) conditions are met:

--- Page 23 ---
23 
(a) the determination that Belfius Bank is failing or is likely to fail has been made by the relevant regulator or 
the Relevant Resolution Authority (in each case, after consulting each other), which means that one or more 
of the following circumstances are present: 
(i) 
Belfius Bank infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination that Belfius Bank 
will, in the near future, infringe the requirements for continuing authorisation in a way that would 
justify the withdrawal of the authorisation by the competent authority, including but not limited to 
because Belfius Bank has incurred or is likely to incur losses that will deplete all or a significant 
amount of its own funds; 
(ii) 
the assets of Belfius Bank are or there are objective elements to support a determination that the assets 
of Belfius Bank will, in the near future, be less than its liabilities; 
(iii) 
Belfius Bank is or there are objective elements to support a determination that Belfius Bank will, in 
the near future, be unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; 
(iv) 
Belfius Bank requests extraordinary public financial support; 
(b) having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative 
private sector measures or supervisory action taken in respect of Belfius Bank would prevent the failure of 
Belfius Bank within a reasonable timeframe; and 
(c) a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. 
The BRRD specifies that governments will only be entitled to use public money to rescue credit institutions if a 
minimum of 8% of the own funds and total liabilities have been written down, converted or bailed in or, by way 
of derogation, if the contribution to loss absorption and recapitalisation is equal to an amount not less than 20% of 
risk-weighted assets and certain additional conditions are met. 
The exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of its resolution powers (including the statutory loss absorption 
powers) in relation to the Savings Certificates, or the (perceived) prospect of such exercise, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Savings Certificates and could lead to the holders of such Savings Certificates 
losing some or all of their investment in their Savings Certificates (subject to the application of the deposit 
protection regime). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that, on 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a proposal to adjust 
and further strengthen the EU’s existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance (the “CMDI Proposal”) 
framework, with a focus on medium-sized and smaller banks. The proposal would enable authorities to organise 
the orderly market exit for a failing bank of any size and business model, with a broad range of tools. In particular, 
it would facilitate the use of industry-funded safety nets to shield depositors in banking crises, such as by 
transferring them from an ailing bank to a healthy one. Such use of safety nets must only be a complement to the 
banks’ internal loss absorption capacity, which remains the first line of defence. If implemented as proposed, this 
may have an impact on the current supervisory and resolution powers applicable to credit institutions (such as 
Belfius Bank). The current CMDI Proposal proposes (i) to abolish the ‘super-preference' of deposit guarantee 
schemes in order to extend the privilege of depositors to a broader group of depositors that currently benefit from 
the privilege (this would mean that the privilege no longer only applies to depositors for deposits protected by the 
deposit protection regime); (ii) to create a single-tier ranking for all deposits (covered deposits and deposit 
guarantee schemes' claims, non-covered deposits of households and small and medium enterprises, other non-
covered deposits); and (iii) all deposits relative to ordinary unsecured claims would be preferred. Nevertheless, 
even though such legislative reform is aimed at improving the situation of depositors and holders of Savings 
Certificates, it is uncertain what the final legislative texts will provide and what their impact will be. 
With respect to the Savings Certificates, it should be noted that savings certificates issued by Belgian credit 
institutions, such as the Savings Certificates to be issued under this Base Prospectus, are to be considered as a 
“deposit” for purposes of the application of the Belgian deposit protection regime. As a result, the Savings 
Certificates are, subject to certain conditions, protected by the Belgian deposit protection regime. More 
information in this respect can be found on the website www.garantiefonds.belgium.be (the information on this 
website does not form part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus and has not been

--- Page 24 ---
24 
scrutinised or approved by the FSMA). The capital invested via the Savings Certificate (the principal amount) 
should be repaid by the Issuer on the Maturity Date of the relevant Savings Certificate. If the Issuer defaults on 
this payment obligation (e.g. as a result of a bankruptcy of the Issuer) and once an additional payment term has 
expired (currently 20 business days), the Savings Certificate is protected by the Savings Certificate for an amount 
of up to EUR 100,000 per person. The amount protected by the deposit protection regime is not subject to the 
“bail-in” resolution tool. However, it should be stressed that the maximum amount of EUR 100,000 protected 
under the Belgian deposit protection regime is calculated per person and per credit institution for the aggregate 
amount of all eligible deposits held by the relevant person with the relevant credit institution. This means that the 
aggregate amount of the Savings Certificates and other eligible deposits held by the relevant person with the 
relevant credit institution should be calculated. Legal persons holding the Savings Certificates should assess 
whether they are eligible for the Belgian deposit protection regime, as this eligibility is subject to certain 
conditions.  
2.2.1.3. A holder’s return on the Savings Certificates may be affected by inflation 
The real return which an investor will receive on its Savings Certificates may be affected by inflation. Inflation 
risk is the risk that the future real value of an investment will be reduced by inflation over time, which could be 
caused by an increase in prices or a decrease in the value of money. Where inflation is high, as is the case in the 
current economic climate, it is possible that the real return which an investor will receive on its Savings Certificates 
will be reduced or will even be negative. 
2.2.1.5. The market value of an issue of Savings Certificates can be affected by various factors 
The market value of an issue of Savings Certificates will be affected by a number of factors, including, but not 
limited to, market interest and yield rates, volatility in the market, the creditworthiness of the Issuer, the time 
remaining to any redemption date or maturity date, and economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions. The price at which a holder will be able to sell any Savings Certificates prior to maturity may be at 
a discount, which could be substantial, to the market value of such Savings Certificates on the issue date. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
2.2.1.6. A holder’s actual yield on the Savings Certificates may be reduced from the stated yield by 
transaction costs 
When Savings Certificates are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These incidental costs may significantly 
reduce or even exclude the profit potential of the Savings Certificates. Certain fees and costs are set out in this 
Base Prospectus, but there may be other fees and costs which may impact the holders’ actual yield. In addition to 
such costs directly related to the purchase of securities (direct costs), holders of Savings Certificates must also take 
into account any other costs (such as custody fees). Investors should inform themselves about any additional costs 
which they may incur in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the Savings Certificates before investing 
in the Savings Certificates.  
2.2.1.7. Risks related to reinvesting risk 
Holders are exposed to the reinvestment risk in several situations. For example, reinvestment risk arises in a 
declining interest rate environment because holders of Savings Certificates will only be able to reinvest the 
principal and/or interest paid to them at lower interest rates compared to the interest rates prevailing at the time 
they subscribed the Savings Certificates.  
2.2.1.8. Risks related to tax position of the investors and change of tax law 
Investors should note that the tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the issuer’s country of 
incorporation (Belgium) may have an impact on the income received from the securities. In case of doubt in respect 
of the risks associated with the Savings Certificates and in order to assess their adequacy with their personal risk

--- Page 25 ---
25 
profile, investors should consult their own tax experts about the risks associated with an investment in these 
Savings Certificates. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Savings Certificates are, save to the extent referred to therein, based on legislation 
in effect as at the date of issue of the Savings Certificates. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible judicial decision or changes to the laws in Belgium, other jurisdictions (such as FATCA under US law) or 
on a supranational level (e.g. the EU Financial Transaction Tax) or in the administrative practice after the date of 
issue of the Savings Certificates. Investors should note that the provisions of the Terms and Conditions contain 
certain provisions dealing with a change of law. Such provisions will be applied in accordance with the law in 
force at the relevant time. 
In addition, any relevant tax law or practice applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus and/or the date of 
purchase or subscription of the Savings Certificates may change at any time (including during any subscription 
period or the term of the Savings Certificates). Any such change may have an adverse effect on a holder, including 
that the Savings Certificates may be redeemed before their due date, their liquidity may decrease and/or the tax 
treatment of amounts payable or receivable by or to an affected holder may be less than otherwise expected by 
such holder of Savings Certificates. 
2.2.2. Risks related to the terms of the Savings Certificates 
2.2.2.1. There is no limitation on the entry into, issuing or guaranteeing of debt ranking pari passu with the 
Savings Certificates, which may be required because of regulatory requirements, and any future debt may 
be on better terms than the Savings Certificates 
There is no restriction in the Conditions on the amount of debt which the Issuer may enter into, issue or guarantee. 
The Issuer may incur additional indebtedness or grant guarantees in respect of indebtedness or guarantees of third 
parties, including indebtedness and guarantees that rank pari passu with the Savings Certificates, which may have 
better terms than the Savings Certificates (e.g. in relation to events of default and covenants). The issue of any 
such securities or the incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by holders 
in case of default or insolvency. If the Issuer’s financial condition were to deteriorate, the holders could suffer 
direct and materially adverse consequences, including reduction of interest and principal and, if the Issuer were to 
be liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), the holders could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
The incurrence of additional indebtedness may be required based on regulatory requirements. In order to make the 
bail-in power under the BRRD effective, credit institutions (including Belfius Bank) must at all times meet a 
MREL so that there is sufficient capital and liabilities available to stabilise and recapitalise failing credit 
institutions. 
2.2.2.2. The Terms and Conditions of the Savings Certificates do not contain covenants  
The Terms and Conditions of the Savings Certificates place no restrictions on the amount of debt that the Issuer 
may issue. The issue of any such debt or securities may impact the amount recoverable by holders upon liquidation 
or resolution of the Issuer. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “There is no limitation on the 
entry into, issuing or guaranteeing of debt ranking pari passu with the Savings Certificates, which may be required 
because of regulatory requirements, and any future debt may be on better terms than the Savings Certificates”. 
In addition, the Savings Certificates do not require the Issuer to comply with financial ratios or otherwise limit 
their ability or that of their respective subsidiaries to incur additional debt, nor do they limit the Issuer’s or the  
ability to use cash to make investments or acquisitions, or the ability of the Issuer or its respective subsidiaries to 
pay dividends, repurchase shares or otherwise distribute cash to shareholders. Such actions could potentially affect 
the Issuer’s ability to service their respective debt obligations, including those of the Savings Certificates. 
2.2.2.3. No tax gross-up obligation 
Investors should be aware that pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Savings Certificates there are no gross-
up payments in respect of the Savings Certificates. This means that if additional taxes are imposed in respect of

--- Page 26 ---
26 
the Savings Certificates, there is no obligation for the Issuer to compensate the investors for any additional tax 
charge that they would incur as a result of such additional taxes. 
2.2.2.4. No holder of Savings Certificates may exercise or claim any right of set-off, netting, compensation 
or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Savings 
Certificates 
Subject to applicable law, no holder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, netting, compensation or retention 
in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Savings Certificates and 
each holder of Savings Certificates shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of a Savings Certificate, 
be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, netting, compensation and retention. 
2.2.2.5. Issuer substitution 
Pursuant to Condition 7.18, in case of dissolution, liquidation, reconstruction, merger, amalgamation or any other 
kind of legal reorganisation, the Issuer may, without any further consent or cooperation from the holders of the 
Savings Certificates, at any time, procure that any affiliated or associated corporation of the Issuer is substituted 
for the relevant Issuer as the debtor under the Terms and Conditions to be offered by assigning all its rights and 
obligations to such other corporation, provided that certain preconditions are fulfilled (including the requirement 
the Substituted Issuer must have a long-term debt rating of at least the same level as the one of the relevant Issuer 
at the time of substitution). Notwithstanding each of these preconditions being satisfied prior to any such 
substitution, there can be no guarantee that any such substitution will not have an adverse effect on the price of the 
Savings Certificates and subsequently lead to losses for the holders of the Savings Certificates if they sell the 
Savings Certificates.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
3. CHOICES MADE BY THE ISSUER 
The Issuer choose the Kingdom of Belgium as their home Member State for purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
According to article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer has chosen to issue the Savings Certificates under 
a base prospectus. The specific terms of each Category of Savings Certificates will be set forth in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
The Issuer has freely defined the order in the presentation of the required items included in the schedules of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 according to which this Base Prospectus is drawn up. The 
chosen presentation is a consequence of the combination of Annex 6 and Annex 14 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980. In order to enable the investors to identify in the presentation below the corresponding 
provisions of the relevant Annexes of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, cross-references will be 
made to the relevant Annexes of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and their subsections. Finally, 
any items which do not require, in their absence, an appropriate negative statement according to the relevant 
Annexes of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, are not included in the presentation when the Issuer 
so determines.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
4. RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
(Annex 6.1 and 14.1 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980) 
Belfius Bank as Issuer accepts responsibility for the information given in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms. 
The information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts 
and contains no omission likely to affect its import.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
5. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
- 
the audited consolidated accounts of Belfius Bank for the years ended 31 December 202115 and 
31 December 202216, including the reports of the statutory auditors in respect thereof; 
- 
the disclosure document on “Alternative Performance Measures” (the “APM”) for the years ended 31 
December 202117 and 31 December 202218; 
- 
the half-yearly report ended 30 June 2023 (the “Half-Yearly Report 2023”)19; and 
- 
the disclosure document on the APM for the half-year ended 30 June 202320. 
Such documents shall be incorporated by reference into and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for 
the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall 
not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of all documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained without charge from 
the offices of Belfius Bank and on the website of the Issuer at www.belfius.be. Potential investors in the relevant 
Savings Certificates should be aware that any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of, 
and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised nor approved by the 
FSMA. 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for: 
(i)  
the consolidated balance sheet, (ii) the consolidated statement of income, (iii) the consolidated statement 
of comprehensive income, (iv) the consolidated statement of change in equity (v) the consolidated cash 
flow statement, (vi) the notes to the consolidated financial statements, (vii) the audit report on the 
consolidated accounts, (viii) the non-consolidated balance sheet, (ix) the non-consolidated statement of 
income, (x) the audit report on the non-consolidated accounts as well as the APM for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022; and 
(i)  
the unaudited consolidated balance sheet, (ii) the unaudited consolidated statement of income, (iii) the 
unaudited consolidated statement of comprehensive income, (iv) the unaudited consolidated statement of 
change in equity, (v) unaudited consolidated cash flow statement, (vi) the limited review report on the 
consolidated accounts and (vii) the notes to the consolidated interim financial statements of Belfius Bank 
for the period ended 30 June 2022 as well as the APM for the half-year ended 30 June 2022. 
Solely the information listed in the tables below in respect of the annual reports for the years ended 
31 December 2021 and 2022 and the Half-Yearly Report 2023 is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
The other parts of the annual reports and the Half-Yearly Report 2023 are not incorporated by reference. They are 
either deemed not relevant for the investor or are already covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. The 
 
15 https://www.belfius.be/about-us/dam/corporate/investors/ratios-en-rapporten/belfius-reports/en/2021%20Annual%20Report.pdf.  
16 https://www.belfius.be/about-us/dam/corporate/investors/ratios-en-rapporten/belfius-
reports/en/Annual%20Report%20Belfius%20Bank%202022%20-%20ENG.pdf.  
17 https://www.belfius.be/about-us/dam/corporate/investors/ratios-en-rapporten/belfius-
reports/en/2021%20Alternative%20Performance%20Measures.pdf.  
18 https://www.belfius.be/about-us/dam/corporate/investors/ratios-en-rapporten/belfius-
reports/en/2022%20Alternative%20Performance%20Measures.pdf.  
19 https://www.belfius.be/about-us/dam/corporate/investors/ratios-en-rapporten/belfius-reports/en/1H%202023%20Half-
yearly%20report.pdf. 
20 https://www.belfius.be/about-us/dam/corporate/investors/ratios-en-rapporten/belfius-reports/en/1H%202023%20APM.pdf.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statement of income of Belfius Bank for the years ended 31 December 
2021 and 2022 can also be found in the section 6 “Belfius Bank”. 
 
 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
 
 
 
Annual 
Report 2021 
(English 
version) 
audited 
 
Annual 
Report 2022 
(English 
version) 
audited 
 
Half-Yearly 
Report 2023 
(English 
version) 
unaudited – 
condensed 
 
consolidated balance sheet 
 
238-239 
 
261-262 
 
93-94 
 
consolidated statement of income 
 
240 
 
263 
 
95 
 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
 
241-242 
 
264-265 
 
96-97 
 
consolidated statement of change in equity 
 
243-247 
 
266-270 
 
98-102 
 
consolidated cash flow statement 
 
248-249 
 
271-272 
 
103-104 
 
notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
252-394 
 
273-420 
 
105-192 
 
audit report on the consolidated accounts 
 
395-400 
 
421-426 
 
193 
 
non-consolidated balance sheet 
 
404-406 
 
428-429 
 
- 
 
non-consolidated statement of income 
 
407-408 
 
431-432 
 
- 
 
audit report on the non-consolidated accounts 
 
40921 
 
43322 
 
- 
 
 
APM for the financial years ended 31 December 2021, 31 December 2022 and 30 June 2023 
 
 
 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
 
 
 
Alternative 
performance 
measures 
2021 
 
Alternative 
performance 
measures 
2022 
 
Alternative 
performance 
measures 1H 
2023 
 
common equity tier 1 ratio 
 
1 
1 
1 
tier 1 ratio 
 
1 
1 
1 
total capital ratio 
 
1 
1 
1 
leverage ratio 
 
2 
2 
2 
solvency II ratio 
 
2 
2 
2 
liquidity coverage ratio 
 
2 
2 
2 
net stable funding ratio 
 
2 
2 
2 
net interest margin 
 
3 
3 
3 
 
21 The statutory report on the non-consolidated account is not included in the English version, but reference in such version is made to the 
French and the Dutch versions, available on these websites: https://www.belfius.be/about-us/dam/corporate/investors/ratios-en-
rapporten/belfius-reports/fr/2021%20Rapport%20Annuel.pdf (French version – as from page 420) and https://www.belfius.be/about-
us/dam/corporate/investors/ratios-en-rapporten/belfius-reports/nl/2021%20Jaarverslag.pdf (Dutch version – as from page 426). 
22 The statutory report on the non-consolidated account is not included in the English version, but reference in such version is made to the 
French and the Dutch versions, available on these websites: https://www.belfius.be/about-us/dam/corporate/investors/ratios-en-
rapporten/belfius-reports/fr/Rapport%20annuel%20Belfius%20Bank%202022%20-%20FR.pdf (French version – as from page 517) and 
https://www.belfius.be/about-us/dam/corporate/investors/ratios-en-rapporten/belfius-
reports/nl/Jaarverslag%20Belfius%20Bank%202022%20-%20NL.pdf (Dutch version – as from page 522).

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
 
 
 
Alternative 
performance 
measures 
2021 
 
Alternative 
performance 
measures 
2022 
 
Alternative 
performance 
measures 1H 
2023 
 
cost-income ratio 
 
3 
3 
3 
credit cost ratio 
 
3 
3 
3 
asset quality ratio 
 
4 
4 
4 
coverage ratio 
 
4 
4 
4 
return on equity 
 
4 
4 
4 
return on assets 
 
4 
4 
4 
return on normative regulatory equity 
 
5 
5 
5 
total savings and investments of commercial activities 
 
5 
5 
5 
total loans to customers 
 
6 
6 
6 
ALM liquidity bond portfolio 
 
6 
6 
6 
ALM yield bond portfolio 
 
6 
7 
7 
credit guarantee portfolio 
 
7 
7 
7 
funding diversification 
 
7 
7 
7 
life income margin 
 
8 
8 
- 
non-life expense ratio 
 
8 
9 
8 
non-life net loss ratio 
 
9 
9 
9 
adjusted results 
 
10 
10 
10

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
 
6. BELFIUS BANK SA/NV 
 
(Annex 6.4 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980) 
6.1. Belfius Bank profile 
Belfius Bank SA/NV (the “Issuer” or “Belfius Bank”) is a limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap/ 
société anonyme) established on 23 October 1962 for an unlimited duration and incorporated under Belgian law 
which collects savings from the public. The Issuer is licensed as a credit institution in accordance with the Banking 
Law. It is registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under business identification number 0403.201.185 
and has its registered office at 1210 Brussels, Place Charles Rogier 11, Belgium, telephone +32 22 22 11 11 and 
website https://www.belfius.be.23 Belfius Bank’s LEI code is A5GWLFH3KM7YV2SFQL84. The commercial 
name of the Issuer is Belfius Bank in English, Belfius Bank in Dutch and Belfius Banque in French. 
The share capital of Belfius Bank as at 30 June 2023 was EUR 3,458,066,227.41 and is represented by 359,412,616 
registered shares. The shareholding of Belfius Bank is as follows: 359,407,616 registered shares are held by the 
public limited company of public interest Federal Holding and Investment Company (“FHIC”), in its own name 
but on behalf of the Belgian State, and 5,000 registered shares are held by the public limited company Certi-Fed. 
Certi-Fed is a fully-owned subsidiary of FHIC. Belfius Bank shares are not listed.  
At the end of June 2023, total consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer amounted to EUR 178 billion. 
There have been no material contracts that are entered into in the ordinary course of Belfius Bank’s business which 
could result in any member of the Belfius group being under an obligation or an entitlement that is material to 
Belfius Bank’s ability to meet its obligations to the holders of Savings Certificates. 
The auditors of Belfius Bank for the historical financial information covered by this Base Prospectus are KPMG 
Reviseurs d’Entreprises SRL, Gateway building, Luchthaven Nationaal 1 K, 1930 Zaventem, Belgium, being a 
member of the Belgian Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren/lnstitut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises. KPMG Reviseurs 
d’Entreprises SRL were appointed as statutory auditors of Belfius Bank by its ordinary general meeting of 
shareholders held on 26 April 2023 for a term of three years.  
With an essentially Belgian balance sheet for its commercial activities and customers from all segments, Belfius 
Bank is in a position to act as a universal bank for eleven years now and to be “meaningful and inspiring for 
Belgian society”. Belfius Bank is committed to maximal customer satisfaction and added social value by offering 
products and providing services with added value through a modern distribution model. Thanks to a prudent 
investment policy and a carefully managed risk profile, Belfius Bank aspires to a sound financial profile that results 
in a solid liquidity and solvency position. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23 The information on this website does not form part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus, except where that 
information has been expressly incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
6.2. Simplified group structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
 
 
(1) For more details, see the list of subsidiaries in the consolidated financial statements in the 2022 annual report. 
(2) Belfius Lease Services operates under the same brand (logo) as Belfius Lease. 
(3) Following the strategic partnership with Candriam, one share of Belfius Asset Management is held by Candriam. 
Belfius Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to herein as “Belfius”. 
6.3. Main commercial subsidiaries 
The entities mentioned below are subsidiaries of the Issuer. 
Belfius Insurance 
Insurance company marketing life and non-life insurance products, savings products and investments for 
individuals, the self-employed, liberal professions, companies and the public and social sector. At the end of 2022, 
the total consolidated balance sheet of Belfius Insurance amounted to EUR 20 billion24. 
Crefius 
Company servicing and managing mortgage loans. At the end of 2022, the total balance sheet of Crefius amounted 
to EUR 24 million25. 
Belfius Auto Lease 
Company for operational vehicle leasing and car fleet management, maintenance and claims management services. 
At the end of 2022, the total balance sheet of Belfius Auto Lease amounted to EUR 513 million26.  
Belfius Lease 
Company for financial leasing and renting of professional capital goods. At the end of 2022, the total balance sheet 
of Belfius Lease amounted to EUR 1,058 million27.  
 
24 For more details, see the 2022 annual report of Belfius Insurance. 
25 Total IFRS balance sheet before consolidation adjustments. 
26 Total IFRS balance sheet before consolidation adjustments. 
27 Total IFRS balance sheet before consolidation adjustments.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Belfius Lease Services 
Financial leasing and renting of professional capital goods to the self-employed, companies and liberal professions. 
At the end of 2022, the total balance sheet of Belfius Lease Services amounted to EUR 2,556 million28.  
Belfius Commercial Finance 
Company for financing commercial loans to debtors, debtor in-solvency risk cover and debt recovery from debtors 
(factoring). At the end of 2022, the total balance sheet of Belfius Commercial Finance amounted to EUR 1,371 
million29.  
Belfius Asset Management 
Company for administration and management of investment funds. At the end of 2022, the total balance sheet of 
Belfius Asset Management amounted to EUR 179 million30 and assets under management amounted to EUR 28.4 
billion. 
6.4. Financial results 
6.4.1 Results 202231 
Belfius’ consolidated net income reached EUR 975 million in 2022, driven by strong commercial dynamics and 
increasing income and despite inflationary pressures on the cost side. 
Total income amounted to EUR 2,982 million in 2022, up +10% or EUR +279 million compared to 2021 
(EUR 2,703 million) thanks to:  
 
strong increase of the net interest income of Belfius Bank, in sharply rising interest rate environment, by 
+8% (EUR 1,752 million in 2022 compared to EUR 1,623 million in 2021) driven by (a) improving 
interest margin on non-maturing deposits, (b) positive impact from the TLTRO III and ECB deposit 
tiering till 23 November 2022 and (c) higher margin on the large liquidity buffer held in cash during the 
year; 
 
outstanding resilience of the net fee and commission income of Belfius Bank growing by +3% (EUR 757 
million in 2022 compared to EUR 732 million in 2021) mainly thanks to higher payment service fees and 
resilient fees from asset management services (in line with Belfius‘ Bank for Investors’ strategy);  
 
growing insurance contribution to income, with strong life insurance income (EUR 338 million in 2022 
compared to EUR 302 million in 2021), mainly thanks to continuously strong financial margin on life 
insurance reserves (including a partial release of excess reserves), complemented with rising non-life 
insurance income (EUR 226 million in 2022 compared to EUR 210 million in 2021), where growing non-
life activity has been partially neutralised by higher claims cost due to inflationary pressures and to the 
storms of the first quarter of 2022; 
 
other income amounted to EUR -91 million in 2022, less negative than in 2021 (EUR -165 million). The 
year-on-year delta is mainly stemming from stronger results in financial markets activities, higher 
contribution from Belfius’ subsidiaries, positive impacts from higher interest rates and credit spread 
hedges, despite continuously higher bank levies (EUR 264 million in 2022 compared to EUR 256 million 
in 2021). 
Belfius continued to develop its strong footprint, in operational, commercial and financial terms, by investing in 
brand, human talent and digital capital. The year 2022 has been marked by very strong investments in Belfius’ 
brand positioning, with amongst others successful campaigns towards Entrepreneurs and Corporates, and the 
 
28 Total IFRS balance sheet before consolidation adjustments. 
29 Total IFRS balance sheet before consolidation adjustments. 
30 Total IFRS balance sheet before consolidation adjustments. 
31 Results 2022 are disclosed according to IFRS4/9

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Private and Wealth segments in Belgium. Nevertheless, the increase of operating costs by +10% (EUR 1,620 
million in 2022 compared to EUR 1,477 million in 2021) remained well below the increase of income, leading to 
a further improving C/I ratio at 54% in 2022 (compared to 55% in 2021), despite inflationary pressures and these 
investments in brand, human and digital capital. 
All in all, the combination of strong income dynamics, rising interest rate environment, disciplined cost strategy, 
notwithstanding inflationary pressures and unfavourable financial markets and continuing investments in 
commercial activities, ESG, IT and digitalisation, led to an increase in pre-provision income by +11%, to 
EUR 1,362 million in 2022 compared to EUR 1,226 million in 2021. 
In 2022, Belfius again made a detailed review of its credit risk portfolio and continued to calibrate its IFRS 9 
provisions. As a result of: 
 
the Russian invasion in Ukraine aggravating the geopolitical, economic and financial turmoil; 
 
additional Covid-19 related lockdowns in China; and  
 
historically very high inflation readings worldwide,  
the anticipated economic recovery as of end 2021 was tempered and worldwide short and medium-term economic 
growth estimates continuously decreased.  
In this multi-dimensional change of the economic and financial environment, Belfius decided to increase its risk 
provisions, resulting in an overall cost of risk 2022 of EUR -106 million (net allowance) compared to 
EUR +1 million or a net reversal in 2021. 
As a result, the net income before taxes amounted to EUR 1,255 million compared to EUR 1,226 million in 2021.  
The tax expenses amounted to EUR 279 million in 2022 compared to EUR 290 million in 2021, notwithstanding 
higher taxable profit. The consolidated effective tax rate stood at 22%, slightly below the statutory tax rate (25% 
in 2021), benefitting from higher non-taxable results (positive result on credit spread hedges in Ireland, capital 
gains on real estate project, etc.) and innovation deduction regime in line with Belfius’ innovation investments. 
As a consequence, consolidated net income 2022 reached EUR 975 million compared to EUR 935 million in 2021. 
This is Belfius’ highest net income since its origins, back in 2011. 
In terms of financial robustness, Belfius continues to combine dynamic growth with solid solvency, liquidity and 
risk metrics: 
 
the CET1 ratio stood at 16.55%, up +0.17 pp compared to December 2021. This increase is mainly 
explained by a decreased credit risk exposure following a release of the NBB macroprudential add-on on 
mortgage loans exposure and a decrease in financial market exposures following positive market 
parameter evolutions, partially offset by an increase in credit risk due to higher commercial volumes;  
 
this strong and solid CET1 level is net of a 40% dividend pay-out ratio, hence a 2022 dividend of EUR 
384.4 million32, thanks to which Belfius continued to support its commercial franchise development; 
 
total capital ratio stood at 19.8%, stable compared to end 2021; 
 
the leverage ratio decreased to 6.3%, down -0.87 pp compared to December 2021, due to a higher leverage 
exposure by EUR +22.8 billion than in 2021, stemming mainly from the end of a COVID-19 release 
measure for partial exclusion of Central Bank exposures and from higher off balance volumes; 
 
insurance activities also posted continued solid solvency metrics, with a Solvency II ratio of 193% end 
of December 2022; 
 
32 As decided by the Board of Directors of 21 March 2023 and as approved by the General Assembly of 26 April 2023 over 2022 year-end 
results.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Belfius also showed an excellent liquidity and funding profile with a LCR of 173%33 and a NSFR of 
135%; 
 
total shareholders’ equity (Net Asset Value) further improved to EUR 11.1 billion at the end of 2022 
(compared to EUR 11.0 billion at the end of 2021), as a result of strong financial results despite 
unfavourable financial markets. 
Prospects 
Save as disclosed in Section 6 “Belfius Bank”, there has been (i) no material adverse change in the prospects of 
the Issuer on a consolidated basis since 31 December 2022 and (ii) there are no known trends, uncertainties, 
demands, commitments or events that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on the prospects of the Issuer 
for the current financial year. 
Save as disclosed in Section 6.7 “Non-adjusting post-balance sheet events” of Section 6 “Belfius Bank”, there has 
been no significant change in the financial position or the financial performance of the Issuer since 30 June 2023. 
Save as disclosed in Section 6.11 “Litigation” of Section 11 “Belfius Bank”, neither the Issuer nor any of its 
subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the 
date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries. 
Significant changes in the financial performance 
Other than as set out in this Base Prospectus, there have been no significant changes in the financial performance 
of Belfius Bank since the date of its last published audited financial statements. 
6.4.2 Results for the first half of 202334 
Belfius’ consolidated net income in the first half of 2023 stood at EUR 479 million, driven by strong commercial 
dynamics and increasing income, and despite inflationary pressures on the cost side. 
Total income amounted to EUR 1,870 million in the first half of 2023, up +12% or EUR +202 million compared 
to the first half of 2022 (EUR 1,669 million) thanks to:  
 
 
increase of the net interest income bank by +30% (EUR 1,050 million in the first half of 2023 vs EUR 
808 million in the first half of 2022) in sharply rising interest rate environment, driven by overall 
improving interest margin on growing commercial activities and on Belfius’ solid liquidity buffer. This 
overall growth of interest margin is somewhat softened by:  
o 
volume shift from non maturing deposits towards term funding, 
o 
pressure on new loan margins from general market delay between loan pricings and sharp 
increases of market interest rates, and 
o 
continued strong competition in the Belgian loan market;  
 
 
rather stable and resilient net fee and commission income bank from EUR 377 million in the first half of 
2022 to EUR 378 million in the first half of 2023, mainly thanks to higher payment fees as well as 
continuously growing fees from growing Life and Non-Life insurance activities through the banking 
network;  
 
lower insurance contribution to income with decreasing Life insurance income (EUR 211 million in the 
first half of 2023 vs EUR 234 million in the first half of 2022) and growing Non-Life insurance income 
 
33 Twelve-month average 
34 Results as per the first half of 2023 are disclosed according to IFRS17/9.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
(EUR 409 million in the first half of 2023 vs EUR 391 million in the first half of 2022), thanks to portfolio 
growth and premium indexation to cover inflation impact on insurance service expenses  
 
other income at EUR -177 million in the first half of 2023 compared to EUR -141 million in the first half 
of 2022, mainly stemming from higher bank levies in the first half of 2023, partially offset by higher 
positive contribution from activities serviced out the dealing room stemming from higher interest rates.  
Insurance Service Expenses adjusted for directly attributable costs for insurance contracts and reinsurance amount 
to EUR -334 million in the first half of 2023 vs EUR -406 million in the first half of 2022 mainly due to Non-Life 
thanks to the recalibration of the confidence interval to 77.5% and absence of natural catastrophes’ claims in the 
first half of 2023 while the first half of 2022 was impacted by February 2022 storms and increased inflation 
assumptions on Best Estimate calculation.  
Belfius continued to develop its strong footprint in operational, commercial and financial terms, by investing in 
human talent and digital capital. The first six months of 2023 have been marked by further investments in 
technology as well as in human capital. Costs35 went up by +9% at EUR 843 million in the first half of 2023 vs 
EUR 776 million in 1H 2022 due to inflationary pressures and these growth investments. However, thanks to the 
solid income evolution y-o-y, Belfius’ C/I ratio further improved at 45% in 1H 2023 compared to 47% in 1H 2022. 
The C/I ratio, adjusted for linearization of bank levies both at bank and insurance side, remained stable at 42% in 
the first half of 2023, compared to 43% in the first half of 2022.  
All in all, the combination of strong income dynamics and improved insurance service expenses adjusted, despite 
growing operating expenses as well as continuing investments in commercial activities, ESG, IT and digitalization, 
led to an increase in pre-provision income by +43%, to EUR 694 million in the first half of 2023 (vs EUR 487 
million in the first half of 2022)  
In the first half of 2023, Belfius made again a detailed review of its credit risk portfolio and continued to calibrate 
its IFRS 9 provisions. Belfius continues to evolve its credit risk provisioning in synchronization with such 
transforming context, where inflationary pressures currently still “win” from recession risk, and where economic 
growth continues to show more resilience than formerly anticipated in general. 
The former best estimate “ex-ante provisioning” of expected losses due to the effects of the Covid-crisis, including 
expert based overlays for some Covid-impacted sectors, has been:  
●   adjusted for improving economic outlooks;  
●   redirected from Covid-induced overlays for vulnerable sectors to Inflation and Energy related vulnerabilities.  
This led in the first half of 2023 to a negative cost of risk of EUR -17 million (net allowance) - compared to EUR 
+13 million or a net reversal in the first half of 2022. As a result, the net income before taxes amounted to EUR 
676 million in the first half of 2023 compared to EUR 500 million in the first half of 2022. The tax expenses 
amounted to EUR 196 million in the first half of 2023 compared to EUR 105 million in the first half of 2022, 
showing an effective tax rate (29%) above the statutory tax rate (25%). The higher IFRS taxes in the first half of 
2023 are mainly the result of a higher consolidated result before tax than in the first half of 2022 and the limitation 
of the NTK36  deductibility to 20% since the start of the year (compared to 100% the previous years). As a 
consequence, consolidated net income the first half of 2023 reached EUR 479 million compared to EUR 394 
million in the first half of 2022. This is Belfius’ highest first half net income since its origins, back in 2011.  
In terms of financial solidity metrics, Belfius continues to combine dynamic growth with sound solvency, liquidity 
and risk metrics. As at 30 June 2023: 
 
35 Including directly attributable costs for insurance contracts. 
36  Belgian tax on credit institutions.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
the CET137 ratio stood at 16.49%, up 5 bps compared to the CET1 ratio as of December 2022. The 
increase over 2023 is mainly the result of higher CET1 capital (EUR +160 million) compensated by 
higher regulatory risk exposures (EUR +778 million to EUR 64.9 billion);  
 
the total capital ratio stood at 20.05%38 compared to 19.8% end 2022; 
 
the leverage ratio39 increased by 12 bps to 6.3% compared to the end of December 2022. The increase is 
the result of the higher regulatory Tier 1 capital ,and a slightly lower leverage exposure measure mainly 
driven by a slight decrease in the balance sheet;  
 
insurance activities also displayed continued solid solvency metrics, with a Solvency II ratio of 195% end 
of June 2023; 
 
end of June 2023, Belfius continued to show an excellent liquidity and funding profile with a LCR of 
156% and a NSFR of 133%; 
 
6.5. Minimum CET 1 requirements (SREP) 
Belfius Bank reports on its solvency position on a consolidated level and on a statutory level in line with the revised 
Capital Requirements Regulation and Directive, commonly referred to as CRR 2 and CRD 5: 
(a) 
the minimum capital requirements ("Pillar 1 requirements") as defined by Article 92 of Regulation (EU) 
2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 (CRR 2); 
(b) 
the capital requirements that are imposed by the decision following the SREP pursuant to Article 16(2)(a) 
of Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013 and which go beyond the Pillar 1 requirements (“Pillar 2 
requirements”); 
(c) 
the combined buffer requirement as defined in Article 128(6) of Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU (CRD 5). 
 
Minimum CET 1 ratio Requirement 
(in %) 
2022
1H 2023
Pillar I minimum 
4.50%
4.50%
Pillar II requirement 
1.198%
1.204%
Capital conservation buffer 
2.50%
2.50%
Buffer for (other) domestic systemically important institutions 
1.50%
1.50%
Countercyclical buffer 
0.06%
0.08%
Sectoral systemic risk buffer 
0.30%
0.29%
MINIMUM CET 1 CAPITAL RATIO REQUIREMENT 
10.051%
10.074%
Pillar II guidance 
0.75%
0.75%
MINIMUM CET 1 CAPITAL RATIO GUIDANCE 
10.801%
10.824%
 
Following the annual “Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process” finalised at the end of 2022, Belfius has to 
comply with a minimum CET1 ratio for the first half of 2023 of 10.074% (before Pillar 2 Guidance)  
 a Pillar 1 minimum of 4.5%;  
 
37  The pro forma takes into account the implementation of IFRS 17 as well as the IFRS 9 business model reassessment on 1 January 2023, where a reclassification of EUR 8.9bn has taken place from the Belfius Insurance 
portfolio of loans and debt securities measured at amortised cost to loans and debt securities measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
38 The pro forma takes into account the implementation of IFRS 17 as well as the IFRS 9 business model reassessment on 1 January 2023, where a reclassification of EUR 8.9bn has taken place from the Belfius Insurance 
portfolio of loans and debt securities measured at amortised cost to loans and debt securities measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
39 The pro forma takes into account the implementation of IFRS 17 as well as the IFRS 9 business model reassessment on 1 January 2023, where a reclassification of EUR 8.9bn has taken place from the Belfius Insurance 
portfolio of loans and debt securities measured at amortised cost to loans and debt securities measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 a Pillar 2 Requirement (P2R) of 1.204% (after split of 2.14% P2R);  
 a capital conservation buffer (CCB) of 2.5%;  
 a buffer for (other) domestic systemically important institutions (O-SII buffer) of 1.5% (imposed by the 
National Bank of Belgium);  
 a sectoral systemic risk buffer of 0.29%;  
 a countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB) of 0.08% 
 
Note that in line with the resilience of Belfius in the EBA stress test, the Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G) is set at 0.75% 
on the CET1 ratio so far. As a result, Belfius has to comply with a minimum CET1 ratio of 10.824% for the first 
half of 2023 (to compare with 10.801% in 2022).  
The consolidated CET1 ratio of Belfius at the end of June 2023 stood at 16.49%, well above the 2023 applicable 
CET1 capital requirement of 10.074%  
Further to these regulatory requirements, Belfius stated in its Risk Appetite Framework that, in normal market 
circumstances and under stable regulations, it would strive to respect a minimum operational CET1 ratio of 13.5%, 
on solo and consolidated levels.  
6.6.  Activities40 
Analytically, Belfius splits its activities and accounts in three segments: Individuals (IND), Entrepreneurs, 
Enterprises and Public (E&E&P) and Group Center. 
 
Individuals (IND), managing the commercial relationships with individual customers both at bank and 
insurance level. Within the Individuals segment, we distinguish 4 subsegments: Savers, Investors, Private 
and Wealth;  
 
Entrepreneurs, Enterprises and Public entities (E&E&P), managing the commercial relationships with 
public and social sector, business and corporate clients both at bank and insurance level; 
 
Group Center (GC), containing the residual results not allocated to the two commercial segments. This 
mainly consists of results from central ALM (interest rate and liquidity) and Bonds and Derivatives 
portfolio management. 
Individuals (IND) activities and result in the first half of 2023 
At 30 June 2023, total savings and investments amounted to EUR 120.6 billion, an increase of 3.7% compared 
with the end of 2022. The organic growth in 2023 amounted to EUR 2.5 billion, stemming mainly from the large 
increase in maturing deposits (term deposits and bonds), which benefit from transfer of non maturing deposits and 
from solid performances in mutual funds & My Portfolio while the organic growth of non maturing Deposits 
decreased by EUR 1 billion.  
Non maturing deposits totalled EUR 61.5 billion at 30 June 2023, down -1.6% from the end of 2022. The current 
and savings accounts outstanding reached EUR 13.7 billion (-1.5%) and EUR 47.8 billion (-1.6%) respectively at 
the end of June 2023.  
Maturing deposits and Branch 21 amounted to EUR 15.6 billion, strong increase of 18.3% compared to the end of 
2022. Mainly thanks to term deposits which benefit from higher interest rates and amounted to EUR 2.9 billion at 
the end of June 2023 coming from EUR 1.3 billion at the end of 2022. Bonds volumes increased by 9.3% to EUR 
8.6 billion. 
Asset Management Services and Equity investments increased by +7.1% compared to the end of 2022, to EUR 
40.0 billion. The increase in Asset Management Services (EUR 2.5 billion) stems mainly from positive market 
 
40 Belfius, as integrated bank-insurer, has released its the first half of 2023 results in accordance with the new accounting standard IFRS17 with 
regards to insurance activities. Consequently, the balance sheet and P&L figures, as well as specific ratios, have been changed or redefined. 
All these changes have been implemented with retroactive effect to the 2022 results. Next to this, please note that during 2023 a refinement 
of the segmentation occurred. This may implicate that there are some slight reclassifications compared to the published 2022 figures.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
effect of EUR +1.8 billion and positive organic growth of EUR +0.6 billion, particularly in My Portfolio in the 
first half of 2023.  
Total loans to customers rose (+2.2%) to EUR 49.6 billion at 30 June 2023. Mortgage loans, which account for 
90% of all loans for Individuals, amounted to EUR 44.7 billion at 30 June 2023 (+1.8% compared to the end of 
2022), while consumer loans and other loans to Individuals stood at EUR 1.8 billion and EUR 3.1 billion 
respectively. 
New long-term loans granted to Individuals clients during 1H 2023 amounted to EUR 3.3 billion compared to 
EUR 5.3 billion in the first half of 2022. In 1H 2023, the new production of mortgage loans decreased to EUR 2.6 
billion due to the contraction of the Belgian mortgage market. During the same period, EUR 0.4 billion in consumer 
loans and EUR 0.3 billion in new long-term business loans were granted.  
The total insurance premiums (GWP) from customers in the Individuals segment amounted to EUR 659 million 
in the first half of 2023, compared with EUR 685 million in the first half of 2022, an increase of +4.0%. Non-Life 
& Health insurance premiums (GWP) in the first half of 2023 stood at EUR 336 million, up 6.5% compared to the 
first half of 2022, continuously boosted by the bank distribution channel (+9.5%), thanks to both portfolio growth 
and premium indexation to compensate for inflation pressure on claims and costs  
The mortgage loan cross-sell ratio for credit balance insurance increased to 136% (measured as capital 
insured/mortgage amount) at the end of the first half of 2023. The mortgage loan cross-sell ratio for property 
insurance remained stable at 88% compared to end December 2022. Total Life insurance reserves, in the 
Individuals segment, amounted to EUR 9.8 billion, stable compared to end December 2022. 
Individuals net income after tax Group Share increased by 31.4% from EUR 193 million in the first half of 2022 
to EUR 254 million in the first half of 2023. 
Entrepreneurs, Enterprises & Public (E&E&P)’s activities and result in the first half of 2023 
As of 30 June 2023, total savings and investments amounted to EUR 61.6 billion, decreasing with -2.2% compared 
to the end of 2022. The non maturing deposits (savings and current accounts) decreased strongly from EUR 39.6 
billion to reach EUR 33.8 billion in June 2023, showing an important shift towards the maturing deposits, which 
increased from EUR 6.3 billion end 2022 to EUR 10.2 billion as of end June 2023. Asset Management Services 
and Equity investments remained stable around EUR 9 billion, if compared to 2022. Other Savings and 
Investments increased by EUR 0.4 billion to EUR 8.5 billion, explained by the increase of Commercial Paper 
volumes. 
Total outstanding loans increased to EUR 62.4 billion (+1.9% vs end 2022). Most of the increase stems from the 
Corporate customers’ outstanding loans (+EUR 1.1 billion) which reached EUR 23.4 billion due to high production 
on roll-over loans. The remaining increase has come from the Business customers reaching EUR 15.2 billion in 
outstanding, while in Public & Social Banking, the outstanding loans remained stable around EUR 24 billion when 
compared to 2022. 
In the first half of 2023, Belfius granted EUR 8.4 billion (+14% vs the first half of 2022) in new long-term loans 
in the Belgian economy to Business, Corporate and Public and Social sector clients.  
By the end of June 2023, EUR 2.1 billion in new long-term loans to business clients were granted. Belfius assisted 
44,104 starters of 3 years or less of which 13,261 are starters of less than 1 year.  
The production of long-term loans for Corporate customers amounted to EUR 5 billion (+29% increase compared 
to June 2022), confirming Belfius’ position as one of the top four banks in the segment. Its market share in terms 
of loans reached an estimated 19% at the end of June 2023.  
During the first half of 2023, Belfius granted EUR 1.4 billion of new long-term financing to the public sector. 
Belfius remains the undisputed leader in this market and responds to every financing tender from public bodies, to 
which it offers sustainable financing conditions. Belfius manages the cash flow of virtually all local authorities 
and was awarded 58% (in volume on production) of the public sector financing files put out to tender in 1H 2023.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Belfius also confirmed its leading position in the Debt Capital Markets (DCM) for (semi-)public and private 
companies. During the first half of 2023, Belfius placed EUR 1.14 billion in new long term bond issues and 
Medium Term Notes for third party issuers. At the end of June 2023, total outstanding in short-term commercial 
paper amounted to EUR 4.54 billion. This brings the total amount of innovative short-term and long-term DCM 
funding solutions for Belgian third party issuers in the first half of 2023 at EUR 5.68 billion.  
The E&E&P segment’s commercial results in insurance increased in terms of underwriting volumes, in particular 
for:  
 
Non-Life & Health GWP E&E&P: increase of +7.0% compared to the first half of 2022 to EUR 115 
million, mostly driven by premium indexation to compensate inflation pressure, but also improving 
thanks to portfolio growth for Business Insurance (mainly DVV); 
 
Life GWP E&E&P: increase of +4.6% compared to the first half of 2022 to EUR 195 million. 
Net income after tax Group share increased from EUR 217 million in the first half of 2022 to EUR 278 million in 
the first half of 2023 mainly due to an important increase of interest income in 2023. 
 
Group Center (GC) activities and result in the first half of 2023 
Group Center (GC) operates through two sub-segments: 
 
Run-off portfolios, inherited from the Dexia era, which mainly comprise: 
o 
a portfolio of bonds issued by international issuers, particularly active in the public and regulated 
utilities sector (which includes UK inflation-linked bonds) and ABS/RMBS, the so-called ALM Yield 
bond portfolio; 
o 
a portfolio of credit guarantees, comprising credit default swaps and financial guarantees written on 
underlying bonds issued by international issuers, and partially hedged by Belfius with monoline 
insurers (mostly Assured Guaranty); and  
o 
a portfolio of derivatives with Dexia entities as counterparty and with other foreign counterparties; 
 
ALM liquidity and rate management and other Group Center activities, composed of liquidity and rate 
management of Belfius (including its ALM Liquidity bond portfolio, derivatives used for ALM 
management and the management of central assets) and other activities not allocated to commercial 
activities, such as financial market support services (e.g. Treasury), the management of two former 
specific loan files inherited from the Dexia era (loans to Gemeentelijke Holding/Holding Communal and 
Arco entities), and the Group Center of Belfius Insurance. 
These portfolios and activities are further described below. 
ALM Liquidity bond portfolio  
The ALM Liquidity bond portfolio is part of Belfius Bank’s total LCR liquidity buffer and is well diversified with 
high credit and liquidity quality. 
At the end of the first half of 2023, the ALM Liquidity bond portfolio stood at EUR 7.8 billion41, up EUR 0.7 billion, 
or 9.6%, compared with December 2022. At the end of the first half of 2023, the portfolio was composed of sovereign 
and public sector bonds (60%), covered bonds (33%), corporate bonds (7%) and asset-backed securities (<1%). Belgian 
and Italian government bonds in the ALM Liquidity bond portfolio amounted to EUR 1.5 billion42 and EUR 0.9 
billion43 respectively. 
 
41 Nominal amount. 
42 Nominal amount. 
43 Nominal amount.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
At the end of the first half of 2023, the ALM Liquidity bond portfolio had an average life of 7.2 years, and an 
average rating of A (100% of the portfolio being investment grade) compared with A- at year-end 2022. 
ALM Yield bond portfolio  
The ALM Yield bond portfolio of Belfius Bank was used to manage excess liquidity (after optimal commercial 
use in the business lines) and consisted mainly of high-quality bonds from international issuers. 
At the end of the first half of 2023, the ALM Yield bond portfolio stood at EUR 3.1 billion44, down 1.8%, compared 
with December 2022, and was composed of corporates (79%), sovereign and public sector (11%), asset-backed 
securities (7%), and financial institutions (4%). Most corporate bonds, composed mainly of long-term inflation-
linked bonds, are issued by highly regulated UK hospitals, infrastructure companies and utilities such as water and 
gas distribution companies. These bonds are of investment grade credit quality and the majority of these bonds are 
covered by credit protection from a credit insurer (monoline insurer) that is independent from the bond issuer 
At the end of the first half of 2023, the ALM Yield bond portfolio had an average life of 19.2 years. The average 
rating of the ALM Yield bond portfolio stood at A-. 95% of the portfolio was investment grade.  
Derivatives with Dexia entities and foreign counterparties 
During the period it was part of the Dexia Group, the former Dexia Bank Belgium (now Belfius Bank) was Dexia 
Group’s competence centre for derivatives (mainly interest rate swaps): this meant that all Dexia entities were able 
to cover their market risks with derivatives with Dexia Bank Belgium, mainly under standard contractual terms 
related to cash collateral. The former Dexia Bank Belgium systematically re-hedged these derivative positions 
externally, as a result of which these derivatives broadly appear twice in Belfius’ accounts: once in relation to 
Dexia entities and once for hedging.  
The total outstanding notional amount of derivatives with Dexia entities and interest rate derivatives with 
international counterparties amounted to EUR 7.6 billion45 at the end of the first half of 2023, down EUR 0.5 
billion, or -7%, compared with EUR 8.1 billion at the end of December 2022. 
Derivatives with Dexia entities decreased by 7% (or EUR -0.4 billion) to EUR 5.7 billion at the end of 1H 2023. 
This decrease is due mainly to amortisations. Derivatives with international counterparties decreased by EUR 0.1 
billion (or -5%) to EUR 1.9 billion at the end of the first half of 2023. 
The fair value of Dexia and international counterparty derivatives amounted to EUR 0.5 billion and EUR 0.2 
billion respectively at the end of the first half of 2023. The Dexia derivatives are collateralised while the 
international counterparty derivatives are generally not collateralised. The Exposure At Default (EAD) amounted 
to EUR 0.7 billion. 
At the end of first half of 2023, the average rating of the total portfolio stood at A- and the average life of the 
portfolio stood at 10.7 years46. 
Credit guarantees 
At the end of the first half of 2023, the credit guarantees portfolio amounted to EUR 2.0 billion47, flat compared 
with December 2022. It relates essentially to Financial Guarantees (booked in Amortised Cost), and Credit Default 
Swaps (booked in Fair Value Through P&L) issued on corporate/ public issuer bonds (97%) and ABS (3%). The 
good credit quality of the underlying reference bond portfolio, additional protection against credit risk incorporated 
in the bond itself and the protections purchased by Belfius, mainly from various monoline insurers resulted in a 
portfolio that is 97% investment grade in terms of credit risk profile. 
 
44 Nominal amount 
45 Nominal amount. 
46 Calculated on EAD 
47 Nominal amount.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
At the end of the first half of 2023, the average rating of the portfolio stood at A- (compared with A- at year end 
2022). The average life of the portfolio stood at 11.4 years. 
Other Group Center activities 
Other activities allocated to Group Center include: 
 
the interest rate and liquidity transformation activity performed within ALM, after internal transfer pricing 
with commercial business lines, including the use of derivatives for global ALM management; 
 
the management of two legacy loan files inherited from the Dexia era, i.e., the investment loans to two 
groups in liquidation, namely Gemeentelijke Holding/Holding Communal and some Arco entities; 
 
the flow management, including hedge management, of internal and external interest rate derivative flows 
given that Group Center is the Belfius Competence Centre for interest rate derivatives; 
 
treasury activities (money market activities); and 
 
the results including revenue and costs on assets and liabilities not allocated to a specific business line. 
The Group Center of Belfius Insurance is also fully allocated to these other Group Center activities. The Belfius 
Insurance Group Center contains income from assets not allocated to a specific business line, the cost of Belfius 
Insurance’s subordinated debt, the results of certain of its subsidiaries and costs that are not allocated to a specific 
business line. 
GC net income after tax Group Share stood at EUR 53 million in the first half of 2023, compared to EUR 17 
million in the first half of 2022. 
6.7. Non-adjusting post-balance sheet events 
Merger Corona and Belfius Insurance 
Corona and Belfius Insurance merged on 1 July 2023. The merger has been approved by the National Bank of 
Belgium and will be applied retroactively (for tax and accounting purposes) as from 1 January 2023. There is no 
impact on the consolidated financial statements as per 30 June 2023. 
6.8. Risk Management 
Fundamentals of credit risk in the first half of 2023 
The Belgian economy performed resiliently well in the first half of 2023, with economic growth showing a positive 
pace, although at a slower rhythm. Inflation and price pressures moderated and were combined with the sharp fall 
of natural gas prices. The lifting of the zero-Covid policy in China contributed to the further normalisation of 
global supply chains providing some breathing room for the economy as it is an important driver of inflation. 
The Belgian business environment remains mostly fuelled by the services industry, with the manufacturing 
industry somewhat lagging. In a context of labour market tightness and despite higher wage costs, most companies 
maintained or expanded their workforce in the second quarter. Investment plans do not seem to have been strongly 
reduced.  
With consumer confidence clearly restoring over the past couple of months, household consumption growth is 
expected to remain solid throughout the year. This is, of course, also induced by the increase of household 
purchasing power this year, boosted by the impact of automatic wage indexation.  
At international level, the global economic environment faced some headwinds. Economic slowdown in Germany 
and other countries was evidenced. In order to drive back longer-term inflation expectations central banks 
continued tightening monetary policies. Higher interest rates affected lending growth and slowed demand, in 
particular on real estate markets. The financial turmoil caused by the liquidity problems of some US financial 
institutions, had no lasting impact on financial markets and did not trouble the economic upturn.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
The Belfius first half of 2023 Cost of Risk (CoR) amounted to EUR -17 million, compared to a positive CoR of 
EUR +13 million in the first half of 2022.  
Belfius has updated the macroeconomic parameters and perspectives for IFRS 9 expected credit loss calculations 
with scenario weights shifting to a neutral scenario, simultaneously reducing pessimistic and stress scenarios. 
These more favourable macroeconomic perspectives impacted the CoR positively for EUR +49 million in the first 
half of 2023.  
The overlay for vulnerable exposures was reduced by EUR +7 million. Vulnerable exposures linked to Covid-19 
have been phased out and from the first half of 2023 onwards the overlay for vulnerable exposures merely serves 
to cover for an anticipation of potential recession effects, in sectors vulnerable to inflation and higher energy prices.  
The provision for macroeconomic uncertainties and the overlay for vulnerable exposures combined form Belfius 
‘Overlay for economic uncertainties and vulnerable exposures’, of which the stock as of end the first half of 2023 
amounts to EUR 179 million (from EUR 235 million end 2022). 
The specific provisions for loans in default (stage 3) contributed to EUR -79 million for the first six months of 
2023. Origins of these stage 3 provisions can often be found in Covid-19 and/or energy and inflation impacts, 
combined with additional financial pressure, that is caused by demand effects or interest cost increases. With 
Belfius’ anticipative provisioning methodology, the credit losses on these companies have typically been 
anticipated to a certain extent by stage 2 expected credit losses, constituted during the past years. 
The Belfius loan portfolios continue to demonstrate a strong resilience with risk indicators that remain robust. The 
credit quality of the portfolio and production stay solid, payments arrears and NPL‘s remain under control. 
Bankruptcy levels, particularly for small businesses, show a slightly increasing trend but levels remain below the 
historically observed levels for the Belgian market. Also some other early warning indicators for small businesses 
(payments arrears, utilisation of credit lines) show a moderate increase during the first half of 2023.  
In an international perspective, commercial real estate is becoming a source of increasing concern from an industry, 
banking and regulatory point of view, as the sector is confronted with modified market dynamics, due to increased 
interest rates and building costs, combined with a low investment appetite. These factors are resulting in an 
increased funding risk for this sector caused by a delay in sales uptake and reduced financial markets’ appetite to 
provide financing and capital to the sector. Although a recent assessment has not revealed negative risk trends or 
indicators in the Belfius loan portfolio, an increased monitoring and a strengthened follow-up have been put in 
place for the commercial real estate segment. 
The economy shows resilience amid crises, but some uncertainty lingers  
The European and Belgian economy weathered the energy crisis well due to a swift diversification of supply and 
a sizeable fall in energy consumption. Where last year a recession seemed almost unavoidable as monetary policy 
tightened in rapid fashion to curb the inflationary spiral, this year the economic situation is slightly less gloomy. 
Economic growth outperformed the expectations in the first part of this year. Inflationary pressure seems to be 
weakening and the interest rate hikes might be reaching a pause or plateau. These tentative optimistic signals lead 
to some regained confidence at both investors and households in the (Belgian) economy.  
However, given that the situation on the ground in Ukraine remains unpredictable and seems to be heading towards 
a prolonged phase of combat, one has to view these positive signals within a context of continued uncertainty. It 
is probably too early to already conclude that we are in a scenario of a soft landing. The less rapid than expected 
recovery of the Chinese economy and the variability in future monetary policy are also among the main drivers 
behind such persistent uncertainty. 
 
Individuals 
 
The first half year of 2023 has been marked by gradual increases in interest rates, aimed at taming inflationary 
forces. This has led to higher financing costs for the consumer and lower demand for residential mortgage loans, 
resulting in a decrease in production at Belfius by around one third. The decrease is primarily observable in the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
non-First Time Buyers (FTB) loans. Young FTB’s (< 35 years old) increase their share in the mortgage loan 
production, partially mitigating the higher debt service payments by opting for longer maturities. Borrowers also 
continue to prefer fixed interest rate loans (99% of the newly originated loan amount), hedging themselves against 
(even) higher rates in the future. Also due to some seasonal effects, the PD of Mortgage loans portfolio has 
decreased and is currently at 0.46%, compared to 0.50% at the end of 2022. Despite tighter credit conditions, 
Belfius remained compliant with the NBB measures48 (financial collateral included). 
Belfius continued to monitor its mortgage loans portfolio in light of inflation and higher energy costs. The deferral 
of principal payment scheme49 initiated at the end of 2022 has ended in March of this year with a relatively small 
number of requests. Currently, as energy prices are lower again and as government interventions are being phased 
out, we can say that the impact of energy prices on our mortgage loans portfolio has been limited.  
Belfius is committed to reducing emissions, greening its mortgage loans portfolio and lowering the risk associated 
with climate change. To this end it has increased its effort in collecting data on and monitoring the energy efficiency 
of the loan portfolio. Moreover, clients can apply for energy renovation loans, with additional measures for those 
with limited financial means. 
All in all, so far Belfius has weathered relatively well the risks associated with inflation and higher energy costs. 
We remain cautious regarding further developments in the energy markets and are actively looking for solutions 
which can help our clients and further de-risk our portfolio from an energy transition point of view. 
Entrepreneurs & Enterprises (E&E) 
 
The effects of the energy crisis are fading and - with the notable exception of the food processing industry - post-
pandemic supply chains problems have largely been resolved. The pass-through of costs to sales prices has 
increased but remains partial. Most firms feel that it is becoming increasingly difficult to raise further prices, which 
could lead to a further easing of inflation in the near term. Business managers confidence, that was picking up 
since end 2022, stabilised in the course of the second quarter of 2023, mainly driven by some softening 
expectations on the order book and the employment rate. This is particularly the case in the manufacturing industry: 
the demand for manufacturing goods is slowing down and perspectives and order books are under pressure. 
Prospects for the longer term remain more uncertain with companies pointing to worsening cost competitiveness. 
The services industry however continues to perform strongly. Whereas the labour market was booming towards 
the end of the Covid-pandemic, the job-growth has slowed down since the start of 2023; the unemployment showed 
an increase in the beginning of the year, with an interim market, traditionally a leading indicator, that was starting 
to slacken. Recent figures tend to be more positive again, despite higher wage costs, as most companies maintained 
or expanded their permanent workforce in the second quarter and prospects for the coming months are mostly 
stable. Due to structural labour market tightness, firms are reluctant to lay off employees. Industries show various 
trends of economic performance, with e.g. the transportation and the construction sector showing signs of financial 
weaknesses (lower level of activity, higher level of bankruptcies). 
Against this background, the credit monitoring mechanisms and procedures, that were put in place during the 
pandemic and continued in the period of galloping inflation, were gradually re-focused on the risk-sensitive and 
vulnerable companies, while maintaining a disciplined overall portfolio monitoring.  
This monitoring also considered high-level sector evolutions from a macroeconomic point of view as well as 
bottom-up input by bankers and credit analysts. For the time being, the manufacturing, construction and transport 
sectors remain the most sensitive ones. This sensitivity is reflected in the recent evolution of bankruptcies levels 
for construction and transport sectors, and in the deteriorated business confidence indicator for manufacturing.  
 
48 Reference is made to Annex 1 to the circular NBB_2019_27 covering the expectations of the Belgian macroprudential authority on internal 
management of Belgian mortgage credit standards on the Belgian residential property market limiting the production of loans for more 
risky segments (e.g. High Loan-To-Value, Buy-To-Let, Debt Servicing Income, …). 
49 With energy prices peaking as never before in the autumn (reinforcing inflationary pressure), the Belgian financial sector decided to take 
mitigating measures for households with a new (conditional) payment deferral scheme for vulnerable mortgage clients. The government 
decided on a basic Energy package providing financial support in the fourth quarter of 2022 to bear the increased energy prices (which was 
extended for the first quarter of 2023).

--- Page 46 ---
46 
At this moment, we do not observe a significant deterioration of early warning indicators, nor an important inflow 
of defaults, while at the same time the credit quality of firms in manufacturing and services sectors remains stable. 
The average PD of the E&E portfolio remained stable (1.59% end of the first half of 2023 compared to 1.58% at 
the end of 2022). 
Concerning the Commercial Real Estate portfolio, Belfius is highly vigilant to the specific risks the increasing 
interest rates have created. The Covid-19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine caused a significant price increase of 
construction materials. This was followed by an increase in interest rates. As a result, the real estate values came 
under pressure, financing conditions became more difficult and expensive, and real estate companies are 
confronted with refinancing needs at higher costs. At the same time, cash flow generation from projects and asset 
disposals became more complicated. Sales to individuals are running less smoothly because rising interest rates 
are affecting their overall budget. Institutional investors such as insurers and pension funds shun real estate as they 
have new alternatives such as bonds. Property developers are thus forced to look for other ways to reduce their 
cash outflows and costs in anticipation of a new interest rate equilibrium. An awareness campaign for this type of 
risks to business and corporate bankers and credit analysts has been launched to keep track on clients who are not 
able to have a sufficient liquidity buffer to counter the adverse market effects. 
Public & Social Banking 
 
The first half of 2023 showed a weakening of the upward inflationary pressure and an end to the energy crunch of 
last winter. These tentative optimistic signals might indicate that the (labour) cost increase for public entities is 
coming to a halt. However, the interest hikes will affect the cost of borrowing which will in turn put some strain 
on the borrowing capacity of some of these entities.  
Belfius assesses these evolutions and its impacts on the clients within the Public Social Banking segment through 
a macroeconomic analysis. Among these clients are: hospitals, nursing homes, municipalities and intermunicipal 
companies.  
In 2022, the municipalities have seen a significant increase of their operational expenditure. Their wage costs have 
increased due to the inflationary pressure, while energy costs have almost doubled due to the energy crunch related 
to the Russian – Ukrainian war. Fortunately, this has been met with an equal increase in operational revenue. The 
main driver behind this surge in operational revenue is the indexation of receipts (taxes and receipts being the main 
revenue of communities are also indexed). The beneficial effect of this indexation will continue into 2023 (despite 
the softening inflation) as some time lag is present. 
The financial situation of most of the regions and communities is however expected to experience further pressure 
in 2023. The public debt burden also grows heavier on a federal level. While this does not pose a significant threat 
yet, interest rate hikes will worsen the debt burden and cost of capital for the public sector. 
Insurance 
The management of the credit risk of Belfius Insurance is the responsibility of Belfius Insurance risk management 
team, albeit in collaboration with the credit risk teams of Belfius Bank and aligned with the risk management 
guidelines that are applicable for the whole Belfius group. As such, this implies that credit limits are defined on a 
consolidated basis and that transfers of limits between Belfius Bank and Belfius Insurance are permitted, on the 
condition that both parties agree. The CROs of Belfius Bank and Belfius Insurance coordinate the requests among 
each other.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Exposures to credit risk 
(1) Other include, among others, deferred tax assets, tangible and intangible assets and gains and losses on the hedged item in 
portfolio hedge of interest rate risk.The definition of Full Exposure at Default (“FEAD”) is determined as follows:  
 
for balance sheet assets (except for derivatives): the gross carrying amounts (before credit risk adjustments);  
 
for derivatives: the exposure at default calculated under the standardised approach for counterparty credit 
risk (SA-CCR); 
 
for Securities Financing Transactions: the carrying amount as well as the excess collateral provided for 
repurchase agreements; 
 
for off-balance sheet commitments: either the undrawn part of credit facilities or the maximum commitment 
of Belfius for guarantees granted to third parties.  
FEAD for instance provides a consistent metric to present a combined view of the Bank and Insurance respective 
exposures to credit risk.  
 
 
The figures in the table above are after elimination of intra-group exposures, but with inclusion of credit exposure 
of trading activities and counterparty credit risk. 
Exposures are allocated to the final counterparty. This means that if substitution is applied to a certain exposure to 
a borrower guaranteed by another party, the exposure is shifted to the region, type of exposure and rating of the 
guaranteeing party. 
 
50 
Full Exposure At Default. The definition of Full Exposure at Default ("FEAD") is determined as follows: 
 
for balance sheet assets (except for derivatives): the gross carrying amounts (before credit risk adjustments); 
 
for derivatives: the exposure at default calculated under the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk (SA-CCR); 
 
for Securities Financing Transactions: the carrying amount as well as the excess collateral provided for repurchase agreements; 
 
for off-balance sheet commitments: either the undrawn part of credit facilities or the maximum commitment of Belfius for 
guarantees granted to third parties.  
FEAD for instance provides a consistent metric to present a combined view of the Bank and Insurance respective exposures to credit risk. 
 
Breakdown of credit risk by counterparty: 
 
 
 
 
 
31
December 
2022 
              
30 June
2023 
(FEAD50, in EUR billion) 
 
 
 
Central governments ..................................................................................... 
37.2
34.2 
Public sector entities ..................................................................................... 
41.1
40.5 
Corporate…………………………………………………………………...  
50.9  
53.2 
Project finance……………………………………………………………...  
2.3
2.4 
Retail ............................................................................................................. 
61.7
62.6 
Financial institutions ..................................................................................... 
11.9
11.1 
Other(1)(……………………………………………………………………..  
3.9
3.5 
Total .............................................................................................................. 
209.1
207.5

--- Page 48 ---
48 
As of 30 June 2023, the total credit risk exposure within Belfius slightly decreased to EUR 207.5 billion, a decline 
of EUR 1.6 billion or 0.8% compared to the end of 2022, primarily stemming from FEAD decline to EU Central 
Bank partly offset by the increase in FEAD to Corporates and Retail.  
At bank level, the credit risk exposure declined with 0.4% to EUR 193.4 billion. At the level of Belfius Insurance, 
the credit risk exposure declined by 6% to EUR 14 billion on 30 June 2023.  
The decline by EUR 3 billion observed on the segment central governments is mostly due to the reduction of 
liquidity reserve deposited at the NBB/ECB. Nearly half (46%) of the government bonds portfolio is invested in 
Belgian government bonds at the Group level. While at bank level the Belgian government bonds represent 42% 
of the total government bond portfolio, the relative proportion at Belfius Insurance stands at 49%. 
The credit risk exposure on individuals, self-employed and SMEs (30% of the total) increased by EUR 0.9 billion 
reflecting Belfius’ strategy to support the Belgian economy.  
The credit risk exposure on corporates (25.6% of the total) increased by EUR 2.3 billion.  
The credit risk exposure on public sector entities and institutions that receive guarantees of these public sector 
entities remained stable over the period.  
The credit risk exposure on financial institutions slightly declined by EUR 0.8 billion during the first half of 2023. 
Belfius’ positions are mainly concentrated in the European Union: 95% or EUR 183.8 billion at bank level and 
95% or EUR 13.4 billion for Belfius Insurance. The total relative credit risk exposure on counterparties situated 
in Belgium is 86.7% as of 30 June 2023 with the increase from 74% at the end of 2022 explained by the change in 
classification of the deposits held at the NBB/ECB (of EUR 24.4 billion as of June 2023) from EU Other countries 
to Belgium. Furthermore, total relative credit risk exposure on counterparties situated in France is 3.4%, 2.5% in 
the United Kingdom, 1.3% in the United States and Canada, 1.1% in Luxemburg, 0.8% in Spain, 0.6% in Germany 
and Italy.  
The credit risk exposure to counterparties in the United Kingdom amounted to EUR 5.1 billion. About 60% of this 
credit risk exposure relates to bonds belonging to the ALM-yield portfolio.  
On 30 June 2023, 77% of the total credit risk exposure had an internal credit rating of investment grade (IG). 
Costs of risk in the first half of 2023 
IFRS 9 impairment methodology at Belfius 
Reference is made to the Appendix IX.1.4. of Belfius’ Risk Report 2019 for a full description of the Belfius process 
to compute IFRS 9 expected credit losses (ECL). The basic principles of the process to compute IFRS 9 expected 
credit losses are as follows: 
 
Belfius Bank and its subsidiaries recognise loss allowances for ECL on financial instruments at amortised cost 
or at fair value through OCI; 
 
 
ECL are measured through a loss allowance that depends on the financial instrument’s status: 
o 
for performing exposures (i.e. instruments that have not incurred a significant increase in credit 
risk since origination), referred to as stage 1, a 12-month ECL is calculated; 
o 
for underperforming exposures (i.e. instruments that have incurred a significant increase in credit 
risk since origination), referred to as stage 2, Lifetime ECL are calculated; 
o 
non-performing exposures (i.e. exposures that become credit-impaired) are classified in stage 3 
and the ECL reflect the remaining exposure after a best-estimate of future recoveries; 
 
 
ECL are probability-weighted estimates of credit losses. This is expressed as the present value of cash 
shortfalls i.e. the difference between the cash flows that are due to the entity in accordance with the contract 
and the cash flows that the entity expects to receive. ECL calculations use probability of default (PD) and loss 
given default (LGD) parameters. Point-in-time PDs are used that inter alia incorporate forward-looking

--- Page 49 ---
49 
macroeconomic information through the use of four different macroeconomic scenarios. These scenarios are 
built upon internal information delivered by the Belfius Research department, who uses external and internal 
information to generate a forecast “neutral” scenario of relevant economic variables along with a 
representative range of other possible forecast scenarios. The external information includes economic data 
and forecasts published by governmental bodies and monetary authorities; 
 
 
Belfius assigns probabilities to the four forecast scenarios (neutral, optimistic, pessimistic and stress) and 
makes the link between macroeconomic variables and credit risk and credit losses through identified and 
documented relationships between key drivers of credit risk and credit losses for each portfolio of financial 
instruments on the one hand and statistical analysis of historical data on the other hand. 
Adjustments to the impairment methodology related to the Covid-19 pandemic, the Russia/Ukraine conflict and 
the risks related to the energy and inflation crisis 
In the context of the Covid-19 pandemic, Belfius’ basic principles for ECL computations have remained 
fundamentally unchanged, however some adjustments to the aforementioned approach were required in order to 
maintain an adequate coverage for potential risks.  
With the Russia/Ukraine conflict and the resulting energy crisis, adjustments were extended in 2022 to the 
emerging risks related to the increased inflation and the rising energy prices:  
 
expected credit loss calculations were based on a long-term average (initially 2009-2022, extended to 
2009-2024) for the relevant macroeconomic factors, with a backward and a forward-looking approach;  
 
to calculate ECL, Belfius still defines four probability weighted forward-looking scenarios each with their 
own macroeconomic parameters to build optimistic, neutral, pessimistic and stress cases;  
 
the results of the portfolio analysis and monitoring processes with respect to the increased inflation, rising 
energy prices and the war in Ukraine gained importance in the provisioning process.  
In the first half of 2023, entering into a post-Covid era, Belfius:  
 
has decided to abandon the long-term average of historic data in the calculation of the macroeconomic 
factors, and only use 2022-2024 macroeconomic data;  
 
maintains the system of four probability weighted forward-looking scenarios each with their own 
macroeconomic parameters to build optimistic, neutral, pessimistic and stress cases. Yet, the scenarios 
have been adapted to the updated macroeconomic environment;  
 
continues its portfolio analysis and monitoring process, in order to determine and keep up to date the 
sectors and/or clients vulnerable to inflation and energy price risks.  
Given that ECL estimates are complex and to a certain extent judgmental, the afore-mentioned mechanical 
approach is completed by management judgment through “management call” layers as authorised by the IFRS 9 
accounting references. These layers can be positive or negative and aim to include any elements entering in the 
ECL computation which have not been taken into account by the mechanical computation on an individual level 
or a (sub)portfolio level. 
Drivers of the cost of risk in the first half of 2023 
The first half of 2023 Cost of Risk amounted to EUR -17 million and was composed of EUR +49 million 
allowances due to the update of the macroeconomic factors and perspectives, EUR +7 million reversals following 
the reassessment of the overlay for vulnerable exposures, EUR -79 million specific provisions for loans in default 
and EUR +6 million reversals for portfolio evolutions. 
It is to be recalled that stage 1 and 2 provisions constitute anticipative provisioning against expected credit losses 
on files that could enter into default. To what extent these stage 1 and 2 provisions will be transformed into stage 
3 provisions, covering incurred credit losses on defaulted loans, or be released, remains subject to uncertainty. If 
the macroeconomic environment improves to the extent that the anticipated transitions to default do not occur, part 
of these impairments will be reversed over time.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Macroeconomic factors used in the first half of 2023 ECL calculations  
 
The macroeconomic factors and perspectives were updated in line with Belfius Research expectations.  
The economic picture for the first half of 2023 is quite ambivalent, with the economic environment 
showing strong resilience. The effects of the energy crisis are fading out and - with the notable exception 
of the food processing industry - post-pandemic supply chains problems have largely been resolved. The 
pass-through of costs to sales prices has increased but remains partial. Most firms feel that it is becoming 
increasingly difficult to raise further prices, which could lead to a further easing of inflation in the near 
term.  
 
Statistics about the economic performance of the Eurozone are divergent. The EC first revised its GDP 
forecast upwards to 1.2% in 2023 and 1.4% in 2024, but based on the GDP figures with negative growth 
for the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023, the Eurozone entered (technically) into a light 
recession. In Belgium, the economic growth keeps its positive pace, although at a slower rhythm, and is 
hence outperforming most of the European countries. Notwithstanding this strong resilience, several 
evolutions (such as the economic slowdown in Germany and other EU countries and the rising interest 
rates) could become factors of risk. 
 
 
At the same time, there are also signs of a potential decay. Whereas the labour market was booming 
towards the end of the Covid-pandemic, the job-growth has slowed down since the start of 2023; the 
unemployment showed an increase in the beginning of the year, with an interim market, traditionally a 
leading indicator, that was starting to slacken. Recent figures tend to be more positive again: despite 
higher wage costs, most companies maintained or expanded their permanent workforce in the second 
quarter and prospects for the coming months are mostly stable. Due to structural labour market tightness, 
firms are reluctant to lay off employees.  
 
 
The GDP forecasts improved for 2023-2024, whereas consumer price and house price inflation are 
expected to decrease in 2023. Belfius’ neutral scenario includes a Belgian GDP growth of +0.9% for 2023 
(compared to +0.1% as expected by end 2022), followed by a +1.2% growth rate in 2024.  
 
 
For 2023, inflation is expected to decrease somewhat more than formerly estimated at the end of 2022.  
 
 
The Belgian unemployment rate for 2023 in the neutral scenario has been revised downwards from 8.8% 
towards 8.2%, and is expected to slightly decrease and then remain stable in the upcoming years. As from 
2020 onwards, the unemployment figure includes the exceptional temporary unemployment that is 
expected to be, to a certain extent, converted into a structural unemployment. 
 
 
 
 
The neutral case is complemented with an optimistic, a pessimistic and a stress scenario. The table above 
illustrates the Belgian GDP growth assumptions, as of the second quarter of 2023, under the four 
scenarios. 
 
Consequently, the favourable macroeconomic perspectives impacted the CoR positively for EUR +49 
million in the first half year. 
GDP BE (% YoY)
Scenarios 
As of end 2022 
As of 2Q 2023 
For year
2022
2023
2024
2022-R
2023
2024
Optimistic 
3.4
0.7
2.2
3.1
1.5
1.8
Neutral
2.8
0.1
1.6
3.1
0.9
1.2
Pessimistic 
1.7
-1.6
0.5
3.1
-0.2
0.1
Stress 
1.2
-1.6
-0.1
3.1
-0.8
-0.5

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Sensitivity of the impairment stock stage 1 & 2 to changes in scenario weights 
The following table provides an overview of the stage 1 & 2 impairments sensitivity to the weight of 
macroeconomic scenarios. The most relevant macroeconomic factors are GDP and Unemployment assuming the 
current IFRS 9 method is unchanged. Note that the sensitivity is not linear and cannot be simply extrapolated. 
 
Overlays for vulnerable exposures  
The mechanical calculations are completed with expert overlays. These overlays are designed to result, overall, in 
best estimate total coverage of ECL in some specifically identified risk pockets of vulnerable exposures (defined 
in terms of sectors, groups of companies or individual exposures) when the credit risk is estimated (potentially) 
insufficiently covered by the mechanical provisions.  
Concretely, one or more IFRS 9 parameters have then been stressed when computing the ECL. For mortgages a 
stressed LGD value has been applied, while for companies vulnerable to inflation and energy price risk, an add-
on has been applied on the mechanically computed expected credit loss, reflecting the characteristic of the risk 
pocket; the add-ons correspond to an increased expected credit loss, equivalent to a 1 to 2 notch rating downgrade. 
This approach feeds the formal quarterly impairment process and results into shifts of individual files or risk 
pockets from stage 1 to 2 and into the application of the Expected Credit Loss levels that are deemed adequate to 
cover the increased credit risk. 
In 2020 and 2021, the scope of the overlay was defined by Covid-events. Credit exposures to individuals and 
companies with payment moratoria and companies in sectors that were hit by the pandemic and the sanitary 
measures were included.  
In 2022, the driver of risk gradually shifted also to sectors with a sensitivity to the effects of inflation and energy 
price increases.  
In 2023, the Covid-related exposures completely disappeared from the overlay. The scope of the overlay was only 
linked to exposures with an energy & inflation vulnerability. The definition of the scope did not change in 1H 
2023; the evolution of the provisions was only driven by exposure evolutions and rating migrations.  
The overlay for vulnerable exposures was reduced by EUR +7 million in the first half of 2023. Vulnerable 
exposures with an initial Covid-effect phased out and so the overlay merely serves to cover for potential risks 
caused by inflation and higher energy prices.  
Belfius’ exposure towards these vulnerable sectors or counterparts is limited to 3.5% of the total portfolio. 
The provision for macroeconomic uncertainties and the overlay for vulnerable exposures combined form Belfius 
“Overlay for economic uncertainties and vulnerable exposures“, of which the stock as of the end of the first half 
of 2023 amounts to EUR 179 million (from EUR 235 million end 2022). 
(in millions of EUR) 
What if 85% optimistic? 
1
Weighted average 
scenario 2Q23
What if 85% 
pessimistic? 1
    What if 85%   stress? 
1
Impairment stock stage 1&2 
752
874
988
1,130
% change vs weighted average scenario 
-14%
0%
13%
29%
 
Optimistic 5%
Neutral 60%
Pessimistic 30%
Stress 5%
1 5% on each of the 3 other scenarios.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Asset quality – asset quality ratio 
At the end of June 2023, the amount of impaired loans added up to EUR 2,171 million, a +7.2% increase compared 
to year end 2022. During the same period, the gross outstanding loans to customers increased by +2.0% and 
amounted to EUR 113,402 million. As a consequence, the asset quality ratio evolved to 1.91% at the end of June 
2023. The stage 3 impairments slightly increased by +2.0%. The coverage ratio on impaired loans is 56.7%, 
compared to 59.6% end of 2022. 
At the end of June 2023, the total impairment stock (stage 1-2-3) amounted to EUR 2,142 million compared to 
EUR 2,166 million at the end of 2022 (pro forma IFRS 17). This decrease of EUR 24 million is mainly explained 
by reversals performed on stage 1 and 2 driven by the updated macroeconomic factors and perspectives. 
Market risk 
Overview 
Overall, market risk can be understood as the potential adverse change in the value of a portfolio of financial 
instruments due to movements in market price levels, to changes of the instrument’s liquidity, to changes in 
volatility levels for market prices or changes in the correlations between the levels of market prices.  
The management of market risk within Belfius is focused on all Financial Markets activities of the Bank and 
encompasses interest rate risk, spread risk and associated credit risk/liquidity risk, foreign-exchange risk, equity 
risk (or price risk), inflation risk and commodity price risk.  
Market risk of Belfius Insurance is separately managed by its ALCo. Belfius Insurance’s strategic ALCo makes 
strategic decisions affecting the balance sheets of the insurance companies and their financial profitability, taking 
into consideration the risk appetite as pre-defined with the Belfius Bank and Insurance group (i.e. directional ALM 
position in interest rate risks, equity and real estate risks, volatility and correlation risks). 
Although markets were very volatile in the first half of 2023, mainly due to banking turmoil in the US and bail-
out of Credit Suisse, rising interest rates, the P&L of financial market activities was very resilient. Most trading 
desks are at or above the budget and increased client activity has led to significant increases in Sales and 
Structuring activities.  
Existing hedges on CVA/FVA51, in place since the first half of 2020, perform well, keeping the P&L volatility to 
a minimum. Further analysis highlighted possible improvement to credit spread macro hedges which will be 
adapted in the second half of 2023. Consequently, only a limited number of non-hedgeable risks remain. The most 
relevant one being the Belfius’ own funding spread, where the positive evolution of interest rates has made the 
XVA’s less sensitive to this parameter.  
Market risk RWA decreased markedly since end 2022 (EUR -1.1 billion) because of delayed impact of a model 
change with part of the 60 days average at EOY still on the old model. 
Structural and ALM Risk 
Interest rate risk of the banking activities 
In respect to the interest rate risk, Belfius Bank pursues a risk management of its interest rate positions in the 
Banking book within a well-defined internal and regulatory limit framework, with a clear focus on generating 
stable earnings and preserving the economic value of the balance sheet and this in a macro-hedging approach, 
thoughtfully considering natural hedges available in the Bank balance sheet.  
The management of non-maturing or ‘on demand’ deposits (such as payment and savings accounts) and non-
interest bearing products use portfolio replication techniques. The underlying hypotheses concerning expected 
 
51 CVA (Credit Value Adjustement) is the price that an investor would pay to hedge the counterparty credit risk of a derivative instrument.  
FVA (Funding Valuation Adjustment) reflects the funding cost of uncollateralised derivatives above the risk-free rate of return. It represents 
the costs and benefits of writing a hedge for a client who is not posting collateral, and then hedging that trade with a collateralised one in 
the interbank market.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
duration, rate-fixing period and tariff evolution are subject to constant monitoring and, if necessary, they are 
adjusted by the ALCo. Implicit interest rate options like prepayment risk are integrated through behavioural 
models. All ALM models are following the three lines of defence.  
Interest rate risk has two aspects: economic value of equity volatility and earnings volatility. The measurement of 
both is complementary in fully understanding the interest rate risk in the Banking book. 
Banks’ ALM objective gives priority to protect the net interest income from downward/upward pressures in the 
current volatile interest rate environment, while respecting the risk appetite limits on the variation of economic 
value.  
Economic value indicators capture the long-term effect of the interest rate changes on the economic value of the 
Bank. Interest rate sensitivity of economic value measures the net change in the ALM balance sheet’s economic 
value (at run off balance sheet assumption) if interest rates move by 10 bps across the entire curve. The long-term 
sensitivity of the ALM perimeter was EUR -72 million per 10 bps on 30 June 2023 (compared to EUR -59 million 
per 10 bps on 31 December 2022), excluding interest rate positions of Belfius Insurance and of the pension funds 
of Belfius Bank.  
The Earnings at Risk indicators capture the more shorter term effect of the interest rate changes on the earnings of 
the Bank (under a stable balance sheet assumption). Therefore, indirectly through profitability, interest rate changes 
can also have a shorter-term solvency impact. A 95 bps increase of interest rates has an estimated impact on net 
interest income (before tax) of EUR +40 million of the next book year and an estimated cumulative impact of EUR 
+72 million over a three year period, whereas a 95 bps decrease would lead to an estimated impact of EUR -22 
million over the next book year and an estimated cumulative impact of EUR -95 million over a three year period 
(compared to EUR +32 million, resp. EUR +87 million for a similar rate shock of +50 bps and EUR +8 million, 
resp. EUR +2 million for a rate shock of -50 bps end of last year).  
Next to directional interest rate risk, also curvature risk, due to steepening or flattening of the interest rate curve, 
is monitored within a normative framework by the ALCo. The same applies to basis spread risk between Euribor 
and €STR and cross-currency spread risk.  
The continued increase in interest rates over the first half of 2023 has an overall positive impact on the Bank’s 
standard transformation model. On the one hand, the interest to receive on new production of commercial loans 
starts to increase and the interest paid to depositors still remained close to zero for payment accounts and is only 
gradually increasing for savings accounts and term funding for the time being. On the other hand, refinancings and 
prepaying mortgages have become less interesting for the customers. Furthermore, this increase in rates has further 
improved the net collateral cost for derivative contracts used to hedge the Bank’s exposure to interest rate risk. 
The ALCo will remain attentive to a volatile interest rate environment with primary objective to respect the Risk 
Appetite Framework (RAF). ALM conventional models are regularly reviewed at the light of the macro-economic 
environment and prevailing interest rates. During the first half of 2023, the continued increase in interest rates has 
modified the expected interest rate sensitivities of the ‘on demand’ (or non maturing) deposits, which triggered 
additional hedging to remain within Belfius’ risk appetite. 
Interest rate risk of the insurance activities 
For Belfius Insurance, the ALM objective is to limit the volatility of the P&L and the economic value of the 
company induced by potential changes in the interest rates.  
The long-term sensitivity of the Net Asset Value of Belfius Insurance to interest rates was EUR 1.4 million per 10 
bps as of 30 June 2023 relatively stable compared to EUR 0.4 million as of the fourth quarter of 2022. The earnings 
have a low sensitivity to interest rates for the next years, thanks to good matching in terms of duration.  
Sensitivity tests on our Solvency II ratio are also quarterly perform on top of specific stress tests to monitor our 
exposure to the interest rate risk. Results show that our risk is limited and respect the risk appetite of the company. 
Trading market risk 
Financial Markets activities encompass client-oriented activities and hedge activities at Belfius Bank.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
The Financial Market activities of Belfius Bank manage both the financial markets services for the two business 
segments E&E&P and IND, as well as for Group Centre portfolios and activities like the ALM of the Bank and 
the non-core portfolios. Belfius P&L remains somewhat sensitive especially for idiosyncratic credit spread 
movements within its derivatives portfolio (both for E&E&P customers and in the non-core portfolios), GBP real 
rate movements within its non-core ALM yield bond portfolio and for its funding conditions.  
No Financial Markets activities are undertaken at Belfius Insurance. For their needs in Financial Markets products, 
they turn to Belfius Bank or other banks. 
Liquidity risk at Belfius Bank 
Liquidity management framework 
Belfius Bank manages its liquidity with a view to comply with internal and regulatory liquidity ratios. In addition, 
limits are defined for the balance sheet amount that can be funded over the short term and on the interbank market. 
These limits are integrated in the Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) approved by the Board of Directors and reported 
on a quarterly basis while the monitoring takes place on a daily basis. Available liquidity reserves also play a key 
role: at any time, Belfius Bank ensures it has sufficient quality assets to cover a temporary liquidity shortfall, both 
in normal markets and under stress scenarios. Belfius Bank defined specific guidelines for the management of 
LCR eligible bonds and non LCR eligible bonds, both approved by the Management Board. All this is laid down 
in liquidity guidelines, approved by the ALCo. 
Asset and Liability Management (ALM), a division situated within the scope of the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), 
is the front-line manager for the liquidity requirements of Belfius Bank. ALM analyses and reports on current and 
future liquidity positions and risks. It defines and coordinates funding plans and actions under the operational 
responsibility of the ALCo and under the general responsibility of the Management Board.The funding plan is 
approved together with the financial plan by the Board of Directors, which delegates its execution to the ALCo.  
The ALCo also bears final operational responsibility for managing the interest rate risk contained in the banking 
balance sheet via the ALM department. 
ALM organises a regular Assets and Liabilities Forum (ALF), in presence of the Risk department, the Treasury 
department and representatives of the commercial business lines. This forum coordinates the implementation of 
the funding plan validated by ALCo. 
ALM monitors the funding plan to guarantee Belfius Bank will continue to comply with its internal and regulatory 
liquidity ratios. 
ALM reports on a daily basis to the CFO and CRO and on a quarterly basis to the Board of Directors about the 
Bank’s liquidity situation. 
Second-line controls for monitoring the liquidity risk are performed by the Risk department, which ensures that 
the reports published are accurate, challenges the retained assumptions and models, realises simulation over stress 
situations and oversees compliance with limits, as laid down in the Liquidity Guidelines. 
Exposure to liquidity risk 
The liquidity risk at Belfius Bank is mainly stemming from: 
 
the variability of the amounts of commercial funding collected from individuals and business customers, 
small, medium-sized and large companies, public entities and similar customers and allocation of these 
funds to customers through loans; 
 
the volatility of the collateral that is to be deposited at counterparties as part of the CSA framework for 
derivatives and repo transactions (so called cash & securities collateral); 
 
the value of the liquid reserves which allow Belfius Bank to collect funding on the repo market and/or 
from the ECB; 
 
the capacity to obtain interbank and institutional funding.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Consolidation of the liquidity profile 
During the first half of 2023, Belfius preserved its diversified liquidity profile by: 
 
maintaining a substantial funding surplus within the commercial balance sheet; 
 
continuing to obtain diversified long-term funding from institutional investors;  
 
collecting short and medium-term (CP/CD/EMTN) deposits from institutional investors. 
The participation of Belfius Bank in the ECB TLTRO III funding programme for an amount of EUR 15.65 billion, 
was reduced to EUR 6 billion end of 2022, and in June 2023 another EUR 3.3 billion was repaid. This leads to a 
residual funding through TLTRO of EUR 2.7 billion, that will continue to expire  
Belfius Bank reached end of June 2023 a 12-month average Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) of 156%. This 
decrease since end of December 2022 (173%), is mainly explained by the repayment of the TLTRO and a continued 
strong growth in commercial loans. Without the additional TLTRO at more advantageous conditions to compensate 
for the pressure on the Bank’s standard transformation model, the LCR remained within our driving range during 
the first half year of 2023. The High Quality Liquid Assets (HQLA) end of June 2023 are composed of 73% Level 
1 cash, 24% Level 1 bonds, 2% Level 2A bonds and 1% Level 2B bonds.  
The Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), based on the binding CRR2 rules and calculated according to EBA 
templates, stood at 133% end of June 2023, a decrease also explained by the repayment of the TLTRO and growth 
in commercial loans.  
Funding diversification at Belfius Bank52 
The total funding of Belfius Bank amounted to EUR 142.8 billion as at 30 June 2023 compared to EUR 143.6 
billion as at end December 2022  
Belfius Bank has a stable funding profile that consists of mainly commercial funding (84%), senior wholesale 
funding (4%), secured funding (7%), and net unsecured ST interbank funding (4%). 
As a universal bank, the main part of funding comes from its commercial activity (EUR 119.4 billion), of which 
74% are sticky deposits from individuals and business customers and 47% concern insured deposits (DGS). 
Although the commercial funding remained quite stable since end of 2022, Belfius Bank observed a shift from ‘on 
demand’ deposits (payment and savings accounts) to term funding. 
The loan-to-deposit ratio, which indicates the proportion between assets and liabilities of the commercial balance 
sheet, increased from 87% at the end of December 2022 towards 90% at the end of June 2023. Belfius Bank also 
receives medium-to-long-term wholesale funding, including EUR 6.5 billion from covered bonds, EUR 3.6 billion 
from preferred senior unsecured, and EUR 2.7 billion in TLTRO funding from ECB as at 30 June 2023. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Bonds of EUR 2.0 billion enable Belfius to respect the regulatory requirement of MREL 
Subordinated. Note that during 2023, Belfius Bank issued EUR 0.5 billion covered bonds, EUR 0.5 billion Tier 2 
and EUR 0.75 billion preferred senior under green format. The remainder of the Bank’s funding sources comes 
from institutional short-term deposits (Treasury) mainly by issuing Certificates of Deposit and Commercial Paper. 
As a result of derivative contracts to cover interest rate risk of its activities, Belfius Bank has an outstanding 
position in derivatives for which collateral must be posted and is being received (cash & securities collateral). 
Against the background of historical still low interest rates, in net terms, Belfius Bank posts more collateral than 
it receives. With the strong increase in interest rates, however, this net cash collateral position has continued to 
improve from EUR 6.1 billion end of December 2022 to EUR 5.9 billion end of June 2023. 
Liquidity reserves53 
 
52  Unaudited. 
53  Unaudited.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
At the end of June 2023, Belfius Bank had readily realisable liquidity reserves of EUR 45.0 billion. These reserves 
consisted of EUR 24.2 billion in cash, EUR 8.5 billion in ECB eligible bonds and EUR 12.3 billion in other assets 
eligible at the ECB (of which EUR 10.4 billion in bank loans).  
These liquidity reserves represent 6.7 times the Bank’s institutional funding outstanding at the end of June 2023 
and having a remaining maturity of less than one year.  
Please note the ALM portfolio for liquidity management, with highly liquid assets, is included in the historical 
bond portfolio of Belfius Bank. 
Encumbered assets 
Encumbered assets represent the on-and off-balance sheet assets that are pledged or used as collateral for Belfius’ 
liabilities.  According to the EBA guideline based on the median values of the encumbrance reportings of the last 
four quarters, the encumbered assets at Belfius Bank level amount to EUR 26.0 billion in June 2023 and represent 
15.4% of total bank balance sheet and collateral received under securities format. This represents a decrease of the 
encumbrance ratio of -6.9% compared to end 2022, this decrease being mainly explained by the repayment of 
TLTRO and the decrease in derivatives.  
Belfius is active on the covered bond market since the set-up of the first covered bond program in 2012. In June 
2023 (point in time), the total amount issued was EUR 6.5 billion. End of June 2023, the assets encumbered for 
this funding source are composed of commercial loans (public sector and mortgage loans) and amount to EUR 7.9 
billion (stable since end 2022).  
The Bank is also collecting funding through repo markets and other collateralised deposits. End of June 2023, the 
total amount of assets used as collateral for this activity amounts to EUR 5.6 billion, of which EUR 4.2 billion 
linked to the ECB funding. The exceptional drawing on the TLTRO III, allowing Belfius to generate additional 
P&L and capital to sustain the Belgian economy, has led to a higher than normal Asset Encumbrance Ratio.  
The balance of encumbered assets is also linked to collateral pledged (gross of collateral received) for the 
derivatives exposures for EUR 4.5 billion point in time (decrease of EUR -0.2 billion compared to end 2022), 
under the form of cash or securities. A significant part of collateral pledged is financed through collateral received 
from other counterparties with whom the Bank concluded derivatives in the opposite direction.  
The repayment of the TLTRO III, and the decrease in net collateral to post thanks to the increase in interest rates, 
has strongly reduced the Asset Encumbrance Ratio 
Liquidity risk at Belfius Insurance 
As an insurance company in terms of liquidity management, Belfius Insurance engages mainly in Life insurance 
liabilities at relatively long term that are largely stable and predictable. Consequently, funding requirement is quite 
limited. The premiums paid by policyholders are placed in long-term investments in order to guarantee the insured 
capital and committed interests at the contract’s maturity date. Our liquidity indicators demonstrate that Belfius 
Insurance constantly holds enough liquid assets to cover its commitments on the liability side of the balance sheet.  
In order to ensure that all short-term liquidity requirements can be met, Belfius Insurance has embedded liquidity 
management in its day-to-day activities through:  
 
investment guidelines that limit investments in illiquid assets;  
 
Asset Liability Management, ensuring that investment decisions take into account the specific features of 
the liabilities;  
 
policies and procedures put in place to assess the liquidity of new investments;  
 
follow up of the short-term treasury needs.  
In addition, Belfius Insurance also holds a significant amount of unencumbered assets (mainly in governments 
bonds) eligible for repos in the context of its liquidity management.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
The Investment department of Belfius Insurance is responsible for Belfius Insurance’s liquidity and cash-flow 
management, for which it uses long-term projections of the cash-flows of assets and liabilities. These cash flows 
are simulated under both normal and stressed situations 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) 
On 20 December 2022, the NBB notified Belfius that going forward it has to execute the SRB MREL instruction 
regarding the minimum requirement own funds and eligible liabilities at the consolidated level of Belfius Bank 
under BRRD2. For Belfius Bank, the MREL requirement on a consolidated basis is set at 23.23% of Total Risk 
Exposure Amount (TREA) and 6.87% of Leverage Ratio Exposure (LRE)  
Belfius Bank must meet the target no later than 1 January 2024 and must provide for a linear build-up of equity 
and eligible liabilities towards the requirement. The SRB also determined an intermediate target of 22.37% of 
TREA and 6.84% of LRE which had to be met by 1 January 2022.  
The SRB MREL instruction also defines a subordination requirement: Belfius Bank must meet at least 15.83% of 
TREA and 6.87% of LRE by means of subordinated MREL. Own funds used to meet the combined buffer 
requirement (CBR) set out in Directive 2013/36/EU (at 4.37% of TREA for Belfius currently) are not eligible to 
meet the requirements expressed in TREA. Belfius Bank must comply with this subordination requirement by 1 
January 2024, subject to an intermediate target of 15.25% of TREA and 6.84% of LRE by 1 January 2022.  
Belfius already met its expected BRRD2 MREL requirements at the end of the first half of 2023. Indeed, expressed 
in TREA, Belfius MREL realised of EUR 19.4 billion amounted to 29.96% to be compared with 27.6% of the 
2024 final binding target (including CBR).  
In the same way, Belfius MREL subordination of EUR 15.3 billion amounted to 23.53% of TREA to be compared 
with 20.2% of the binding target (including CBR). Expressed in LRE, Belfius MREL subordination of 8.57% stood 
in excess of 6.87% MREL requirement.  
Operational risk – Non-Financial Risk (NFR) 
Non-Financial Risk Management Framework 
Non-Financial Risk (NFR) must be understood as a broad umbrella covering all risks except “financial risks” (the 
latter encompassing market, ALM, liquidity, credit and insurance risks). NFR covers among others operational 
risks (including fraud, HR, IT, IT-security, business continuity, outsourcing, data-related, privacy…) as well as 
reputational, compliance, legal, tax, ESG... risks.  
The NFR management framework determines the principles that ensure an effective management of the non-
financial risks. The principles are further elaborated in specific policies and guidelines adapted to the business 
activities. These general principles are following the applicable legal and regulatory requirements.  
The framework is based on the following pillars:  
 
a risk mapping and taxonomy in order to ensure consistency within the organisation, including a regular 
review of this mapping and taxonomy to identify emerging risks;  
 
clear roles and responsibilities, as well as a well-defined way of working together for all the risks based 
on the three LoD (3 LoD) model (decentralised responsibility);  
 
a strong governance/committee structure involving the appropriate level of management;  
 
a Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) definition and monitoring;  
 
transversal risk processes and dedicated risk management frameworks, which are structured into the 
following main domains: Change Risk Management, Integrated Risk Management, Risk Culture & 
Governance, Operational Resilience, Fraud Risk Management & 2 LoD Audit, Information Security and 
Data Privacy (see further).  
This framework provides comprehensive risk management and sound risk governance, to ensure an effective and 
efficient identification, assessment, mitigation and monitoring of non-financial risks.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
The NFR department acts as an independent internal control function with a 2nd LoD role, and reports directly to 
the Chief Risk Officer. The NFR departments also includes the specific functions of Anti-Fraud Officer, Data 
Protection Officer (DPO) and Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). 
Transversal risk processes 
NFRR domain – Change Risk Management 
Change Risk Management 
Being and staying “Meaningful and Inspiring for Belgian society” implies continuous innovation. In that context, 
change risk management is a corner stone of the global risk management framework, with the New Product 
Approval Process (NPAP) and Project Risk Management as the main contributions. 
New Product Approval Process 
The process of developing or changing a function (product, service, activity, process or system) involves a sound 
(ex-ante) risk assessment, the so-called New Product Approval Process (NPAP). Its purpose is to ensure that all 
risks related to any new or changed function are assessed by relevant experts and addressed accordingly and that 
they are overseen by a dedicated steering committee.  
It is a risk-based process with special attention to the due implementation of binding conditions. 
Project Risk Management 
The capacity to deliver projects with high quality standards within the foreseen timeframe is a key success factor. 
In that context, a Project Risk Management (PRM) framework has been developed in order to correctly and timely 
identify the risks and put in place the necessary controls and mitigating plans following a risk-based approach.  
Basically, this framework consists of:  
 
different qualitative and quantitative assessment techniques to derive both the criticality and risk 
performance of the projects; and  
 
a tiering system to focus efforts and attention to the most risky ones. 
NFR domain – Integrated Risk Management 
Incident Management 
The systematic collection and control of data on operational incidents is one of the main requirements of the Basel 
Committee regarding operational risk management.  
The reporting mechanisms ensure that the responsible parties are notified quickly when incidents. Major incidents 
are investigated thoroughly and are reported to the CRO/ Management Board. Such incidents are also subject to 
specific action plans and appropriate follow-up, under the responsibility of the concerned line management, for 
avoidance, mitigation or limitation of the related risk.  
The main areas of operational losses remain essentially due to incidents associated with external fraud and 
incidents in relation to execution, delivery and process management. Other categories remain limited in amount 
but not necessarily in number of events. The most important part of the financial impact resulting from operational 
incidents comes from the Bank’s retail business. 
Self-Assessment of Risks and Internal Controls 
Another important task of risk management is the analysis of the overall main potential risks and related key 
controls, performed within Belfius Group’s main entities. This is achieved through a bottom-up Self-Assessment 
of Risks and Internal Controls (SARIC) in all departments and subsidiaries, using the COSO methodology to 
determine the internal control level. These exercises may result in the development of additional action plans to 
further reduce potential risks. They also provide an excellent overview of the main risk areas in the various 
businesses. They are conducted annually, and the results are submitted to the respective Boards of Directors

--- Page 59 ---
59 
through the reports regarding the assessment of internal control. Belfius Bank also submits the senior management 
report on the assessment of the internal control to its regulators. 
Managing insurance policies 
The possible financial impact of Belfius’ operational risks is also mitigated by taking insurance policies, principally 
covering professional liability, fraud, theft, and interruption of business and cyber risk. This is standard practice in 
the financial services’ industry. 
Outsourcing risk 
Belfius is aware that outsourcing & third-party risk must be addressed adequately and fully assumes its 
responsibilities, including but not limited to overseeing and managing the concerned arrangements and the risks 
involved. The Outsourcing Risk & Material Arrangements Policy is compliant with the “Final Report on EBA 
Draft Guidelines on Outsourcing Arrangements”. In particular, the policy provides for the appointment of the 
outsourcing function and the setup of the Outsourcing Management (steering) Committee (OMC). Its mission 
consist in ensuring a well governed and coordinated outsourcing strategy in line with Belfius strategy, risk appetite 
and regulatory requirements. 
Permanent control 
It is difficult to envisage risk management without taking special attentions to internal control systems. To this 
regard, permanent control functions have been further deployed in order to provide ongoing assurance on the 
adequacy & effectiveness of the Belfius’ control environment. 
NFR domain – Risk culture and governance 
Risk Appetite 
The formal definition of a Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) is the key reference for the group Risk Management 
practice covering both financial and non-financial risks.  
The RAF for NFR contains quantitative elements (target values or ratios) and qualitative elements (statements) 
and is articulated around three concepts on which limits are defined:  
 
“Risks”: What are the risks? How to appreciate the risk level (past and forward looking)?  
 
“Risk management capacity”: What is the capacity to manage the risks?  
 
“Loss tolerance”: What are the potential P&L and future RWA impacts Belfius tolerates? The RAF covers 
a.o. loss tolerance, management capacity, fraud risk, data privacy risk, outsourcing & third-party risk, 
resources risk, project/transformation risk, information security. 
The RAF is continuously updated and improved regarding RAF indicators, with constant challenging at the 
governance level and improving level of maturity.  
In order to further strengthen the conglomerate dimension, the RAF is also rolled out in the Belfius’ subsidiaries. 
Their respective RAF is based on the RAF at group level, reflecting and monitoring their own (financial and non-
financial) vulnerabilities and risks. 
NFR domain – Operational resilience 
Business continuity and crisis management 
Belfius is committed to its clients, counterparties, and regulators to put in place, maintain and test viable alternative 
arrangements that, following an incident, allow the continuation or the resumption of critical business activities at 
the agreed operational level and entirely compliant with the Belgian regulation.  
The supporting process, the business continuity and crisis management, is aligned with the ISO22301 standard 
and the BCI Good Practice Guidelines. It is applied in a uniform way at all Belfius entities and relies on a.o. threat 
analysis, business impact analysis, reallocation strategies (dual office, remote and homeworking, etc.), effective

--- Page 60 ---
60 
management reporting, business continuity plans as well as exercise and maintenance programs. In that way, 
Belfius has also demonstrated its resilience to the Covid-19 situation.  
As the Covid-19 situation allowed a more normal way of working, room is now available to exercise in order to 
test our ability to react. 
Employment Practices (HR) & Workplace Safety, Damage to Assets & Public Safety risk 
Belfius has a very low appetite for physical security and workplace safety risk and strives to provide a safe 
environment for its staff, clients, guests, and assets by ensuring that its physical security measures and procedures 
meet high standards. To meet this goal, a Physical Security Steering Committee with all stakeholders 
systematically monitors the overall situation by means of a dashboard. It also acts as a forum to reflect and to 
dialogue on actual incidents, and to envisage action plans to reduce the risk to acceptable levels. 
Fraud Risk Management & 2 LoD audit 
Fraud risk 
Belfius applies a zero-tolerance policy for all forms of fraud (internal, external, and mixed fraud schemes), 
monitors the threats continuously and manages these risks based on a global anti-fraud policy as defined and 
steered by senior management. The roles and responsibilities have been clearly defined with business and support 
lines as the first risk managers. The CRO and NFR team, including the Anti-Fraud Officer as expert, have a clear 
2nd LoD role. 
In a context of evolving digital channels and faster payments processing, internal controls are continuously 
screened to prevent fraud and this to protect the interests of Belfius and its employees, customers, suppliers, and 
other stakeholders. Continuous investments are realised to protect clients against potential impacts from phishing 
or other techniques.  
Moreover, specialised panels are regularly organised to enhance awareness, information exchange on fraud trends, 
fraud detection tools and best practices in order to enhance fraud detection and mitigation within Belfius Group 
and to ensure that the Anti-Fraud Steering Committee (A-FSC) receives the information necessary for defining & 
monitoring the anti-fraud risk management. 
Branch audit 
Branch Audit, as part of the Risk function and from a 2nd LOD perspective, focusses specifically on traditional 
“physical” distribution channels for which it provides through on site reviews an assurance on the degree of control 
of the risks generated during human intervention in the distribution process and which require a physical presence 
on site in order to be assessed. Branch Audit also formulates advices in order to improve the functioning of the 
internal control system. 
Information Security Management 
For Belfius, the purpose of information security is to protect Belfius’ information having a value for the 
organisation: i.e. the information generated by the business, the information belonging to our clients, and also the 
information, derived from freely accessible or publicly available data, which has acquired a value as a result of the 
treatment carried out by or on behalf of Belfius. The threats against data and information are their loss of integrity; 
of confidentiality; and their unplanned unavailability. The mission of information security is to safeguard against 
these threats.  
Belfius also considers that the objective regarding information security extends to managing the risks linked to the 
consequences of these threats if they have materialized in terms of customers’ trust, finance, reputation, peer 
confidence (regulators, financial markets) and confidence of our business partners. An information security 
strategy derived from these principles is applicable to all actions pertaining to information security.  
In order to guarantee the information security within Belfius, the Information Security Steering (ISS) Committee, 
managed by the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) and chaired by the Chief Risk Officer, ensures a well

--- Page 61 ---
61 
governed and coordinated information security strategy whereby an adequate system of “prevention”, “detection”, 
“protection” and “reaction” is put in place, in line with regulatory requirements for information security. The 
steering of Belfius information security is relying on a combination of qualitative statements, tangible figures and 
quantitative statements: deviations from the risk appetite are challenged to mitigate the risks to an acceptable level. 
Large security projects are grouped together in a security roadmap which typically spans the course of two years.  
The first half-year 2023 was characterized by the release of a first set of KRI related to the Information Security 
Management System (ISMS), based on ISO27001 that we are currently deploying into the company. The 
deployment of ISMS controls has continued with a focus on controls linked to information security risks rated as 
high. The update of the ISMS policies that should be done every three years has begun in 2023 too.  
The publication of the regulatory technical standards for the DORA regulation has marked a milestone in 
information security as they now have to get integrated into our ISMS deployment effort.  
Another milestone is the announcement of a stress test imposed by the ECB that takes as a start point a cyber 
incident that makes the core system (including the core database) of banks unavailable because all preventive tools 
in place have failed. This ECB stress test thus takes as a central scenario a cyber incident affecting Belfius 
information. The ECB made clear this stress test has an exploratory nature without the usual actions to be 
undertaken in case of unsatisfactory results.  
The call for consultation about the ECB stress test scenario and methodology has run to 15 August. We took part 
to the consultation. The ECB stress test will be launched in 2024. 
Data Privacy Management 
Respect for privacy and customer satisfaction 
The respect for privacy and the protection of personal data is a key commitment at Belfius, which is translated into 
a sound internal governance and principles to be followed in the respect of GDPR.  
In order to continuously guarantee data privacy within Belfius, the Privacy Committee related to GDPR regularly 
meets. Belfius’ Management and several committees are informed about GDPR on a recurrent basis at Belfius.  
Staff needs to regularly update their GDPR knowledge and are also regularly informed on GDPR “news”.  
The Data Privacy Officer (DPO) is part of the 2nd line of defence. A network of privacy correspondents, active in 
each department, work closely with the DPO to continuously raise awareness, control, and monitor processes and 
activities being in line with GDPR.  
GDPR conformity, including a risk assessment for the rights and freedom of the owners whose personal data is 
treated, is integrated into every process to offer (existing, adapted, and new) products, innovative digital tools, 
services, and information sharing to its clients.  
All activities treating personal data are documented by the business lines in a privacy register and Belfius is very 
committed to avoid personal data breaches and to manage any incident as quickly as possible.  
Data subject rights can be executed by data subjects via multiple possibilities, including the Belfius’ online and 
mobile applications. 
ESG Risk54 
 
54  Unaudited.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
After laying out the foundations, designing a roadmap and creating an ESG Risk Competence Center, Belfius is 
now actively working on the implementation of its ESG action plan. Belfius is further embedding environmental, 
social and governance risks (particularly climate-related risks in a first instance) into its existing risk management 
framework with the goal to adequately manage those risks to ensure its long term resilience and profitability. The 
main progress achieved during the first semester of 2023 relates primarily to the carrying out of comprehensive 
climate and environmental risks materiality assessments, the implementation of its ESG scoring model for 
corporates and the expansion of the internal ESG KRI dashboard. 
Risk identification and assessment 
Belfius is combining two approaches:  
 
A top-down approach where climate-related risks (and opportunities) are assessed at portfolio level and 
potential risk pockets are identified.  
 
A bottom-up approach where climate-related risks are assessed at counterparty and/or asset level, 
vulnerable assets are identified and quantified and scores are assigned to counterparties.  
Belfius is currently in the process of assessing the magnitude of the potential (financial) impact of relevant climate 
and environmental risk drivers on its solvency, liquidity and profitability, considering its specific (sectoral) 
exposures and risk profile:  
 
This exercise is based on regional and sectoral heatmaps, drafted with the help of an external climate 
specialist, evaluating the likelihood of occurrence of climate and environmental risk drivers and the 
expected severity of the socio-economic impact of those events.  
 
The level of exposure of Belfius’ counterparties/assets/activities to those risk drivers is then assessed 
under several scenarios and time horizons and across various risk dimensions (covering credit, market, 
liquidity, operational and strategic risks). 
This comprehensive exercise is complemented by the finetuning of the climate risk assessment and simulation tool 
for mortgage loans, aimed at projecting possible evolutions of the mortgage loan portfolio in the long term (up to 
2050).  
Belfius has also started implementing its in-house ESG assessment methodology for corporates, which aims at:  
 
capturing data about the global ESG profile of corporate counterparties through an engagement process 
with clients;  
 
evaluating their current performance and practices, historical trends and future plans;  
 
supporting their transition to a low carbon economy in order to get a win-win situation in which the 
customer improves its profile and Belfius reduces its risks.  
Leveraging on the results of the materiality assessments, the simulation tool for mortgage loans and the assessment 
methodology for corporates, Belfius will investigate the need to perform deep dives, design additional stress test 
scenarios, define new key risk indicators and limits, set further mitigation measures in place, etc.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Quantification, Metrics and Monitoring 
Belfius’ sensitivity to climate and environmental risks should remain fairly limited as it relies on the overall sound 
composition and risk profile of its balance sheet to mitigate credit and market impacts, as evidenced by the follow 
up of the main key risk indicators in this field which show that:  
Belfius holds only minor exposures to fossil fuel activities;  
 
the share of climate sensitive exposures (defined at sectoral level) remains reasonable with low exposures 
toward the most sensitive sectors (such as agriculture and mining);  
 
the share of mortgage loan production collateralised by buildings with a very low EPC score remains 
within the risk appetite; 
 
the share of mortgage loan production collateralised by buildings located in a high-medium flood risk 
zone is still very limited. 
6.9. Ratings 
Between 1 January 2023 and 31 August 2023, the rating agencies took the following decisions: 
 
On 28 June 2023, S&P confirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A with Stable outlook; 
 
On 7 July 2023, Moody’s affirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A1 and changed the outlook to 
positive from stable; 
 
On 13 July 2023, Fitch affirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A- with Stable outlook. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Belfius Bank had the following ratings: 
 
Stand-alone 
rating (*) 
Long-term 
rating 
Outlook 
Short-term 
rating
Fitch ......................................... 
A- 
A- 
Stable 
F1
Moody’s ................................... 
Baa1 
A1 
Positive 
Prime-1
Standard and Poor’s ................. 
A- 
A 
Stable 
A-1
(*) Intrinsic creditworthiness 
The rating agencies, Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s and Fitch Ratings or other rating agency if applicable, use ratings 
to assess whether a potential borrower will be able in the future to meet its credit commitments as agreed. A major 
element in the rating for this purpose is an appraisal of the company’s net assets, financial position and earnings 
performance. In addition, Belfius Bank is wholly owned by the Belgian federal state through the Federal Holding 
and Investment Company, and it is possible that, if the ratings assigned to the Belgian federal state were to be 
downgraded, that could result in the ratings assigned to Belfius Bank being negatively affected. Moreover, as the 
ownership of a bank is one of the factors taken into in determining a bank’s rating, a change of ownership of 
Belfius Bank could have a potential impact on the ratings assigned to Belfius Bank. A bank’s rating is an important 
comparative element in its competition with other banks. It also has a significant influence on the individual ratings 
of a bank’s important subsidiaries. A downgrading or the mere possibility of a downgrading of the rating of Belfius 
Bank or one of its subsidiaries might have adverse effects on the relationship with customers and on the sales of 
the products and services of the company in question. In this way, new business could suffer, Belfius Bank’s 
competitiveness in the market might be reduced, and its funding costs would increase substantially. A downgrading 
of the rating would also have adverse effects on the costs to Belfius Bank of raising equity and borrowed funds 
and might lead to new liabilities arising or to existing liabilities being called that are dependent upon a given rating 
being maintained. It could also happen that, after a downgrading, Belfius Bank would have to provide additional 
collateral for derivative transactions in connection with rating-based collateral arrangements. If the rating of 
Belfius Bank were to fall within reach of the non-investment grade category, it would suffer considerably. In turn, 
this would have an adverse effect on Belfius Bank’s ability to be active in certain business areas.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
6.10. Other information 
Dependency of the Issuer 
The Issuer is not dependent on any of its subsidiaries, save for Belfius Insurance SA/NV. Belfius Insurance SA/NV 
holds the licenses required for insurance undertakings, and Belfius Bank consequently relies on it for the insurance 
activities carried out by it. 
Arrangements resulting in a change of control 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no arrangements known to Belfius Bank, the operation of which 
may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of Belfius Bank. 
Recent events 
Other than as stated in this section and in the section entitled “Non-adjusting post-balance sheet events” above, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus there are no recent events particular to Belfius Bank which are, to a material 
extent, relevant to the evaluation of its solvency. 
6.11. Litigation 
Belfius (Belfius Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries) is involved as a party in a number of litigations in Belgium, 
arising in the ordinary course of its business activities, including those where it is acting as an insurer, capital and 
credit provider, employer, investor and taxpayer.  
Belfius recognises provisions for such litigations when, in the opinion of its management taking into account all 
available elements, including an analysis by its company lawyers and external legal advisors as the case may be: 
 
a present obligation has arisen as a result of past events; 
 
it is probable that Belfius will have to make a payment; and  
 
the amount of such payment can be estimated reliably.  
With respect to certain other litigations against Belfius, of which management is aware, no provision has been 
made according to the principles outlined here above, as the management is of the opinion, after due consideration 
of appropriate advice, that, while it is often not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of all pending 
litigations, such litigations are without legal merit, can be successfully defended, or that the outcome of these 
actions is not expected to result in a significant loss.  
In the opinion of Belfius, the most important cases are listed below, regardless of whether a provision has been 
made or not. Their description does not deal with elements or evolutions that do not have an impact on the position 
of Belfius. If the cases listed below were to be successful for the opposite parties, they could eventually result in 
monetary consequences for Belfius. For litigations for which no provision has been made, such impact remains 
unquantifiable at this stage. Note that, apart from the cases listed below, continued vigilance can be observed in 
the prevention of money laundering (AML) in the Belgian financial sector. In this context, as is customary, Belfius 
is collaborating with the Belgian authorities and monitors this closely. 
1. Arco – Cooperative shareholders  
Various parties, including Belfius Bank, have been summoned by Arco – Cooperative shareholders in three 
separate procedures, i.e.: 
 
a procedure before the Dutch speaking Commercial Court of Brussels (Procedure C.C. Deminor); 
 
a procedure before the Court of First Instance of Brussels (Procedure C.F.I. ArcoClaim 2018); 
 
a procedure before the Court of First Instance of Brussels (Procedure C.F.I. Deminor 2022).

--- Page 65 ---
65 
1.1. Procedure C.C. Deminor  
On 30 September 2014, 737 shareholders from 3 companies of the Arco Group (Arcopar, Arcoplus and Arcofin) 
initiated (with support of Deminor) proceedings against the Arco entities and Belfius Bank before the Dutch-
speaking Commercial Court of Brussels (the “Deminor Proceedings”). On 19 December 2014, 1,027 additional 
shareholders of the Arco entities joined in the Deminor Proceedings. On 15 January 2016, 405 additional 
shareholders of the Arco entities joined the Deminor Proceedings, resulting in a total of 2,169 plaintiffs. On 
16 November 2020, a further “Deminor” procedure was initiated, in which all plaintiffs except one joined, to 
anticipate a possible nullity of the original summons. The content of the two proceedings is identical. As a result, 
they are treated together.  
The plaintiffs have requested that the Brussels Court rules, among other things:  
 
in first order, that the agreements by virtue of which they became shareholders of the relevant Arco entities 
are null and void as a consequence of an alleged defect in consent;  
 
that the defendants should therefore, in solidum, reimburse the plaintiffs for their financial contribution 
in these entities plus interest;  
 
in the alternative, a compensation is asked to Belfius Bank for an alleged violation of the information 
duty; and  
 
that the defendants are liable for certain additional damages to the plaintiffs.  
The historical financial contribution of the 2,169 plaintiffs to the Arco Group entities, for which reimbursement is 
claimed, amounted to approximately EUR 6.5 million (principal amount). The plaintiffs’ claims in the Deminor 
Proceedings are based on allegations of fraud and/or error on the part of the Arco entities and Belfius Bank. In the 
alternative, the plaintiffs have argued that Belfius Bank breached its general duty of care as a normal and prudent 
banker. In relation to Belfius Bank, the plaintiffs have referred to certain letters and brochures allegedly containing 
misleading information issued by the predecessors of Belfius Bank. The Belgian State, DRS Belgium (Deminor) 
and the Chairman of the Management Board of the Arco entities are also defendants in the proceedings before the 
Commercial Court of Brussels. In the meantime, the VZW Arcoclaim also intervened in this litigation procedure 
(on grounds of an alleged transfer of claim by one of the plaintiffs/Arco shareholders). The case has been pleaded 
during several pleading sessions in June 2021. In its decision announced on 3 November 2021, the Dutch-speaking 
Commercial Court of Brussels rejected all the claims of the Arco shareholders.  
Arco shareholders have launched an appeal against this judgement. The case is now pending before the Court of 
Appeal in Brussels. A pleading calendar has been determined. A pleading hearing can be expected at the earliest 
in the second half of 2028. 
1.2. Procedure C.F.I. ArcoClaim 2018 
On 7 February 2018, 2 Arco shareholders summoned the Belgian State before the Court of First Instance of 
Brussels because they state that the Belgian State has made a fault by promising and introducing a guarantee 
scheme for shareholders of financial cooperative companies (like the Arco shareholders) which has been 
considered illicit state aid by the European Commission. These 2 plaintiffs also summoned Belfius Bank on 8 
February 2018 to intervene in this procedure and claim compensation from Belfius Bank because they consider 
that Belfius Bank erred in the sale of the Arco shares. Groups of Arco shareholders organised themselves via social 
media to mobilize other Arco shareholders to become claimant in this procedure. The VZW Arcoclaim also 
intervenes in this litigation procedure.  
In this procedure VZW Arcoclaim had requested the initiation of a mediation procedure before the court, but this 
request has been dropped in May 2023. In the meantime, to date, ArcoClaim has declared that 7.258 new Arco 
shareholders have joined ArcoClaim, in addition to 5.334 Arco shareholders already being part of ArcoClaim.  
No pleading calendar has been fixed yet, but ArcoClaim had requested that this procedure be joined with the 
procedure C.F.I. Deminor 2022 (see also Procedure C.F.I. Deminor 2022).

--- Page 66 ---
66 
1.3. Procedure C.F.I. Deminor 2022 
On 14 December 2022, 10 Arco shareholders have launched a new judicial procedure with the assistance of 
Deminor against the Arco-companies, the Belgian State and Belfius before the Court of First Instance in Brussels, 
in which they ask the defending parties to be condemned to indemnification based on extra-contractual liability, 
equal to claimant’s financial contribution including interests, dividends, and possible bonus reserves, as well as a 
supplementary indemnification for moral damages. In the meanwhile, to date, a total of 13.678 Arco shareholders 
have joined this procedure.  
At the introductory hearing of 2 June 2023, several procedural issues have risen, a.o.:  
 
ArcoClaim has intervened in the Deminor 2022 procedure, requesting that the ArcoClaim procedure 
(Procedure C.F.I. ArcoClaim 2018) be joined together with the Deminor 2022 procedure (Procedure 
C.F.I. Deminor 2022). Deminor has strongly opposed the joining of procedures, fearing that its procedure 
will be excessively delayed; and  
 
Deminor has requested a preliminary judgement to condemn Arco to provide all the Arco shareholder 
documentation (date of purchase, amount, etc.) to the claimants. Arco has opposed this request. 
Considering these procedural issues, the case has been suspended (rolverzending/ renvoi au rôle). A procedural 
calendar is expected so that parties can submit their written arguments (limited to this specific procedural issue).  
No provision has been made for these claims because Belfius Bank is of the opinion that it has sufficient valid 
arguments to result in these claims being declared inadmissible and/or without merit. 
2. Investigations into the Panama Papers 
These paragraphs are mentioned for completeness only, although the matters below do not comprise a litigation. 
On 5 December 2017, a police search under the lead of an examining magistrate of Brussels 
(onderzoeksrechter/juge d’instruction) took place at Belfius Bank’s head office in the framework of the Belgian 
“Panama Papers” Parliamentary Commission. Belfius Bank was investigated as a witness and has not been accused 
of any wrongdoing. The scope of the investigation is to establish whether there are any violations of anti-money 
laundering obligations and to investigate the link between Belfius Bank (or its predecessors), and, amongst other, 
Experta and Dexia Banque Internationale à Luxembourg (i.e., former entities of the Dexia group). 
To date, Belfius Bank did not receive any further information since the above mentioned police search. 
3. Investigation by the public prosecutor into the activities of an independent bank agency  
On 12 November 2020, public prosecution has been initiated, a.o. against Belfius Bank, for its alleged role in 
potential fraudulent activities that would have been conducted with the assistance of a director of an independent 
bank agency of Belfius Bank in violation of several (banking) regulations. After consultation of the criminal file, 
Belfius continues to believe that it has sufficient valid arguments to result in these claims being declared 
inadmissible and/or without merit. No provision has been booked for this case. 
6.12. Management and Supervision of Belfius Bank 
6.12.1. Composition of the Management Board and the Board of Directors 
A. Management Board 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Management Board has six members who have all acquired experience 
in the banking and financial sector. The members of the Management Board form a college. The Management 
Board consists of the following six members:

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Significant other functions
performed outside Belfius
Bank 
 
Marc Raisière ........................................................ 
Chairman 
 
none 
 
Marianne Collin…………………………………. 
Member 
 
none 
 
Dirk Gyselinck ...................................................... 
Member 
 
none 
 
Olivier Onclin ....................................................... 
Member 
 
none 
 
Bram Somers ......................................................... 
Member 
 
none 
 
Johan Vankelecom 
 
Member 
 
none 
 
 
The above members of the Management Board have their business address at 1210 Brussels, Place Charles Rogier 
11, Belgium. 
The Management Board is responsible for the effective management of Belfius Bank, directing and coordinating 
the activities of the various business lines and support departments within the framework of the objectives and 
general policy set by the Board of Directors. These powers do not include determining Belfius Bank’s overall 
policy, nor actions reserved for the Board of Directors by the provisions in the Belgian Code of Companies and 
Associations or by the Banking Law. 
The Management Board ensures that Belfius Bank’s business activities are in line with the strategy, risk 
management and general policy set by the Board of Directors. It passes on relevant information to the Board of 
Directors to enable it to take informed decisions. It formulates proposals and advice to the Board of Directors with 
a view to defining or improving Belfius Bank’s general policy and strategy. 
The members of the Management Board form a collegial body. They are required to carry out their duties in 
complete objectivity and independence. 
Under the supervision of the Board of Directors, the Management Board takes the necessary measures, to ensure 
that Belfius Bank has a robust and sustainable organisational structure suited to Belfius Bank’s organisation in 
order to guarantee the effective and prudent management of Belfius Bank in accordance with the Banking Law. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Belfius Bank of the members of the Management 
Board and their private interests and other duties. 
B. Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors defines, on proposal or recommendation of the Management Board, and, inter alia, 
supervises:  
- 
the institution’s strategy and objectives, including ESG; 
- 
the risk policy, including the risk tolerance level; 
- 
the organisation of the institution for the provision of investment services, the exercise of investment activities, 
the provision of ancillary services, the marketing of structured deposits and the provision of advice to clients 
on such products, including the organisational arrangements, as well as the skills, knowledge and expertise 
required of the staff, the resources, procedures and mechanisms with or by which the institution provides those 
services and exercises those activities; and 
- 
the integrity policy. 
In the context of this responsibility, the Board of Directors is actively involved with the general policy, in particular 
regarding the supervision of the risk policy, organisation and financial stability of Belfius Bank and its governance, 
including the definition of the credit institution’s objectives and values.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Also, as Belfius Bank is head of the Belfius financial conglomerate, Belfius Bank’s Board of Directors is 
responsible for the general policy, risk appetite and strategy of Belfius and the compliance of the subsidiaries 
herewith. 
The Board of Directors also approves Belfius Bank’s Governance Memorandum. 
Pursuant to the articles of association of Belfius Bank, the Board of Directors of Belfius Bank is composed of a 
minimum of ten members appointed for maximum terms of four years. The table below sets forth the names of the 
Directors, their position within Belfius Bank and the other significant functions they perform outside Belfius Bank. 
The business address for the members of the Board of Directors is 1210 Brussels, Place Charles Rogier 11, 
Belgium. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors consists of eighteen members, six of whom sit on 
the Management Board.  
The Board of Directors, which is made up of professionals from a variety of industries, including the financial 
sector, has the expertise and experience required associated with Belfius Bank’s various operating businesses. 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Significant other functions 
performed outside Belfius 
Bank 
 
Chris Sunt ............................. 
 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of Belfius Bank 
(Independent Director) 
 
none 
 
Marc Raisière ....................... 
 
Chairman of the Management 
Board 
 
none 
 
Marianne Collin……………
 
Member of the Management 
Board 
Chief Risk Officer 
Responsible for Risk 
Management and Compliance 
 
none 
 
Dirk Gyselinck ..................... 
 
Member of the Management 
Board 
Responsible for Wealth, 
Enterprises, Public, Financial 
Markets and Customer Loan 
Services  
 
none 
 
Olivier Onclin ...................... 
 
Member of the Management 
Board 
Responsible for Private, Business 
& Retail Banking and Customer 
Transaction Services 
 
none 
 
Bram Somers 
 
Member of the Management 
Board  
Chief Technology Officer, 
 
none

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Significant other functions 
performed outside Belfius 
Bank 
 
Johan Vankelecom ................ 
 
Member of the Management 
Board  
Chief Financial Officer, 
Responsible for Financial 
Reporting,  ALM, Legal, Tax, 
Research, Strategic Planning and 
Performance Management 
(SPPM), Belfius Asset 
Management 
 
none 
 
Paul Bodart ........................... 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Belfius Bank 
(Independent Director) 
 
Director of companies and non-
profit organisations 
 
Estelle Cantillon ................... 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Belfius Bank as from 
27 September 2023 (Independent 
Director) 
 
FNRS Research Director at the 
Université Libre de Bruxelles 
(ULB) 
 
Colette Dierick……….. 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Belfius Bank 
(Independent Director) 
 
Director of companies 
 
Daniel Falque ....................... 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Belfius Bank 
(Independent Director) 
 
Director of companies and non-
profit organisations 
Senior Industry Advisor 
 
Olivier Gillerot ..................... 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Belfius Bank as from 
27 September 2023 (Independent 
Director) 
 
Director of companies and non-
profit organisations  
 
Hélène Goessart ................... 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Belfius Bank 
(Independent Director) 
 
None 
 
Peter Hinssen………………
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Belfius Bank 
(Independent Director) 
 
Entrepreneur, keynote speaker 
and author 
 
Georges 
Hübner
 ............................................. 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Belfius Bank 
(Independent Director) 
 
Full Professor at HEC Liège – 
University of Liège  
 
Isabel Neumann……………
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Belfius Bank 
(Independent Director) 
 
Chief Investment Officer at 
Shurgard Self Storage 
 
 
Lutgart Van Den Berghe ....... 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Belfius Bank 
(Director) 
 
Emeritus extraordinary Professor 
at the University of Ghent (UG) 
and emeritus part-time Professor 
at the Vlerick Business School

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Significant other functions 
performed outside Belfius 
Bank 
 
Rudi Vander Vennet .............. 
 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Belfius Bank 
(Director) 
 
Full Professor in Financial 
Economics and Banking at the 
University of Ghent (UG)  
 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Belfius Bank of the members of the Board of 
Directors and their private interests and other duties. 
6.12.2. Advisory committees set up by the Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of Belfius Bank established various advisory committees to assist in its task, i.e., a 
Nomination Committee, a Remuneration Committee, an Audit Committee and a Risk Committee. These 
committees are exclusively composed of Non-Executive Directors. These directors are members of a maximum of 
three of these advisory committees. An Intra-Group Committee, a Technology Committee and a Belfius Art 
Committee have also been installed within the governance of the Belfius group. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Belfius Bank of the members of any of the 
following advisory committees and their private interests and other duties. 
(b) Nomination Committee 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Nomination Committee of Belfius Bank has the following membership: 
Name 
 
Position 
Lutgart Van Den Berghe .................................... 
 
Chairman – Director of Belfius Bank and Belfius
Insurance 
Chris Sunt .......................................................... 
 
Member – Chairman of the Board of Directors of
Belfius Bank 
Daniel Falque  ................................................... 
 
Member – Director of Belfius Bank and Belfius 
Insurance 
The members of the Nomination Committee have the required skills, based on their education and diverse 
professional experience, to give a competent and independent judgment on the composition and operation of 
Belfius Bank’s management bodies, in particular on the individual and collective skills of their members and their 
integrity, reputation, independence of spirit and availability. 
The Nomination Committee: 
 
identifies and recommends, for the approval of the General Meeting of Shareholders or of the Board of 
Directors, as the case may be, candidates suited to fill vacancies on the Board of Directors, evaluates the 
balance of knowledge, skills, diversity and experience within the Board of Directors, prepares a description 
of the roles and capabilities for a particular appointment and assesses the expected time commitment. The 
Nomination Committee also decides on a target for the representation of the underrepresented gender within 
the Board of Directors and prepares a policy on how to increase the number of underrepresented gender in 
order to meet that target; 
 
periodically, and at least annually, assesses the structure, size, composition and performance of the Board of 
Directors and makes recommendations to it with regard to any changes; 
 
periodically assesses the knowledge, skills, experience, degree of involvement and in particular the attendance 
of members of the Board of Directors and advisory committees, both individually and collectively, and reports 
to the Board of Directors accordingly;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
periodically reviews the policies of the Board of Directors for selection and appointment of members of the 
Management Board, and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors; 
 
prepares proposals for the appointment or mandate renewal, as the case may be, of directors, members of the 
Management Board, the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chairman of the Management Board; 
 
assesses the aptitude of a director or a candidate director to meet the criteria set forth for being considered as 
an independent director; 
 
examines questions relating to problems with the succession of directors and members of the Management 
Board; 
 
establishes a general and specific profile for directors and members of the Management Board; 
 
ensures the application of provisions with regard to corporate governance; 
 
prepares proposals for amendments to the internal rules of the Board of Directors and the Management Board; 
 
assesses the governance memorandum and, if necessary, proposes amendments; 
 
at least annually discusses and analyses the quantitative statement and qualitative analysis of communications 
regarding stress, burn-out and inappropriate behaviour at work and actions taken to remedy situations.  
In performing its duties, the Nomination Committee ensures that decision-taking within the Board of Directors is 
not dominated by one person or a small group of persons, in a way which might be prejudicial to the interests of 
Belfius Bank as a whole. 
The Nomination Committee may use any type of resources that it considers to be appropriate for the performance 
of its tasks, including external advice, and receives appropriate funding to that end. 
The Nomination Committee acts for Belfius Bank, Belfius Insurance, Corona and Belfius Asset Management. 
B. Remuneration Committee 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Remuneration Committee of Belfius Bank has the following 
membership: 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Lutgart Van Den Berghe .................................. 
 
Chairman – Director of Belfius Bank and Belfius 
Insurance 
 
Chris Sunt ........................................................ 
 
Member – Chairman of the Board of Directors of 
Belfius Bank 
 
Daniel Falque .................................................. 
 
Member – Director of Belfius Bank and Belfius 
Insurance 
 
 
The members of the Remuneration Committee have the required skills, on the basis of their educational and 
professional experience, to give a competent and independent judgment on remuneration policies and practices 
and on the incentives created for managing risks, capital and liquidity of Belfius Bank. 
In order to perform its tasks correctly, the Remuneration Committee interacted regularly with the Risk Committee 
and the Audit Committee in 2021. 
The Risk Committee ensures that Belfius’ risk management, capital requirements and liquidity position, as well as 
the probability and the spread in time of profit is correctly taken into consideration in decisions relating to 
remuneration policy.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Within Belfius Bank, this is reflected by the formulation of an opinion on a global “Risk Gateway” and by the 
establishment and assessment of Key Risk Indicators on an annual basis. Their preparation is undertaken by the 
risks divisions, in collaboration with the human resources division. 
The Audit Committee contributes to the establishment of objectives for the Auditor General and the Audit and Risk 
Committee for the objectives for the Compliance Officer. 
The audit department at Belfius Bank will provide an independent and regular analysis of the remuneration policy 
and its practical implementation. The most recent follow-up study was realised in 2019. This audit did not raise 
any particular comments. 
The Remuneration Committee prepares the decisions of the Board of Directors by inter alia: 
 
developing the remuneration policy, as well as making practical remuneration proposals for the Chairman, the 
non-executive members of the Board of Directors and the members of the advisory committees of the Board 
of Directors. The Board of Directors submits these remuneration proposals to the General Meeting of 
Shareholders for approval; 
 
developing the remuneration policy, as well as making practical proposals for the remuneration of the 
Chairman of the Management Board and, on his proposal, for the remuneration of the members of the 
Management Board; The Board of Directors then determines the remuneration of the Chairman and the 
members of the Management Board; 
 
providing advice on the proposals made by the Chairman of the Management Board of Belfius Bank in relation 
to the severance remuneration for members of Belfius Bank’s Management Board. On the proposal of the 
Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of Belfius Bank determines the severance remuneration of 
the Chairman and members of Belfius Bank’s Management Board; 
 
advising the Board of Directors in relation to the remuneration policy for staff members whose activity has a 
material impact on the risk profile of Belfius Bank (known as “Identified Staff”) and in relation to the 
compliance of the allocation of remuneration to Identified Staff with regard to the remuneration policy put in 
place for them; 
 
preparing the remuneration report approved by the Board of Directors and published in the annual report; 
 
periodically checking to ensure that the remuneration programmes are achieving their objective and are in line 
with applicable conditions; 
 
annually assessing the performance and objectives of the members of the Management Board; 
 
providing an opinion of the elaboration of a global “Risk Gateway”, in consultation with the Risk Committee, 
containing various levers applied at various points in the performance management cycle, with an impact on 
determination of the variable remuneration. 
The Remuneration Committee exercises direct supervision over the determination of objectives and remuneration 
of the individuals responsible for the independent control functions (Chief Risk Officer, General Auditor & the 
Compliance Officer). 
The Remuneration Committee acts for both Belfius Bank, Belfius Insurance, Corona and Belfius Asset 
Management. 
C. Audit Committee 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Audit Committee of Belfius Bank has the following membership: 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Georges Hübner .............................................. 
 
Chairman 
Director of Belfius Bank

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Paul Bodart ...................................................... 
 
Member  
Director of Belfius Bank 
 
Colette Dierick ................................................ 
 
Member 
Director of Belfius Bank 
 
Hélène Goessaert ............................................. 
 
Member 
Director of Belfius Bank 
 
 
The majority of the members of the audit committee are independent directors. Members of the audit committee 
have collective expertise in the field of banking, accountancy and auditing. At least one independent director of 
the audit committee is an expert in the field of accounting and/or audit.  
The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in its task of carrying out prudential controls and exercising 
general supervision. The Audit Committee of Belfius Bank operates independently of the Audit Committee 
implemented at Belfius Insurance. However, the respective Audit Committees of Belfius Bank and Belfius 
Insurance held joint meetings. 
D. Risk Committee 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Risk Committee has the following membership: 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Rudi Vander Vennet ......................................... 
 
Chairman 
Director of Belfius Bank 
 
Estelle Cantillon (as from 27 September 
2023) ............................................................... 
Member 
Director of Belfius Bank 
 
Hélène Goessaert ............................................. 
 
Member 
Director of Belfius Bank 
 
Georges Hübner .............................................. 
 
Member 
Director of Belfius Bank 
 
 
The members of the Risk Committee have the individual expertise and professional experience required to define 
strategy regarding risk and the level of risk appetite of an institution. They have acquired the specialisation 
necessary in particular as directors with other institutions and/or in their university training. Consequently, the 
Risk Committee has the required individual knowledge and expertise. 
The Risk Committee has advisory powers and responsibilities with regard to the Board of Directors in the 
following areas: 
 
appetite and strategy regarding Belfius Bank’s current and future risks (including ESG risks), more 
particularly the effectiveness of the risk management function and the governance structure to support them; 
 
monitoring implementation of risk appetite and strategy by the Management Board; 
 
allocating the risk appetite to various categories of risks and defining the extent and limits of risk in order to 
manage and restrict major risks; 
 
considering the risks run by Belfius Bank with its customer tariffs; 
 
assessing activities which expose Belfius Bank to real risks; 
 
supervising requirements in terms of capital and liquidity, the capital base and Belfius Bank’s liquidity 
situation;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
guaranteeing that risks are proportional to Belfius Bank’s capital; 
 
formulating an opinion with regard to major transactions and new proposals for strategy activities that have a 
significant impact on Belfius Bank’s risk appetite; 
 
obtaining information and analysing management reports as to the extent and nature of the risks facing Belfius 
Bank and the conglomerate (e.g. quarterly GFCR reporting); 
 
monitoring the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP), the Internal Liquidity Adequacy 
Assessment Process (ILAAP) and the Recovery Plan; 
 
overseeing the alignment between all material financial products and services offered to clients and the 
business model and risk strategy of the institution; 
 
reviewing a number of possible scenarios, including stressed scenarios, to assess how the institution’s risk 
profile would react to external and internal events; 
 
assessing the recommendations of internal and external auditors and follows up on the appropriate 
implementation of measures taken. 
The Risk Committee operates independently of the Risk & Underwriting Committee of Belfius Insurance. On the 
request of the Chairman of Belfius Bank’s committee, a joint Risk Committee of Belfius Bank and Belfius 
Insurance may be held. To promote sound remuneration policy and practices, without prejudice to the tasks of the 
Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee, the Risk Committee examines whether incentives in 
the remuneration system take proper account of the institution’s risk management, equity requirements and 
liquidity position, as well as the probability and distribution of profit over time.  
The Risk Committee and the Audit Committee periodically exchange information in particular concerning the 
quarterly risk report, the senior management report on the assessment of internal control and the risk analyses 
performed by the Legal, Compliance and Audit Departments. The aim of this exchange of information is to enable 
the two committees to perform their tasks properly and can take the form of a joint meeting. 
E. Intra-Group Committee 
An Intra-Group Committee has been established within the Belfius group. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Intra-Group Committee has the following membership: 
Name 
 
Position 
Chris Sunt .......................................................... 
 
Chairman 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Belfius Bank
Colette Dierick .................................................. 
 
Member  
Director of Belfius Bank 
Olivier Gillerot (as from 27 September 
2023)………..…………………………… 
 
Member 
Director of Belfius Bank 
Jean-Michel Kupper…………………………  
Member 
Director of Belfius Insurance 
 
The Intra-group Committee’s competences comprise the following: 
 
monitoring and reporting on significant intra-group transactions; 
 
monitoring and reporting on intra-group transactions with an important reputational impact; and 
 
advising on material conflicts of interest between companies belonging to Belfius Group in the context of 
which they fail to reach an agreement in a relatively short period of time.  
F. Technology Committee

--- Page 75 ---
75 
A Technology Committee has been established within the Belfius group in May 2021. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Technology Committee has the following membership: 
Name 
 Position 
Paul Bodart ................................................................ 
 
Chairman 
Director of Belfius Bank 
Daniel Falque ............................................................ 
 
Member 
Director of Belfius Bank and Belfius
Insurance 
Olivier Gillerot (as from 27 September 2023)
………..……………  ................................................  
Member 
Director of Belfius Bank 
Peter Hinssen ............................................................ 
 
Member 
Director of Belfius Bank 
Jean-Michel Kupper ..................................................  
Member 
Director of Belfius Insurance 
 
The Technology Committee, which is responsible for Belfius Bank and its subsidiaries, advises the Board of 
Directors on its technology strategy, important technology investment decisions. Technology includes inter alia IT, 
digital and artificial intelligence. 
The Technology Committee is responsible for:  
 
advising the Board of Directors on, and preparing the decisions of the Board of Directors with respect to, 
technology strategy and material technology investment choices; 
 
monitoring, evaluating and advising the Board of Directors on existing and future technology trends, 
regulation and competition / FinTech developments that may affect Belfius’ strategic plans including the 
monitoring of overall industry trends and future trends concerning enterprise data management and the 
financial industry’s use of data to maximize the customer experience value; 
 
assessing measures and advising the Board of Directors on Belfius’ technological strategic milestones and 
transformational developments, such as customer experience, sales through digital channels and potential 
synergies with physical and other networks, potential partnerships; 
 
monitoring and reporting to the Board of Directors on progress made with respect to the implementation of 
the technology decisions taken by the Board of Directors, including but not limited to, technology performance 
and security. This includes inter alia. Monitoring and challenging the status of the move for the cloud 
infrastructure (timing, pace, risk mitigation, hybrid models, talents), foundations and platforms; 
 
reviewing and discussing reports from management on technology related activities, strategies and metrics, 
including enterprise data project performance, and reporting to the Board of Directors on the same.  
Responsibility for the oversight of risks associated with technology, including risk assessment and risk 
management, remains with the Risk Committee and Audit Committee.  
G. Belfius Art Committee 
A Belfius Art Committee has been established since 2015. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Belfius Art Committee has the following membership: 
Name 
 Position 
 
Chris Sunt ................................................................... 
 
Chairman 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Belfius
Bank

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Name 
 Position 
 
Marc Raisière ............................................................. 
 
Member  
Chairman of the Management Board of Belfius
Bank 
 
Julie Uytterhaegen……………………… 
 
Member 
Head of Brand Experience, Communications and
HR 
 
Bénédicte Bouton……………………… 
 
 
Head of Culture at Belfius and Curator of the
Belfius Art Collection 
 
  
 
The Belfius Art Committee has been mandated by the Board of Directors of Belfius Bank to manage the Belfius 
Art Collection as defined in article 10 of the Articles of Association of Belfius Bank. Within the context of this 
mandate, the Belfius Art Committee takes decisions with respect to the management, the conservation, the 
preservation, the use, the development and the evolution of the Belfius Art Collection.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
6.13. Selected Financial Information 
The following tables summarise the consolidated balance sheet and, income statement of Belfius Bank for the 
period ending 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
1. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet  
 
 
Notes 
 
31 December
2021
IFRS 9 
31 December
2022
IFRS 9 
Assets  
 
 
 
(in thousands of EUR) 
 
Cash and balances with central banks 
 
5.2 
31,640,347
 27,295,434 
Loans and advances due from credit institutions 
 
5.3 
10,411,237
 4,143,601 
Measured at amortised cost 
 
 
10,411,237
 4,143,601 
Measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
 
0
0 
Measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
0
0 
Loans and advances 
 
5.4 
102,678,814
 110,310,792 
Measured at amortised cost 
 
 
101,540,978
 109,343,655 
Measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
 
 
99,119
 171,152 
Measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
1,038,717
 795,986 
Debt securities & equity instruments 
 
5.5 
27,195,351
 23,026,722 
Measured at amortised cost 
 
 
20,839,937
 17,494,927 
Measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
 
 
4,959,373
 4,040,914 
Measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
1,396,041
 1,490,882 
Unit linked products insurance activities 
 
 
4,245,672
 3,969,934 
Derivatives 
 
5.6 
8,909,039
 5,893,105 
Gain/loss on the hedged item in portfolio hedge of 
interest rate risk 
 
5.6 
3,651,783
 1,134,326 
Investments in equity method companies 
 
5.7 
96,107
 94,019 
Tangible fixed assets 
 
5.8 
1,614,068
 1,672,048 
Intangible assets 
 
5.9 
214,928
 236,639 
Goodwill 
 
5.10 
103,966
 103,966 
Tax assets 
 
5.11 
355,777
 490,680 
Current tax assets 
 
 
27,073
 27,115 
Deferred tax assets 
 
 
328,704
 463,565 
Technical insurance provisions – part of the reinsurer 
6.5 
130,890
 138,964 
Other assets 
 
5.12 
876,060
 915,764 
Non current assets (disposal group) held for sale and 
discontinued operations 
 
5.13 
26,505
 39,684

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
Notes 
 
31 December
2021
IFRS 9 
31 December
2022
IFRS 9 
Assets  
 
 
 
(in thousands of EUR) 
 
Total assets 
 
 
192,150,543
179,465,679
 
 
 
Notes 
 
31 December
2021
IFRS 9 
31 December
2022
IFRS 9 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
(in thousands of EUR) 
 
Cash and balances from central banks 
 
6.1 
 
15,418,072
 5,904,113 
Credit institutions borrowings and deposits 
 
6.2 
 
3,591,036
 1,869,641 
Measured at amortised cost 
 
 
 
3,591,036
 1,869,641 
Measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
 
0
 0 
Borrowings and deposits 
 
6.3 
 
104,404,013
 108,447,486 
Measured at amortised cost 
 
 
 
104,355,267
 108,427,536 
Measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
 
48,746
 19,951 
Debt securities issued and other financial liabilities 
 
6.4 
 
23,145,353
 25,928,567 
Measured at amortised cost 
 
 
 
15,116,744
 18,517,096 
Measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
 
8,028,609
 7,411,471 
Unit linked products insurance activities 
 
 
 
4,245,672
 3,969,934 
Derivatives 
 
5.6 
 
14,018,729
 8,248,509 
Gain/loss on the hedged item in portfolio hedge of 
interest rate risk 
 
5.6 
 
45,766
 (1,606,023)
 
Provisions for insurance activities 
 
6.5 
 
12,191,017
 11,495,400 
Provisions and contingent liabilities 
 
6.6 
 
529,173
 497,660 
Subordinated debts 
 
6.7 
 
1,642,749
 1,547,204 
Measured at amortised cost 
 
 
 
1,642,749
 1,547,204 
Measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
 
0
 0 
Tax liabilities 
 
5.11 
 
49,183
 69,179 
Current tax liabilities 
 
 
 
41,682
 63,014 
Deferred tax liabilities 
 
 
 
7,502
 6,165 
Other liabilities 
 
6.8 
 
1,377,031
 1,473,356 
Liabilities included in disposal group and 
discontinued operations 
 
 
0
 0
 
Total liabilities 
 
 
 
180,657,795
 167,845,027

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
Notes 
 
31 December
2021
IFRS 9 
31 December
2022
IFRS 9 
Equity  
 
 
 
(in thousands of EUR) 
 
Subscribed capital 
 
 
 
3,458,066
 3,458,066
Additional paid-in capital 
 
 
 
209,232
 209,232
Treasury shares 
 
 
 
0
 0
Reserves and retained earnings 
 
 
 
5,957,910
 6,524,910
Net income for the period 
 
 
 
934,964
 974,711
Core shareholders’  equity 
 
 
 
10,560,172
 11,166,919
Fair value changes of debt instruments measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
108,559
(222,352)
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at 
fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
179,153
136,944
Fair value changes due to own credit risk on financial 
liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or 
loss to be presented in other comprehensive income 
 
 
 
0
 0
Fair value changes of derivatives following cash flow 
hedging 
 
 
 
(98,352)
(112,644)
Remeasurement pension plans 
 
 
 
132,290
 119,933
Discretionary participation features of insurance 
contracts 
 
6.5 
 
81,096
 0
Other reserves 
 
 
 
208
 208
Gains and losses not recognised in the statement of 
income 
 
 
 
402,953
(77,910)
Total shareholders’ equity 
 
 
 
10,963,126
 11,089,008
Additional Tier-1 instruments included in equity 
 
 
 
497,083
 497,083
Non-controlling interests 
 
 
 
32,539
 34,561
Total equity 
 
 
 
11,492,748
 11,620,652
Total liabilities and equity 
 
 
 
192,150,543
 179,465,679
2. 
Consolidated Statement of Income 
 
 
 
Notes 
 
31 December
2021
IFRS 9 
31 December
2022
IFRS 9 
 
 
 
 
(in thousands of EUR) 
 
Interest income 
 
7.1 
 
3,357,376
 3,720,738 
Interest expense 
 
7.1 
 
(1,356,009)
 (1,640,450)
Dividend income 
 
7.2 
 
72,853
 71,611 
Net income from equity method companies 
 
7.3 
 
2,449
 3,993

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
Notes 
 
31 December
2021
IFRS 9 
31 December
2022
IFRS 9 
 
 
 
 
(in thousands of EUR) 
 
Net income from financial instruments at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 
7.4 
 
24,973
 24,822
Net income on investments and liabilities 
 
7.5 
 
14,842
 56,401 
Fee and commission income 
 
7.6 
 
942,249
 982,858 
Fee and commission expenses 
 
7.6 
 
(184,745)
 (192,643)
Technical result from insurance activities 
 
7.7 
 
72,916
 150,111 
Gross earned premiums 
 
 
 
1,506,818
 1,896,220 
Other technical income and charges 
 
 
 
(1,433,902)
 (1,746,109)
Other income 
 
7.8 
 
240,869
 373,847 
Other expense 
 
7.9 
 
(484,499)
 (568,935)
Income 
 
 
 
2,703,276
 2,982,353 
Staff expenses 
 
7.10 
 
(641,064)
 (699,860)
General and administrative expenses 
 
7.11 
 
(482,642)
 (572,446)
Network costs 
 
 
 
(220,587)
 (216,599)
Depreciation and amortisation of fixed assets 
 
7.12 
 
(132,833)
 (131,100)
Expenses 
 
 
 
(1,477,125)
 (1,620,005)
Net income before tax and impairments 
 
 
 
1,226,151
 1,362,349 
Impairments on financial instruments and provisions for 
credit commitments 
 
7.13 
 
1,361
 (105,689)
Impairments on tangible and intangible assets 
 
7.14 
 
(1,797)
 (2,049)
Impairments on goodwill 
 
7.15 
 
0
 0 
Net income before tax 
 
 
 
1,225,714
 1,254,611 
Current tax (expense) income 
 
7.16 
 
(234,998)
 (266,896)
Deferred tax (expense) income 
 
7.16 
 
(55,100)
 (11,823)
Total tax (expense) income 
 
 
 
(290,098)
 (278,719)
Net income after tax 
 
 
 
935,617
 975,892 
Discontinued operations (net of tax) 
 
 
 
0
 0 
Net income 
 
 
 
935,617
 975,892 
Attributable to non-controlling interests 
 
 
 
653
 1,181 
Attributable to equity holders of the parent 
 
 
 
934,964
 974,711

--- Page 81 ---
81 
7. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
SAVINGS CERTIFICATES AND FORM 
OF FINAL TERMS 
(Annex 14.4 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980)  
7.1. 
Introduction 
7.1.1. Terms and Conditions of the Savings Certificates, Final Terms 
The terms and conditions of the Savings Certificates (the “Terms and Conditions”, each chapter or 
subchapter individually referred to as “Condition”) will be governed by the conditions set out below, 
subject to completion and amendment and as supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms.  
In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the Final Terms and the other provisions of 
this Base Prospectus and this Programme, the Final Terms will prevail. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Savings Certificates will be issued in categories (each a “Category”) having the same characteristics 
with respect to maturity  and interest rates.  
7.1.2 
General provisions 
(a) 
Where these Terms and Conditions refer to any computation of a term or period of time, Article 
1.7 of the Belgian Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek/Code Civil) of 13 April 2019 (the “Belgian 
Civil Code”) shall not apply. 
(b) 
In these Terms and Conditions, any reference to any code, law, decree, regulation, directive or 
any implementing or other legislative measure shall be construed as a reference to such code, 
law, decree, regulation, directive or implementing or other legislative measure as the same may 
be amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time. 
(c) 
Any Condition may derogate either expressly or implicitly from applicable legal provisions. 
Even if there is no express derogation from a specific legal provision, the relevant Condition 
may still implicitly derogate from legal provisions (for instance by providing for a different 
contractual regime). 
7.2. 
Nature and category of the Savings Certificates 
(a) 
Type of security 
(i) 
The Savings Certificates issued pursuant to these Terms and Conditions are “bons de 
caisse/kasbons”. The Savings Certificates are a type of “obligation/obligatie”. 
(ii) 
The holder purchasing the Savings Certificates makes an investment that represents a 
loan made to the Issuer, whereby the Issuer undertakes to pay an interest on such loan 
and to repay the principal amount in its entirety on the Maturity Date (as defined 
below). 
(iii) 
The Savings Certificates are transferable securities that can be transferred by the holder 
to a third party.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
(b) 
Security identifier 
(i) 
The Savings Certificates will be allocated an ISIN Code (International Securities 
Identification Number) . 
(ii) 
In addition, an alternative code is being used (ISIN-Like Code) in order to allow a 
proper communication between financial institutions with respect to the positions held, 
the movement of securities, the custody activities and the exchange of data with respect 
to cash payments in respect of securities. This ISIN-Like Code is generated for each 
Category of Savings Certificate.  
7.3. 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
7.3.1 
Governing law 
The Savings Certificates are governed by Belgian law.   
7.3.2 
Jurisdiction 
All disputes arising out of or in connection with the Savings Certificates shall be submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the competent courts in Belgium. 
7.3.3 
Acknowledgment and Consent of the Bail-in Power with respect to the Savings Certificates 
Each holder (which includes any current of future holder of a beneficial interest in the Savings 
Certificates) acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the Savings Certificates may be 
subject to the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges and accepts to be 
bound by (i) the variation of the terms and conditions of the Savings Certificates, as deemed necessary 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority and (ii) the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. Such exercise may, among others, include and result in any of the following, or a combination 
thereof: 
(a) 
all, or part of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Savings Certificates being reduced or 
cancelled; 
(b) 
all or part of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Savings Certificates being converted into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person and such shares, 
securities or obligations being issued to or conferred on the holder of the Savings Certificates, 
including by means of a variation, modification or amendment of the terms and conditions of 
the Savings Certificates; 
(c) 
the Savings Certificates or the Relevant Amount in respect of the Savings Certificates being 
cancelled; and 
(d) 
the maturity of the Savings Certificates being amended or altered, or the amount of interest 
payable on the Savings Certificates, or date on which interest becomes payable; including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period being amended. 
In this Condition,  
“Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations (including delegated or 
implementing measures such regulatory technical standards), requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and their parent undertakings, 
and minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity 
instruments of the Kingdom of Belgium, the NBB (or any successor or replacement entity having primary

--- Page 83 ---
83 
responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer), the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, the Financial Stability Board and/or of the European Parliament or of the Council of the 
European Union then in effect in the Kingdom of Belgium, pursuant to which obligations of the Issuer 
can be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise varied in any 
way, or securities of the Issuer can be written down and/or converted into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or any other person, whether in connection with the implementation of a bail-in 
power following placement in resolution or otherwise. 
“Relevant Amounts” means the principal amount of, and/or interest on, the Savings Certificates. These 
amounts include amounts that have become due and payable but which have prior to the exercise of the 
Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority not yet been paid. 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the Single Resolution Board established by Regulation (EU) 
No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 and/or any other authority 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the bail-in power from time to time (including the 
Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the 
Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
7.4. 
Form of the Savings Certificates 
(a) 
The Savings Certificates are issued in dematerialised form in accordance with article 7:35 of the 
Belgian Code of Companies and Association (“BCCA”). 
(b) 
The Savings Certificates issued in dematerialised form are registered in a securities account held 
by the holder of the Savings Certificates. 
(c) 
A conversion of Savings Certificates in dematerialised form into registered form can always be 
requested by the relevant holder. 
(d) 
The Issuer is a recognised account holder for purposes article 7:35 BCCA and acts as the head 
of pyramid in respect of the Savings Certificates issued by it. The Issuer centralises all operations 
with respect to the Savings Certificates, such as the payment of interest and redemption 
payments, also if the relevant Savings Certificates would have been transferred by the holder to 
another financial institution for custody. With respect to the securities registered in book-entry 
form (the Savings Certificates in de materialised form), the Issuer is the entity in charge of 
keeping the records (name and address: Belfius Bank SA/NV, Place Charles Rogier 11, 1210 
Saint-Josse-ten-Noode).(e) It should be noted that the deposit protection for Saving Certificates 
(referred to in Condition 7.6.2) only applies in respect of the Savings Certificates in 
dematerialised form, to the extent that these Savings Certificates in dematerialised form are held 
on a securities account in the name of an account holder eligible for deposit protection in 
accordance with the conditions of the Belgian deposit protection scheme. With respect to 
Savings Certificates converted in Savings Certificates in registered form at the request of the 
holder (in accordance with Condition 7.4), it should be noted that such Savings Certificates are 
eligible for deposit protection in accordance with the conditions of the Belgian deposit protection 
scheme, provided that the Savings Certificates are registered in the name of an account holder 
eligible for deposit protection in accordance with the conditions of the Belgian deposit protection 
scheme. 
7.5. 
Currency of the Savings Certificates 
The Savings Certificates are issued in euro. 
7.6. 
Status of the Savings Certificates and waiver of set-off

--- Page 84 ---
84 
7.6.1 
Status of the Savings Certificates as senior preferred liabilities 
(a) 
The Savings Certificates represent debt obligations of the Issuer and do not form part of the 
capital or own funds of the Issuer. The holder of the Savings Certificates has a contractual claim 
(receivable) against the Issuer for the repayment of the principal amount of the Savings 
Certificates at the conditions as set out in these Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(b) 
On 31 July 2017, Belgium adopted a legislation establishing a new category of debt securities 
available to credit institutions. The law provides for a new Article 389/1 into the Banking Law. 
In particular, Article 389/1 aims at increasing the effectiveness of the bail-in tool and introduces 
a new category of claims in the statutory creditor hierarchy in the case of a liquidation procedure 
(procédure de liquidation/liquidatieprocedure) of a credit institution. Article 389/1 of the 
Banking Law now divides senior notes into: (i) senior preferred liabilities, retaining the same 
ranking as the previous senior notes; and (ii) senior non-preferred notes. Senior non-preferred 
notes are direct, unconditional, senior, and unsecured (chirographaires/chirografair) 
obligations. In the case of liquidation, they will rank senior to subordinated notes but junior to 
both ordinary senior preferred notes and to claims benefiting from legal or statutory preferences. 
Furthermore, senior non-preferred notes must have the following characteristics: they may not 
contain embedded derivatives or be derivatives themselves (it being understood that floating rate 
debt instruments which are derived from a commonly used reference rate and debt instruments 
which are not denominated in the national currency of the issuer, provided that principal, 
repayment and interest are denominated in the same currency, may not solely on the basis of 
these characteristics be considered as debt instruments containing embedded derivatives); their 
maturity may not be less than one year; and their terms must expressly provide that the claim is 
unsecured (chirographaire/chirografair) and that their ranking is as set forth in Article 389/1, 
2° of the Banking Law. 
(c) 
The Savings Certificates rank as senior preferred notes and the payments of principal and interest 
relating to them are direct, unconditional and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank at all 
times pari passu, without any preference among themselves, with all other outstanding unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of Belfius Bank as referred under Article 389/1, 1° of the 
Banking Law (senior preferred obligations), present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, 
only to the extent permitted by laws relating to creditors’ rights. Senior preferred obligations 
have a higher priority ranking than the so-called non-preferred obligations that are defined under 
Article 389/1, 2° of the Banking Law. 
7.6.2 
Deposit protection, bail-in and special priority lien in accordance with article 389 § 2 of the 
Banking Law 
(a) 
The Savings Certificates benefit from a protection under the Belgian deposit protection scheme 
granted by the Belgian Guarantee Fund (Garantiefonds/Fonds de Garantie), subject to a 
limitation of EUR 100,000 (it being understood that this limitation applies to all deposits, 
including Savings Certificates, with a financial institution, held by a depositor). It should be 
noted that the deposit protection for Saving Certificates only applies in respect of the Savings 
Certificates in dematerialised form, to the extent that these Savings Certificates in dematerialised 
form are held on a securities account in the name of an account holder eligible for deposit 
protection in accordance with the conditions of the Belgian deposit protection scheme. 
(b) 
For amounts not protected by the deposit protection scheme, the Bail-In Power (as set out under 
Condition 7.3.3 and in accordance with applicable legislation) shall apply. 
(c) 
In accordance with and subject to the conditions set out therein Article 389 § 2 of the Banking 
Law, “eligible deposits” held by individuals (physical persons) and small and medium 
enterprises  including Savings Certificates benefit from a special priority lien on all assets of the

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Issuer for the amounts in excess of the amount covered by the deposit protection scheme (such 
lien ranking after the lien for the benefit of the Belgian Guarantee Fund for claims in the amounts 
covered by the deposit protection scheme). 
7.6.3 
Waiver of set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no holder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, netting, compensation, 
netting or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with 
the Savings Certificates and each holder shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of a  
Savings Certificate, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, netting, compensation or 
retention. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any amounts owing to any holder by the relevant 
Issuer is discharged by set-off, netting, compensation or retention, such holder shall, unless payment is 
prohibited by law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the relevant 
Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or administration, the liquidator or administrator, as appropriate, 
of the relevant Issuer for the payment to creditors of the relevant Issuer in respect of amounts owing to 
them by the relevant Issuer and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
7.7. 
Rights attached to the Savings Certificates 
The Savings Certificates give right to: 
(a) 
the payment of interest (either paid on a periodical basis or capitalized); 
(b) 
the repayment of the capital on the Maturity Date. 
7.8. 
Interest Rate and interest payment dates 
(a) 
The rate of interest (the “Interest Rate”) will be as set out in the relevant Final Terms with 
respect to the relevant Category of Savings Certificates. 
(b) 
The interest can be paid as follows: 
(i) 
on a periodic basis (annually, or with another frequency), as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms with respect to the relevant Category of Savings Certificates;  
(ii) 
capitalized and paid out at Maturity Date of the relevant Savings Certificates, as set out 
in the relevant Final Terms with respect to the relevant Category of Savings 
Certificates; 
(iii) 
on a “step-up” basis (progressive increase of the Interest Rate), as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms with respect to the relevant Category of Savings Certificates. 
(c) 
Interest payment date: as applicable, the interest will be paid respectively on the 1st or 16th of 
each relevant month (1st of the month for Savings Certificates issued on the 1st of the month, 
and 16th of the month for Savings Certificates issued on the 16th of the month). The payment 
of the interest by the Issuer may take place earlier so that the value date falls in any case on the 
1st or the 16th. 
(d) 
Interest will accrue from the Issue Date (including) until the Maturity Date (not inclusive). 
7.9. 
Maturity Date 
(a) 
The maturity date (“Maturity Date”) of each Savings Certificate is as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms in respect of the relevant Category of Savings Certificate.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(b) 
The Savings Certificates shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date. The Savings Certificates are 
repaid at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount. The Savings Certificates are repaid in euro on 
the cash account linked to the securities account of the holder at the Issuer.  
(c) 
No early repayment of the Savings Certificates can be requested by the holders or be made by 
the Issuer. 
7.10. Yield and method of calculation  
The gross actuarial yield is the Interest Rate “i” (determined based on a numerical procedure) that must 
be utilised in order to ensure that the sum of the discounted future Cash-Flows consisting of capital and 
gross interest payments (or the discounted Cash Flow after t years = CFt / (1+i) t) is equal to the issue 
price if calculated at the value date (issue date). The yield for each Category of Savings Certificates is set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
7.11. Events of Default 
If and only if any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each an “Events of Default”), any 
holder may by written notice to the Issuer at its specified office declare his Savings Certificate 
immediately due and payable (unless, such Event of Default shall have been remedied prior to the receipt 
of such notice): 
(a) 
if default is made by the Issuer for a period of 30 calendar days or more in the payment of interest 
on the Savings Certificates when and as the same shall become due and payable; or 
(b) 
in the event of default by the Issuer in the due performance of any other obligation under the 
terms and conditions of the Savings Certificates, unless remedied within 45 days after receipt of 
a written notice thereof given by any holder; or 
(c) 
in the event of a merger, consolidation or other reorganisation of the Issuer with, or a sale or 
other transfer by the Issuer of all or a substantial part of its assets to, any other incorporated or 
unincorporated person or legal entity, unless, in each case not involving or arising out of 
insolvency, the person or entity surviving such merger, consolidation or other reorganisation or 
to which such assets shall have been sold or transferred shall have assumed expressly and 
effectively or by law all obligations of the Issuer, with respect to the Savings Certificates and, 
the interests of the holders of Savings Certificates are not materially prejudiced thereby; or 
(d) 
in the event that the Issuer is adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent, or admits in writing its inability 
to pay its debts as they mature, or makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or enters 
into a composition with its creditors, or applies for a moratorium, or institutes or has instituted 
any proceedings under any applicable bankruptcy law, insolvency law, composition law or any 
law governing the appointment of a receiver, administrator, trustee or other similar official for 
the whole or any substantial part of its assets or property or any other similar law, or in the event 
that any such proceedings are instituted against the Issuer and remain undismissed for a period 
of 30 days. 
7.12. Representation of the holders of the Savings Certificates 
There is no representation of the holders of the Savings Certificates in the connection with the offer of 
Savings Certificates. 
7.13. Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any Savings Certificate shall be prescribed in 
accordance with Article 2262 and following of the old Belgian Civil Code (oud Burgerlijk 
Wetboek/ancien Code Civil) of 21 March 1804 and become void unless made within five years from the

--- Page 87 ---
87 
date on which such payment first becomes due (in respect of interest) and within ten years from the date 
on which such payment become due (in respect of capital). 
7.14. No Hardship 
The Issuer hereby acknowledges that the provisions of Article 5.74 of the Belgian Civil Code shall not 
apply with respect to its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and that it shall not be entitled to 
make any claim under Article 5.74 of the Belgian Civil Code. 
7.15. Notices to holders 
The Savings Certificates being held in a securities account, all notices to the holders shall be validly given 
by a direct notification from Belfius Bank to the holders, as the Issuer in his discretionary opinion shall 
deem necessary to give fair and reasonable notice to the holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date immediately following the date of notification from the Issuer. 
7.16. Authorization regarding the issue of the Savings Certificates 
The issue of the Savings Certificates has been authorized by a decision of the management committee 
(comité de direction/directiecomité) of 8 November 2023. 
7.17. The issue date 
The issue date (the “Issue Date”) in respect of each Category of Savings Certificate shall be the date as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms with respect to that Category of Savings Certificates.  
7.18. Substitution 
(a) 
In case of dissolution, liquidation, reconstruction, merger, amalgamation or any other kind of 
legal reorganisation, the Issuer may, without any further consent or cooperation from the holders 
of the Savings Certificates, at any time, procure that any affiliated or associated corporation of 
the Issuer is substituted for the Issuer as the debtor under the Terms and Conditions to be offered 
by assigning all its rights and obligations to such other corporation (the “Substituted Issuer”), 
whether by way of transfer of contract (on the basis of Article 5.193 of the Belgian Civil Code) 
or novation (on the basis of Article 5.245 and following of the Belgian Civil Code). The 
Substituted Issuer must have a long-term debt rating of at least the same level as the one of the 
relevant Issuer at the time of substitution, if any, and provided that: 
(i) 
no payment of any principal amount or of interest on any Savings Certificate is overdue 
and no other circumstances exist capable of causing the acceleration or redemption of 
the Savings Certificates; and 
(ii) 
the Substituted Issuer shall agree to indemnify the holders of each Savings Certificate 
against all tax, duty, fee or governmental charge which is imposed on such holder by 
the jurisdiction of the country of the Substituted Issuer’s residence for tax purposes and, 
if different, of its incorporation or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof 
or therein with respect to such Savings Certificate and which would not have been so 
imposed had such substitution not been made; and any costs or expenses incurred in 
connection with any such substitution; and 
(iii) 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees that the Substituted 
Issuer shall pay all amounts of principal amounts of and interest on the Savings 
Certificates when due. In the event of substitution, this guarantee ceasing to be the valid 
and binding obligation of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with 
its terms, shall constitute an Event of Default.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
(b) 
In the event of substitution all references in these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall from 
then on be deemed to refer to the Substituted Issuer. 
(c) 
The Substituted Issuer obtains all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and 
consents. 
(d) 
Any potential compensation due by the Issuer shall be limited to the net incremental tax cost 
borne by the investor. For example, if a withholding tax would become due further to the 
Substitution, but this withholding tax comes in lieu of a taxation (at the same tax rate) otherwise 
due further to an obligation to report (part of) the income in the personal income tax return, then 
no additional compensation is due (on this part). Similarly, no compensation is due if i) the 
investor is entitled to a tax credit for this withholding tax through the tax return or ii) for the part 
of the withholding tax for which the investor is entitled to claim a reduction based on the 
applicable income tax treaty. 
(e) 
Notice of any substitution shall be given to the holders of Savings Certificates in accordance 
with Condition 7.15 (Notices).

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Form of Final Terms 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Category of Savings 
Certificates issued under the Programme. 
Final terms dated [●] 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Issue of [Title of the Category of Savings Certificates] 
under the 
Belfius Bank SA 
Savings Certificate Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall have the same meaning as defined for such purposes in the Terms and 
Conditions set forth in this Base Prospectus dated 6 December 2023, which constitutes a base prospectus 
for purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the category of Savings Certificates 
described herein for purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto. Full information on the Issuer 
and the offer of the Savings Certificates is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for inspection at the office of the Issuer 
and the website www.belfius.be. A summary of the offer of the relevant category of Savings Certificates 
is provided in annex to the Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus will be valid until the date of approval by the FSMA of the updated base prospectus 
that will replace and supersede it, no later than 6 December 2024 inclusive. The updated base prospectus 
will be available for inspection at the office of the Issuer and the website www.belfius.be. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance of completing the Final Terms]. 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration should 
be given as to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently 
trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
Category 
of 
Savings 
Certificates 
and ISIN Code  
Issue Date 
Maturit
y Date 
Rate of Interest 
Frequency 
of 
Interest Accrual 
Type 
of 
Savings 
Certificates 
with 
respect to interest 
distribution 
/ 
capitalization 
Frequency 
of 
interest payment 
Frequency 
of interest 
capitalizati
on 
Indication 
of Yield 
[Include 
the 
identification of 
each Category 
of 
Savings 
Certificates 
(name 
in 
function of the 
term 
of 
the 
Savings 
Certificates (e.g. 
1 year, 2 year 
etc.) 
and 
whether 
it 
is 
[Issue Date] 
[Specify 
Maturity 
Date] 
[●] per cent. per 
annum 
[If 
the 
Savings 
Certificates 
with 
interest payments 
on a “step up” 
basis, specify the 
additional rates of 
interest that will 
apply 
and 
the 
periods for which 
these 
rates 
of 
[Specify frequency 
of interest accrual 
(e.g. 
monthly/yearly)] 
[Specify 
whether 
interest distribution / 
interest capitalization 
applies] 
[The 
Savings 
Certificates 
are 
Saving 
Certificates 
with 
interest 
distribution 
and 
interest will be paid 
[specify frequency of 
interest payment] on 
the principal amount 
of 
each 
Savings 
Certificate.] 
[The 
Savings 
Certificates 
are 
Savings Certificates 
[Not 
applicable] 
[Applicable
. 
The 
Savings 
Certificates 
are Savings 
Certificates 
with 
interest 
capitalizati
on and the 
interest will 
be 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum.*

--- Page 90 ---
90 
distributing 
or 
capitalizing] 
interest 
will 
apply.] 
with 
interest 
capitalization 
and 
hence the accrued 
interest will be paid 
on 
the 
Maturity 
Date.]     
capitalized 
[specify 
frequency 
of 
the 
interest 
capitalizati
on]. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 * The yield is calculated based on the basis of (i) issue price of the Savings Certificates, (ii) the rate of interest applicable from 
and including the Issue Date until and excluding the Maturity Date and (iii) the final redemption amount (equal to the principal 
amount of the Savings Certificate). It is not an indication of future yield. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: ……………………………… 
Duly Authorized

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
OFFER 
(Annex 14.5 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980)  
General considerations 
The offer of the Savings Certificates is an offer in the context of a continuous offer and is hence unlimited in time, 
it being understood that no offers of Savings Certificates shall be made under this Base Prospectus after 6 
December 2024, unless an exemption from the requirement to draw up a prospectus applies in accordance with 
the Base Prospectus Law.  
The minimum investment in a Savings Certificate is EUR 250. An investor can at each moment in time (as long 
as the offer is open) subscribe to an amount freely chosen by the investor, as long as this amount is higher than the 
minimum investment referred to above and it being understood that the amounts will round amounts in euro, 
without divisions of euro (eurocents or lower). 
The Savings Certificates are offered to all interested investors via the Issuer. 
The cash account of the investor will be debited on the date of the subscription (even if this date precedes the Issue 
Date as set out in the Final Terms for the Category of Savings Certificates subscribed to).  The Savings Certificates 
will be transferred on the securities accounts of the investor. Depending on the subscription method the investor 
chooses, the value date of the debit of the investor’s cash account can be the Issue date (only if the subscription 
takes place via the branch network of Belfius Bank) or can be the same as the date of subscription (optional in case 
the subscription takes place via the branch network of Belfius Bank or mandatory if the subscription takes place 
via the digital channels). In the latter case, the investor will receive an interim interest for the period starting from 
the date of the subscription up to the day preceding the Issue Date. This interim interest will be deducted from the 
amount debited from the investor’s account on the subscription date. The rate of the Saving Certificates and that 
of the interim interest are identical.  The delivery is without costs for the investor.  
If Savings Certificates are deposited in a securities account with the Issuer, the Issuer will not charge any fees for 
this service, nor for the opening of such securities account. If an investor chooses to deposit his or her Savings 
Certificates with another financial institution, he or she must inquire the fees charged by this institution. 
Suspension/termination, withdrawal and revocation of the offer 
The Issuer reserves itself the right to withdraw or suspend the offer of the Savings Certificates. 
Plan for the marketing of the Savings Certificates 
The Issuer will ensure the financial service with respect to the Savings Certificates. 
Determination of the issue price and subscription price of the Savings Certificates 
The Savings Certificates are issued at par. The nominal interest will be determined by the Issuer for the entire 
duration of the Savings Certificates. The applicable interest rates and the available maturities for the Savings 
Certificates are as set out in the relevant Final Terms published by the Issuer on its website on [●]. 
Overview of costs to be borne by the investors 
Currently no costs are to be borne by the investors in relation to the subscription to the Savings Certificates. 
Selling restrictions and related considerations

--- Page 92 ---
92 
As described in this section, the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Savings Certificates 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are 
required by the Issuer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The Savings Certificates 
have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold directly or indirectly and this Base Prospectus has not 
been distributed and will not be distributed, except in such circumstances that will result in compliance with all 
applicable laws and regulations. 
There are no restrictions to the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Savings Certificates 
in Belgium. 
The Savings Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”), or any U.S. state securities laws and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and, except 
in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and 
applicable U.S. state securities laws, the Savings Certificates may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States of America, including its territories and possessions, or to U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Savings Certificates have not been offered, sold or delivered and will not be offered, sold or delivered, as part 
of their distribution at any time, or otherwise until 40 days after the commencement of the offering within the 
United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons and a dealer to which the Savings Certificates 
are sold during the restricted period will receive a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Savings Certificates within the U.S. or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of the Savings Certificates within the U.S. 
by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements imposed by 
the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  
Any document connected with the issue of the Savings Certificates has only been issued or passed on and will 
only be issued and passed on in the United Kingdom to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or otherwise in circumstances which have not resulted and will not 
result in an offer to the public in the United Kingdom. 
Any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “UK FSMA”)) in connection with the issue or sale of any Savings Certificates, 
has only been communicated or caused to be communicated and will only be communicated or caused to be 
communicated in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the UK FSMA does not apply to the Issuer and all 
applicable provisions of the UK FSMA with respect to anything done in relation to such Savings Certificates in, 
from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom have been complied with and will be complied with.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
9. ADMISSION TO TRADING AND 
DEALING ARRANGEMENTS 
(Annex 14.6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980)  
The Savings Certificates will not be the subject of an application for admission to trading on a regulated or non-
regulated market, nor have any Savings Certificates previously issued under the Base Prospectus ever been the 
subject of an application for admission to trading on a regulated market or equivalent market. 
In case of sale of the Savings Certificates before maturity, the sale proceeds can be lower than the invested amount.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
10. USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of Savings Certificates, i.e., the principal amount less any expenses and fees, will be used for 
general corporate purposes of Belfius Bank.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
11. THIRD PARTY INFORMATION, 
EXPERT 
STATEMENTS 
AND 
DECLARATIONS 
(Annex 6.14 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980)  
There has not been any statement or report attributed to a person as an expert which is included in this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
12. DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
(Annex 6.14 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980)  
Copies of (i) the annual reports dated 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 for the Issuer and of all subsequent 
annual reports to be published and (ii) copies of the articles of association of the Issuer are available free of charge 
at the office of Belfius Bank and will be available during the entire lifetime of the Savings Certificates. 
Additionally, the annual reports of Belfius Bank are available on its website https://www.belfius.be/about-
us/en/investors/results-reports/reports. The information on this website does not form part of, and is not 
incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA, except 
for information that is incorporated by reference in accordance with Section 5 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Annex 1: Articles of Association 
Belfius Bank 
Copies of the articles of Association (in English, French and Dutch) of Belfius Bank may be obtained without 
charge from the offices of Belfius Bank and are also available on the website of Belfius Bank 
(https://www.belfius.be) 
in 
the 
Company 
profile, 
section 
“Corporate 
governance” 
(link 
https://www.belfius.be/about-us/en/corporate-governance/governance/articles-of-association). The information 
on this website does not form part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA, except for information that is incorporated by reference in accordance 
with Section 5 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 98 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Place Charles Rogier 11 
B-1210 Brussels 
Belgium
 
 
AUDITORS 
To Belfius Bank SA/NV 
KPMG Réviseurs d’Entreprises SCRL 
Gateway building, Luchthaven Nationaal 1 K 
1930 Zaventem 
Belgium 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISOR 
White & Case LLP 
62 Rue de la loi  
1050 Brussels 
Belgium