--- Page 1 ---
A54250866
BELFIUS BANK SA/NV
(incorporated with limited liability in Belgium)
Euro 15,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under the EUR 15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (which expression shall include this 
base prospectus as amended and/or supplemented from time to time and all documents incorporated by reference herein, the “Base Prospectus”), Belfius 
Bank SA/NV (“Belfius Bank” or the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium 
Term Notes that rank as senior obligations of the Issuer (the “Senior Notes”) and Euro Medium Term Notes that rank as subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(the “Subordinated Notes” and together with the Senior Notes, the “Notes”). The Senior Notes may be either senior preferred notes (the “Senior Preferred 
Notes”) or senior non-preferred notes (the “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”). It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes 
shall, for supervisory purposes, be treated as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments (as defined below).
The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed EUR 15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies).
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) on 2 May 2024 by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation and the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières), as amended (the 
“Luxembourg Prospectus Law”). It contains information relating to the issue by the Issuer of Notes and must be read in conjunction with the documents 
incorporated by reference herein. The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus. In accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, the CSSF does not make any representation as to the economic or 
financial opportunity of the Notes nor as to the quality and solvency of the Issuer. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
any Notes. The Issuer has requested the CSSF to notify the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en 
Markten/Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers) of the approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation.
The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved the information contained in this Base Prospectus in relation to any issuance of any Notes that are not to be listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Market”) and 
for which a prospectus is not required in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for a period of one year from its date of approval, being until 2 May 2025. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
In relation to any Notes, this Base Prospectus must be read as a whole and together with the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). Any Notes issued under 
the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described or incorporated by reference herein. The issue price and 
amount of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche of Notes (as defined in “Overview of the Programme”) based on the 
then prevailing market conditions.
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme for the period of twelve months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Market. References in this Base Prospectus to 
Notes being “listed” (and all related references), except where the context otherwise requires, shall mean that such Notes have been listed and admitted to trading 
on the Market. The Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC 
and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast), as amended. No certainty can be given that the application for the listing of any Notes will be granted. Furthermore, admission 
of the Notes to the official list and trading on the Market is not an indication of the merits of the Issuer or the Notes. The Issuer may also issue Notes which are 
not listed or request the listing of Notes on any other stock exchange or market. The applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify 
whether or not such Notes will be listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the Market (or on any other stock exchange or market).
The Notes issued will be in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations Code and will be represented by a book-entry in the 
records of the clearing system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”). 
The Programme has been rated A in respect of Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of one year or more, A-1 in respect of Senior Preferred Notes with a 
maturity of less than one year, BBB+ in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and BBB in respect of the Subordinated Notes by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”) and A1 in respect of Senior Preferred Notes with a maturity of one year or more, Prime-1 in respect of Senior Preferred Notes 
with a maturity of less than one year, Baa1 in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Baa2 in respect of the Subordinated Notes by Moody’s France SAS 
(“Moody’s”). Each of Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and is included in the updated list of credit rating agencies registered 
in accordance with Regulation (EC) No.1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) published on the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (“ESMA”)’s website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/) (on or about the date of this Base Prospectus). Tranches of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the Programme. 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and the applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States.
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers”
(consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Code de droit économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as 
amended.
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in the Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus 
does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes.
Arranger
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking
Dealers
Barclays
Belfius Bank
BNP PARIBAS
BofA Securities
Citigroup
Commerzbank
Crédit Agricole CIB
J.P. Morgan
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg
Morgan Stanley
Natixis
NatWest Markets
Nomura
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking
UBS Investment Bank
Unicredit
Base Prospectus dated 2 May 2024

--- Page 2 ---
Important information
2
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
GENERAL
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer to the public of Notes in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area and/or in the United Kingdom (each, a “Relevant State”) will be made pursuant to an 
exemption under the Prospectus Regulation and the UK Prospectus Regulation, as applicable, from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus for an offer to the public of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an 
offer to the public in that Relevant State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms (“Final Terms”) in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for Belfius Bank, the Arranger or any Dealer (each as defined in 
“Overview of the Programme”) to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or pursuant 
to the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
pursuant to the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case in relation to such offer. Neither Belfius Bank, the Arranger
nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer to the public of Notes in circumstances 
in which such an obligation arises for Belfius Bank, the Arranger or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus 
for such offer. The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. The 
expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of the United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”). This Base Prospectus has 
been prepared on the basis of Annexes 7 and 15 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended.
The CSSF is not competent under the UK Prospectus Regulation.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any 
amendments or supplements hereto and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, should be read and construed together 
with the applicable Final Terms. Unless expressly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on websites mentioned herein does not form part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.
Belfius Bank accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of Belfius Bank, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Arranger nor the Dealers accept any responsibility for the contents 
of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on 
its behalf in connection with Belfius Bank or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer 
accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) 
which they might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should not be considered as a recommendation by any of Belfius Bank, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of 
Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Arranger or the Dealers undertakes 
to review the financial condition or affairs of Belfius Bank during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Arranger or the Dealers. Investors should review, amongst other things, the most recent 
financial statements of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. Neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers owe any fiduciary duties to any person in connection with this Base Prospectus. No responsibility is accepted 
by the Arranger or the Dealers or any of their respective directors, affiliates, advisers or agents for any act or omission

--- Page 3 ---
Important information
3
of the Issuer or any other person (other than the relevant Arranger or Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering 
of the Notes.
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by Belfius Bank or any of the Arranger or the 
Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of Belfius Bank since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that there 
has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, 
the date indicated in the document containing the same. If at any time during the life of the Programme the Issuer
shall be required to prepare a supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare 
and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus.
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which would 
otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified 
denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes).
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference certain statements that constitute forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, without limitation, statements relating to the Issuer’s 
business strategies, trends in its business, competition and competitive advantage, regulatory changes, and 
restructuring plans. Words such as believes, expects, projects, anticipates, seeks, estimates, intends, plans or similar 
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such 
statements. The Issuer does not intend to update these forward-looking statements except as may be required by 
applicable securities laws. By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, 
both general and specific, and risks exist that predictions, forecasts, projections and other outcomes described or 
implied in forward-looking statements will not be achieved. A number of important factors could cause actual results, 
performance or achievements to differ materially from the plans, objectives, expectations, estimates and intentions 
expressed in such forward-looking statements. These factors include: (i) the ability to maintain sufficient liquidity 
and access to capital markets; (ii) market and interest rate fluctuations; (iii) the strength of the global economy in 
general and the strength of the economies of the countries in which the Issuer conducts operations; (iv) the potential 
impact of sovereign risk, particularly in certain European Union countries which have in the past come under market 
pressure; (v) adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies; (vi) the ability of counterparties to meet their 
obligations to the Issuer; (vii) the effects of, and changes in, fiscal, monetary, trade and tax policies, and currency 
fluctuations; (viii) the possibility of the imposition of foreign exchange controls by government and monetary 
authorities; (ix) operational factors, such as systems failure, human error, or the failure to implement procedures 
properly; (x) actions taken by regulators with respect to the Issuer’s business and practices in one or more of the 
countries in which the Issuer conducts operations; (xi) the adverse resolution of litigation and other contingencies; 
(xii) the impact of events such as, or similar to, the Covid-19 pandemic and the conflict in Ukraine and (xiii) the 
Issuer’s success at managing the risks involved in the foregoing. 
The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive. When evaluating forward-looking statements, investors 
should carefully consider the foregoing factors and other uncertainties and events, as well as the other risks identified 
in this Base Prospectus.
This Base Prospectus contains various amounts and percentages which have been rounded and, as a result, when 
those amounts and percentages are added up, they may not total.

--- Page 4 ---
Important information
4
Any information in this Base Prospectus sourced from a third party has been accurately reproduced and as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted 
that would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is 
identified where used.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
THE OFFER OF THE NOTES GENERALLY
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Neither the Issuer nor the Arranger or the Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that the Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility 
for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or 
the Dealers which is intended to permit an offer to the public of the Notes or the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations.
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or the Notes may come are required by the Issuer, the Arranger 
and the Dealers to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of the Notes. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes 
and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”.
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and the applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of 
the United States.
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR ANY OTHER U.S. OR 
STATE REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAVE ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES APPROVED 
OR DISAPPROVED THIS BASE PROSPECTUS OR CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE.
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of an investment in the Notes. In particular, each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own 
or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it:
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks 
of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or any applicable supplement;
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio;
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;

--- Page 5 ---
Important information
5
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant financial 
markets; and
(v)
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest 
rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor 
should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, 
(ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.
This Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the issue of Notes constitutes an offer 
of, or an invitation by or on behalf of Belfius Bank, the Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any 
Notes. Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole and 
the applicable Final Terms by the investors.
The Notes where the Reference Rate (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) is SONIA, SOFR or €STR
may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, Eligible Investors referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal 
Decree of 26 May 1994 holding their Notes in an exempt securities accounts that has been opened with a financial 
institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the Securities Settlement System operated by the National Bank 
of Belgium.
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the “FSMA2000”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA2000 to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers”

--- Page 6 ---
Important information
6
(consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Code de droit 
économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as amended.
Notice to Canadian Investors – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, 
as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-
103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be 
made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of 
applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser 
with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the 
time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer 
to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor. If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued 
or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 
Underwriting Conflicts (“NI 33-105”), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of 
NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.
Singapore SFA Product Classification – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 
of Singapore (as amended, the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all 
Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a legend 
entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment. A distributor 
subject to MiFID II is, however, responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules.
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the 
target market assessment. A distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is, however, responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
Benchmarks Regulation – Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference 
to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of

--- Page 7 ---
Important information
7
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does 
constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by 
an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to 
appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). The status of any administrator under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not 
intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the status of the administrator.
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR or SOFR, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or such other benchmark as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is
included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the Bank of England (as administrator of SONIA), the European Central Bank (as administrator 
of €STR) and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator of SOFR) do not appear in ESMA’s register 
of administrators under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA, €STR and SOFR do 
not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.
NOTES ISSUED AS GREEN BONDS
None of the Issuer, the Arranger nor the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental or 
sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or assurance 
whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green”, “sustainability” or 
similar labels. None of the Arranger nor the Dealers are responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as 
Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds.
No representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of 
any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green 
Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes.
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green”, 
“sustainability” or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation 
or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission will 
be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.
Any information on, or accessible through, the Issuer’s website relating to the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework (as defined in “Use of Proceeds”) and the information in the Green Bond Framework and any 
second party opinion is not part of, nor is it incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus and should not 
be relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to the Notes. In addition, no 
assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party 
in connection with the offering of the Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other document 
related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated by reference in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such opinion is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion for the purpose of any investment in the Notes.

--- Page 8 ---
Important information
8
STABILISATION
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the 
offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) 
acting on behalf of any Stabilising Managers) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
CURRENCIES
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “U.S.$” are to the 
lawful currency of the United States, to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” are to the lawful currency of the Member States of 
the European Union that have adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Union, as amended, and to “£” are to Sterling, the lawful currency of the United Kingdom.

--- Page 9 ---
Table of contents
9
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
IMPORTANT INFORMATION..................................................................................................................................2
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME.....................................................................................................................10
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................................21
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.............................................................................................56
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT................................................................................................................................59
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................................60
CLEARING.............................................................................................................................................................119
USE OF PROCEEDS..............................................................................................................................................120
GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK.............................................................................................................................121
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER..........................................................................................................................125
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................154
TAXATION ON THE NOTES................................................................................................................................159
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................................168
FORM OF FINAL TERMS.....................................................................................................................................174
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................................197

--- Page 10 ---
Overview of the Programme
10
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended.
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of, this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and, in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions 
defined or used in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same meaning in this overview.
Information relating to the Issuer
Issuer
Belfius Bank SA/NV (“Belfius Bank” and the “Issuer”).
Belfius Bank is a limited liability company incorporated under 
Belgian law for an unlimited duration and registered with the 
Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under business identification 
number 0403.201.185. Its registered office is at Place Charles 
Rogier 11, 1210 Brussels, Belgium, telephone +32 22 22 11 11.
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): A5GWLFH3KM7YV2SFQL84.
Website of the Issuer
www.belfius.be
The information on this website does not form part of, and is not 
incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus, except where 
that information has been expressly incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus.
Information relating to the Programme
Size
EUR 15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time.
Arranger
Société Générale
Dealers
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
Belfius Bank SA/NV
BNP Paribas
BofA Securities Europe SA
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
J.P. Morgan SE
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg
Morgan Stanley Europe SE
Natixis
NatWest Markets N.V.
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH
Nomura International plc
Société Générale
UBS AG London Branch 
UniCredit Bank GmbH

--- Page 11 ---
Overview of the Programme
11
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional Dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme.
Fiscal Agent
Belfius Bank, or any other entity appointed from time to time by the 
Issuer as the Fiscal Agent pursuant to the terms of the Agency 
Agreement either in respect of the Programme, generally, or in 
respect of a particular issuance of Notes, in which case a different 
Fiscal Agent may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Paying Agent
Belfius Bank, or any other entity appointed from time to time by the 
Issuer as the Paying Agent or an additional Paying Agent pursuant to 
the terms of the Agency Agreement, either in respect of the 
Programme, generally, or in respect of a particular issuance of Notes, 
in which case a different Paying Agent may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
Listing Agent
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA, or any other entity 
appointed from time to time by the Issuer as a Listing Agent, either 
in respect of the Programme, generally, or in respect of a particular 
issuance of Notes, in which case a different Listing Agent may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Agency Agreement
The agency agreement between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
Paying Agent dated 2 May 2024.
Method of Issue
Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more 
issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than 
in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each, a “Tranche”) 
on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each 
Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the 
relevant terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price, first payment of interest and principal amount of the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same 
Series) will be set out in the Final Terms.
Issue Price
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their principal amount. The Issue Price of Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Form of Notes
Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the 
Belgian Companies and Associations Code via the book-entry 
system maintained in the records of the National Bank of Belgium 
as operator of the Securities Settlement System. 
Clearing Systems
The settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium or 
any successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”).
Access to the Securities Settlement System is available through those 
of the participants in the Securities Settlement System whose 
membership extends to securities such as the Notes. Participants in

--- Page 12 ---
Overview of the Programme
12
the Securities Settlement System include certain banks, stockbrokers 
(beursvennootschappen/sociétés de bourse), Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”), Clearstream Banking Frankfurt (“Clearstream”), 
SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”), Monte Titoli S.p.A. (“Euronext 
Securities Milan”), Interbolsa S.A. (“Euronext Securities Porto”), 
Euroclear France SA (“Euroclear France”) and LuxCSD S.A. 
(“LuxCSD”). Accordingly, the Notes will be eligible to clear 
through, and therefore accepted by, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear 
France and LuxCSD and investors can hold their interests in the 
Notes within securities accounts in Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear 
France, LuxCSD and any other Securities Settlement System 
participants.
Initial Delivery of Notes
Notes will be credited to the accounts held with the Securities 
Settlement System by Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France,
LuxCSD or any other Securities Settlement System participants.
Currencies
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives (including the rules of the Securities Settlement System), 
Notes may be issued in any currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealers.
Maturities
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, any maturity from one month from the date of original 
issue. Notes may be issued which have no specified maturity.
Unless otherwise permitted, Subordinated Notes constituting Tier 2 
capital will have a minimum maturity of five years.
Under the Luxembourg Prospectus Law, prospectuses relating to 
money market instruments having a maturity on issue of less than 
twelve months and complying also with the definition of securities 
are not subject to the approval provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Part II of the Luxembourg Prospectus Law.
Denomination
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, save that (i) in the case of any Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”) or offered to the public in an 
EEA Member State in circumstances which would otherwise require 
the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be EUR 100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes) 
and (ii) unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and 
regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which 
have a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue and in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom or whose issue would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (“FSMA 2000”) will have a minimum denomination of

--- Page 13 ---
Overview of the Programme
13
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).
Fixed Rate Notes
Fixed Rate Notes will bear interest at a fixed rate payable in arrear 
on the date or dates in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
If an indication of yield is included in the applicable Final Terms, the 
yield of each Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes will be calculated on the 
basis of the relevant issue price at the relevant issue date. It is not an 
indication of future yield.
Resettable Notes
Interest will be payable in arrear on the dates specified in the Final 
Terms at the initial rate specified in the Final Terms, and thereafter 
the rate may be reset with respect to a specified time period by 
reference to the prevailing Mid-Swap Rate. The rate of interest may 
be reset on more than one occasion. 
Step-Up Notes
Fixed Rate Notes may also be issued as Step-Up Notes, in which 
case the fixed interest payable on the Notes will increase in respect 
of each successive date on which interest is to be paid, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series 
as follows: 
(i)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions 
(as defined below), as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc.; or
(ii)
by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA, €STR or SOFR (or such 
other benchmark as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) as adjusted for any applicable margin as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Periods will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
CMS-Linked Interest Notes
CMS-Linked Interest Notes will bear interest set separately for each 
Series by reference to a Constant Maturity Swap Rate, or the spread 
between two such rates, as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as adjusted for any applicable margin and/or leverage as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Interest Periods will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Maximum or Minimum Rates of 
Interest
Floating Rate Notes, CMS-Linked Interest Notes and Range Accrual 
Notes may specify a Maximum Rate of Interest or a Minimum Rate 
of Interest, or both, as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
If a Maximum Rate of Interest is specified, then the interest payable 
will in no case be higher than such rate and if a Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified, then the interest payable will in no case be lower 
than such rate. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes and 
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes
Notes may be issued under the Programme which bear a fixed rate 
of interest in respect of certain Interest Periods and a floating rate of 
interest in respect of other Interest Periods, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
Overview of the Programme
14
Range Accrual Notes
Range Accrual Notes will bear interest calculated by reference to the 
number of business days during the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
on which a reference rate is greater than or equal to a specified 
minimum rate of interest and/or lesser than or equal to a specified 
maximum rate of interest.
Zero Coupon Notes
Zero Coupon Notes will be issued at a price which is at a discount to 
their principal amount and will not bear interest.
Redemption
Notes will be redeemed either (i) at 100% per Calculation Amount 
or (ii) at an amount per Calculation Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that the amount so specified shall 
be at least 100% per Calculation Amount.
Optional Redemption
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed (either in whole or in part) 
prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer and if so, the 
terms applicable to such redemption shall be as set out in the Terms 
and Conditions of such Notes, in accordance with the elections made 
in the applicable Final Terms.
Early Redemption
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption” above, Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity for tax 
reasons. See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Condition 3(e)“. 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, Notes may be redeemed 
(i) in respect of Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Disqualification Event or of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
or (ii) in respect of Senior Notes, upon the occurrence of a 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event. 
Status of Notes
The Notes may be either senior notes (the “Senior Notes”) or 
subordinated notes (the “Subordinated Notes”) and the Senior 
Notes may be either senior preferred notes (the “Senior Preferred 
Notes”) or senior non-preferred notes (“Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes”), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
existing Senior Notes whose Final Terms do not specify whether they 
constitute Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are 
pari passu with the Senior Preferred Notes.
Senior Preferred Notes:
The Senior Preferred Notes will be direct, unconditional, senior and 
unsecured (chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer 
and rank at all times (i) pari passu, without any preference among 
themselves, and with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, which 
will fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations 
described in Article 389/1, 1° of the Belgian Banking Law, but, in 
the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by laws relating 
to creditors’ rights, (ii) senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations 
and any obligations ranking pari passu with or junior to Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations and (iii) junior to all present and future claims 
as may be preferred by laws of general application.

--- Page 15 ---
Overview of the Programme
15
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Preferred Notes shall 
be treated, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC-Eligible 
Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations. 
Where:
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or 
other instruments issued by the Issuer which fall or are expressed to 
fall within the category of obligations described in Article 389/1, 2° 
of the Belgian Banking Law, including Senior Non-Preferred Notes.
“Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations” means, at any time, the 
laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies then in effect 
in Belgium and applicable to the Issuer and giving effect to MREL. 
If there are separate laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies giving effect to MREL, then “Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations” means all such regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies.
“MREL” means the “minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities” under BRRD, as set in accordance with Article 45 
of BRRD (as transposed in Article 267/3 of the Belgian Banking 
Law) and Commission Delegated Regulation (C(2016)2976) of 23 
May 2016, or any successor requirement, and any other EU laws and 
regulations implemented in Belgian laws and regulations and/or as 
set out in policies and/or principles of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority as the case may be.
“MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instrument” means an instrument that is 
eligible to be counted towards the MREL of the Issuer in accordance 
with Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations.
Senior Non-Preferred Notes:
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law. The 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be direct, unconditional, senior and 
unsecured (chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer 
and rank at all times (i) pari passu, without any preference among 
themselves, with all other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, present 
and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent 
permitted by laws relating to creditors’ rights, (ii) senior to the 
Subordinated Notes and other present and future claims otherwise 
ranking junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and 
(iii) junior to the present and future claims of (a) any unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations and (b) all other present and future claims as 
may be preferred by laws of general application or otherwise ranking 
in priority to the Senior Non-Preferred Obligations.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank 
junior to any claims arising from excluded liabilities within the 
meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR (the “Excluded Liabilities”).
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective 
resolution is passed for the liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of 
the Issuer by reason of bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), the

--- Page 16 ---
Overview of the Programme
16
Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (including for any accrued but unpaid interest and 
any damages awarded for breach of any obligations under the Terms 
and Conditions) (i) only after, and subject to, payment in full of any 
holders of Senior Preferred Obligations (including the Excluded 
Liabilities and any claims for payment of principal or interest under 
the Senior Preferred Notes) and other present and future claims 
benefiting from statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in priority 
to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (ii) subject to such payment 
in full, in priority to holders of the Subordinated Notes and other 
present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations.
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
shall be treated, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC-Eligible 
Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations. 
Where: 
“Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations” means, at any time, the 
laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies then in effect 
in Belgium and applicable to the Issuer and giving effect to MREL. 
If there are separate laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies giving effect to MREL, then “Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations” means all such regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies. 
“MREL” means the “minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities” for banking institutions under BRRD, as set in 
accordance with Article 45 of BRRD (as transposed in Article 267/3 
of the Belgian Banking Law) and Commission Delegated Regulation 
(C(2016)2976) of 23 May 2016, or any successor requirement, and
any other EU laws and regulations implemented in Belgian laws and 
regulations and/or as set out in policies and/or principles of the 
Relevant Resolution Authority as the case may be. 
“MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instrument” means an instrument that is 
eligible to be counted towards the MREL of the Issuer in accordance 
with Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations. 
Subordinated Notes:
The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank 
pari passu and without any preference among themselves. In the 
event of dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer (including the 
following events creating a competition between creditors 
(“samenloop 
van 
schuldeisers/concours 
de 
créanciers”): 
bankruptcy 
(“faillissement/faillite”), 
judicial 
liquidation 
(“gerechtelijke vereffening/liquidation forcée”) or voluntary 
liquidation (“vrijwillige vereffening/liquidation volontaire”) (other 
than a voluntary liquidation in connection with a reconstruction, 
merger or amalgamation where the continuing corporation assumes 
all the liabilities of the Issuer)), the rights and claims of the holders 
of Subordinated Notes against the Issuer shall be for an amount equal

--- Page 17 ---
Overview of the Programme
17
to the principal amount of each Subordinated Note together with any 
amounts attributable to such Subordinated Notes (including any 
accrued but unpaid interest and any damages awarded for breach of 
any obligation under these Terms and Conditions) and shall rank, 
subject to any obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law 
(including, without limitation, national laws governing insolvency 
proceedings of the Issuer):
(a)
junior to the claims of all Senior Creditors of the Issuer and 
Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors of the Issuer;
(b)
pari passu without any preference among themselves and pari 
passu with the claims of holders of any other obligations or 
instruments of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, 
Tier 2 capital of the Issuer; and
(c)
senior and in priority to (1) the claims of holders of all classes 
of share or other equity capital (including preference shares (if 
any)) of the Issuer, (2) the claims of holders of all obligations 
or instruments of the Issuer which, upon issue, constitute or 
constituted Tier 1 capital of the Issuer and (3) the claims of 
holders of any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that 
rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes.
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall be 
treated, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC-Eligible 
Instruments under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations.
Where:
“Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors” means creditors of the 
Issuer whose claims are in respect of subordinated obligations which 
fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations 
described in Article 389/1, 3° of the Belgian Banking Law.
“Senior Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer whose claims are 
in respect of obligations which are unsubordinated or which 
otherwise rank, or are expressed to rank, senior to claims of 
Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors and senior to obligations which 
constitute Tier 2 capital of the Issuer (including the Subordinated 
Notes).
Waiver of set-off, netting, compensation and retention:
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any 
right of set-off, netting, compensation or retention in respect of any 
amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with 
the Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its subscription, 
purchase or holding of a Note, be deemed to have waived all such 
rights of set-off, netting, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding 
the preceding sentence, if any amounts owing to any holder of Notes 
by the Issuer is discharged by set-off, netting, compensation or 
retention, such Noteholder shall, unless payment is prohibited by 
law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such 
discharge to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or 
administration, the liquidator or administrator, as appropriate of the

--- Page 18 ---
Overview of the Programme
18
Issuer for the payment to creditors of the Issuer in respect of amounts 
owing to them by the Issuer and accordingly any such discharge shall 
be deemed not to have taken place.
Cross Default
None.
Negative Pledge
None.
Ratings
The following ratings have been assigned to Notes to be issued under 
the Programme:
The Programme has been rated A in respect of Senior Preferred 
Notes with a maturity of one year or more, A-1 in respect of Senior 
Preferred Notes with a maturity of less than one year, BBB+ in 
respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and BBB in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
(“Standard & Poor’s”) and A1 in respect of Senior Preferred Notes 
with a maturity of one year or more, Prime-1 in respect of Senior 
Preferred Notes with a maturity of less than one year, Baa1 in respect 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Baa2 in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”).
Each of Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s is established in the 
European Union and is included in the updated list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s 
(“ESMA”) website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/) (on or about the 
date of this Base Prospectus).
Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be 
rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings 
assigned to Notes already issued under the Programme. Whether or 
not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as 
having been issued (i) by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation will 
be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and/or (ii) by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the UK or certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation.
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Withholding Tax
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be 
made free and clear of withholding taxes of Belgium unless the 
withholding is required by law. In such event, the Issuer shall, subject 
to certain exceptions, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts of interest as would have 
been received by it had no such withholding been required, all as 
described in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Taxation” and 
“Taxation on the Notes”.
Governing Law
Belgian law.
Listing and Admission to Trading
Application has been made for Series of Notes, where specified in

--- Page 19 ---
Overview of the Programme
19
the applicable Final Terms, to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 
2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast), as amended.
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes will be traded 
only on a specific segment of the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange to which only qualified investors (as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access.
The Issuer may also issue Notes which are not listed or request the 
listing of Notes on any other stock exchange or market.
Approval
The CSSF, in its capacity as the competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation, has approved this Base Prospectus as a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval relates only to Notes (i) to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or (ii) to be 
listed and admitted to trading on a regulated market in another 
Member State for which the CSSF has notified the relevant 
competent authority of the approval of the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer 
has requested the CSSF to notify the Belgian Financial Services and 
Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en 
Markten/Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers) of the 
approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 25 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.
Selling Restrictions
United States, European Economic Area, United Kingdom, Belgium 
and Japan. 
The debt securities of Belfius Bank are eligible for Category 2 for 
the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act.
The Notes are not intended to be offered sold, or otherwise made 
available to, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, to EEA and UK retail investors.
The Notes are not intended to be offered sold, or otherwise made 
available to, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available, 
in 
Belgium, 
to 
“consumers”
(consommateurs/ 
consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law (Code de droit économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as 
amended.
See “Subscription and Sale”.
Use of Proceeds
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net 
proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of any particular issuance, there is a particular identified 
use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. In 
particular, the Issuer may provide in the applicable Final Terms that,

--- Page 20 ---
Overview of the Programme
20
in the case of “Green Bonds”, an amount equivalent to the net 
proceeds of the issue of the relevant Notes is intended to be applied 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, loans and 
investments realised by the Issuer to finance projects and/or assets 
(the “Eligible Green Assets”), as described in the applicable Final 
Terms and in the Issuer’s green bond framework (as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, the “Green Bond Framework”), 
such Notes being referred to as “Green Bonds”. See “Green Bond 
Framework”.
Investors should have regard to the factors described under the 
section headed “Risk Factors” in the Base Prospectus, in particular 
the risk factor entitled “Risks related to Notes which qualify as 
“Green Bonds” which have a particular use of proceeds identified in 
the applicable Final Terms”.

--- Page 21 ---
Risk factors
21
RISK FACTORS
An investment in the Notes involves a degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider the risks set 
forth below and the other information contained in this Base Prospectus (including information incorporated by 
reference herein) before making any investment decision in respect of the Notes. The risks described below are risks 
which the Issuer believes may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations, future prospects and the value of the Notes or the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. Additional risks and uncertainties, including those 
of which the Issuer is not currently aware or deems immaterial, may also potentially have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects or may result in other events that 
could cause investors to lose all or part of their investment.
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below.
In accordance with the requirements of the Prospectus Regulation, the most material risk factors within each 
category have been presented first according to an assessment made by the Issuer based on the probability of their 
occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact. The exact order in which the remaining risk factors 
are presented is not necessarily indicative of the probability of those risks actually occurring or of the scope of any 
potential negative impact thereof.
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal known risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which are not known to the Issuer or which the Issuer deems 
immaterial at this time. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer 
becoming unable to make payments due in respect of the Notes. The Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors 
and certain factors which it currently deems not be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of 
events outside the Issuer’s control.
Prospective investors should carefully consider the risks set forth below and read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated in it by reference) and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision.
In case of doubt in respect of the risks associated with the Notes and in order to assess their adequacy with their 
personal risk profile, investors should consult their own financial, legal, accounting and tax experts about the risks 
associated with an investment in the Notes, the appropriate tools to analyse that investment and the suitability of that 
investment in each investor’s particular circumstances. No investor should purchase the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus unless that investor understands and has sufficient financial resources to bear the price, market, liquidity, 
structure, redemption and other risks associated with an investment in the Notes. The market value can be expected 
to fluctuate significantly, and investors should be prepared to assume the market risks associated with the Notes.
Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall bear the meaning ascribed to them in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes” below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any reference to any code, law, decree, 
regulation, directive or any implementing or other legislative measure shall be construed as a reference to such code, 
law, decree, regulation, directive or implementing or other legislative measure as the same may be amended, 
supplemented, restated and/or replaced from time to time.
Belfius Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to herein as “Belfius”.

--- Page 22 ---
Risk factors
22
RISK FACTORS SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER
Risks related to the financial situation and business activity
Macro & geopolitical situation
The risks linked to the macro & geopolitical situation can have an influence on the risks described hereafter under 
the uncertain environment presented in the next paragraph.
2023 has been another challenging year full of unexpected events. From a geopolitical perspective, it has been marked 
by major shocks such as the escalation of the Israeli-Hamas war, the ongoing Russian-Ukrainian war and China’s 
evolving geopolitical ambitions. Large cyberattacks, combined with major breakthroughs in technological 
developments - generative AI in particular - have also shaped 2023. The banking sector, particularly in the United 
States, had a rough start to the year with the failure of three small to medium size US banks, triggering a sharp fall 
in global bank share prices and fears of global contagion, followed by the collapse of Crédit Suisse.
In Belgium, the banks also faced significant liquidity outflows at the end of the summer of 2023 following the 
issuance of a short-term State bond allowing bondholders to benefit from a tax advantage. All these events have 
shaped the risk landscape in 2023 and have led to acceleration of interest rate, liquidity, cyber and fraud risks, strong 
correlations between financial and non-financial risks, and increased volatility and uncertainty.
Against this backdrop, inflation fell sharply during the year, but core inflation remained elevated as wages continued 
to rise in a tightening labour market. To bring down longer term inflation expectations, central banks continued to 
tighten monetary policy throughout the year.
In this unstable environment, 2023 ended on a rather positive note for the Belgian economy, which significantly 
outperformed its European peers in terms of economic growth (annual gross domestic product (“GDP”) growth of 
1.5% in Belgium compared with 0.6% in the Euro Area). Investor sentiment has improved by the end of 2023, shifting 
from expectations of a possible recession to a “soft landing”. Nevertheless, the year was full of challenges and such 
an outcome was not certain at the beginning of the year (the NBB’s forecast for Belgium at the end of 2022 was 0.6% 
GDP growth and was subject to many uncertainties). Other countries have been less successful, as shown by the 
economic slowdown in Germany and some other European countries.
The Belfius loan portfolio continued to perform well in a challenging environment. The fundamental risk indicators, 
such as portfolio probability of default (“PD”) and non-performing loans (“NPL”), remained stable. The real estate 
sector, both residential and commercial, was an attention point for the banking industry and regulators at national 
and international level. The in-depth analysis of the Belfius portfolio did not reveal significant weaknesses. Belfius 
continues to apply its sound credit standards, with an increasing focus on ESG transition-supporting projects. In 
2023, Belfius, in line with its purpose, has provided, and will continue to provide further support to companies facing 
challenging market conditions.
Taking into account the increasing risk in Commercial Real Estate, a fundamental reassessment of these portfolios 
was carried out in 2023, both from a concentration and an overall risk perspective. The analysis confirmed the strong 
resilience of Belfius’ portfolio.
The cost of risk (“CoR”) in 2023 amounted to EUR -109 million, slightly larger than the cost of risk of 
EUR -105 million in 2022. This CoR was essentially driven by stage 3 provisions for an amount of EUR -118 million, 
slightly offset by a limited reversal of the overlay for economic uncertainty for an amount of EUR +41 million. The 
remaining overlay for economic uncertainty of EUR 194 million will allow Belfius to absorb potential defaults, if 
necessary.
The high interest rate environment led to further model refinements and hedging strategy adjustments. In the area of 
Interest Rate Risk In The Banking Book (“IRRBB”) management, Belfius continued its interest rate strategy to 
hedge against rising interest rates and to adapt to a “higher for longer” interest rate environment. Belfius Bank entered

--- Page 23 ---
Risk factors
23
into additional payer swaps and reduced the duration of individual savings accounts, while developing a robust 
commercial strategy to continue to meet customer needs. Belfius was the first (large) bank to increase its savings 
account tariff in 2023 and has continued to do so. Changes in customer preferences (for fixed-term liabilities) and 
the impact of the State bond have again highlighted the importance of sound interest rate risk management and 
scenario thinking in a world where tail risks are becoming the new normal. The IRRBB management and monitoring 
process was continuously improved during the year through refined and adjusted model assumptions and scenario 
thinking with continued focus on customer behaviour in order to protect the future development of Belfius’economic 
value and earnings.
For years, Belfius has been managing liquidity risks in a sound manner, which has allowed it to handle unprecedent 
events as, for instance, the unexpected shock induced by the 2023 1-year Belgian (1-year Belgian state bond) State 
bond as well as the expected reimbursement of targeted longer-term refinancing operations (“TLTRO”).
This sound management has enabled Belfius to maintain a comfortable liquidity position with a buffer of EUR 45 
billion, a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) of 139%, well above the regulatory requirement of 100%, and a loan-
to-deposit ratio of 93% at the end of 2023.
In light of increasing interest rates, risk management has focused on maintaining a well-balanced balance sheet as, 
on the one hand, a change of clients’ behaviour has been observed with stronger preference for more profitable 
products, leading, consequently, to the need to closely manage and anticipate transfers from non-maturing deposits 
to fixed-terms products, while, on the other hand, keeping a strong commercial dynamic on all segments on the asset 
side.
In this new liquidity environment, and in line with its strategic goals of business growth and compliance with 
regulatory liquidity requirements, Belfius has issued around EUR 4 billion in long-term financing (covered bonds, 
preferred senior unsecured, and Tier 2) in 2023.
The CET 1 ratio remained strong at close to 16%, with higher than expected corporate loan production and lower 
than expected mortgage loan production. Net income could not fully offset the significant increase in risk-weighted 
assets (“RWA”), which was mainly driven by commercial growth in the corporate segment and the initial impact of 
the new model landscape. The implementation of the new model landscape (resulting in the transfer of some sub-
segments from the internal risk-based approach to the standardised approach) had a negative impact of 36 bps on the 
CET1 ratio. However, the capital buffer remained very comfortable and will allow to continue to support the Belgian 
economy and to absorb unexpected shocks, which have become more frequent in recent years.
In terms of financial market risk, despite the periods of high volatility, exacerbated by ongoing conflicts in Europe 
and accompanied by the major market movements (yield curves, real rates, credit spreads, etc), the overall 
performance of Belfius’ portfolio during the year was positive, demonstrating that Belfius’ hedging strategy remains 
appropriate, including for Belfius’ XVA for which it actively hedges. This performance was also due to previous 
derisking efforts, which were continued in 2023 with the sale of some bond positions.
On the opposite side, credit deteriorations have been observed in the first quarter of 2024 in both the Core derivative 
portfolio as well as within the Legacy Bond portfolios. The UK water sector may still be further affected this year 
with Ofwat’s (UK water regulator) decision about price review for the regulatory period 2025-2030, which could 
affect the financial capacity of the water companies, and in particular of Thames Water Utilities Ltd which requires 
further equity injections to be able to make the required investments to improve its operational performance. The 
sector and the adequacy of expected loss provisions are closely monitored.
Belfius Insurance has been able to maintain a strong Solvency profile as well in this uncertain year 2023. As of the 
end of December 2023, the consolidated Solvency II ratio ended up with a strong 195% (EUR 118 million with 50% 
pay-out ratio), higher than the Solvency II ratio at year-end 2022 (193%) and within Belfius Insurance’s risk appetite 
(>160%). Belfius Insurance addressed the rise of interest rates based on a solid and pro-active ALM (cashflow 
matching) and also by innovating in Branch 21 Invest products finding its way to the Belfius customers. The launch

--- Page 24 ---
Risk factors
24
of Belfius Direct Insurance enhanced innovation and is diversifying the footprint of Belfius in the insurance market 
by strongly believing in the “love” direct approach of the customers in a more digitalised world. 
Looking forward, 2024 will be marked as one of the most significant years election-wise globally. An unprecedented 
number of voters (54% of the global population) will head to polls and the notion of democracy will be tested again 
in both developed and developing world, with increasing threat of AI misuse after the breakthrough in 2023. The 
results of the US election might shape the evolution of the geopolitical conflicts, as well as the trade agreements, 
sanctions and embargo policies, etc., therefore irrevocably affecting the economic activity. Performances of the 
economies will therefore be contrasting in 2024. At the Belgian level, forming of the coalition government might 
take a long time with potential impact on investors’ confidence in the context of a relatively large deficit and debt. 
Evolution of spreads from geopolitical risks will therefore continue to be monitored as well as their impact on the 
issuance strategy of Belfius.
All in all, the level of uncertainty is therefore expected to remain elevated in 2024, with a large number of potential 
risks which can overshadow Belgian, European and global economic development. The escalation of the Israel-
Hamas war, echoed in the ongoing conflict around the Red Sea, might continue to disrupt supply chains, leading to 
additional price tensions and higher than expected inflation in 2024. 
Belfius remains vigilant to any signs of further deterioration in the economic situation and changes in macroeconomic 
conditions (including sudden changes in the yield curve) and will continue to provide strong support to the Belgian 
economy, within the risk framework, including to avoid significant failures in specific customer segments (such as 
SMEs) that could be detrimental to financial stability as well as addressing the rise in non-financial risks.
Credit risks are inherent to a wide range of Belfius Bank’s businesses
Credit risks are inherent to a wide range of Belfius Bank’s businesses for which prudent monitoring and mitigating 
actions are put in place. These include risks arising from changes in the credit quality of counterparties, as well as 
the inability to recover amounts due from counterparties. This means that Belfius Bank is exposed to the risk that 
third parties (such as retail individuals, SMEs, corporates, trading counterparties, counterparties under credit default 
swaps, interest rate swaps and other derivative contracts, borrowers, issuers of securities which Belfius Bank holds, 
customers, clearing agents and clearing houses, exchanges, guarantors, (re)insurers and other financial 
intermediaries) owing Belfius Bank money, securities or other assets do not pay, deliver or perform under their 
obligations. Bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, downturns in the economy, real estate collateral value drops, operational 
failures or other factors may cause them to default on their obligations towards Belfius Bank.
In order to cover the unexpected credit losses, Belfius Bank applies the Advanced Internal Rating-Based (“A-IRB”) 
approach to derive its minimum own funds requirement. The A-IRB approach consists of using three distinct internal 
models developed and maintained within Belfius Bank following the prescribed regulation (Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 and other EBA regulatory technical standards) by asset class: a PD, a Loss-Given Default (“LGD”) and a 
Credit Conversion Factor (“CCF”)1.
Belfius Bank’s solvency is resilient with a CET1 ratio at the end of December 2023 of 15.95%, a decline of 49 basis 
points compared to the end of 2022 (16.44% pro forma for IFRS 17). 
On denominator level, at the end of December 2023, regulatory risk exposure of Belfius amounted to 
EUR 69,504 million, an increase with EUR 5,353 million compared to EUR 64,150 million at the end of 2022 driven 
by the increase of credit risk RWA:

The credit RWA increased by EUR 5,021 million to EUR 54,291 million, mainly due to the commercial growth 
in franchise activities, particularly in the corporate segment, as well as due to the regulatory changes, mostly 
driven by the first phase of Belfius’model landscape review consisting in a planned reversal to the standardised 
1
The CCF accounts for the expected evolution of the off-balance part of the exposure and is used to model the Exposure At Default.

--- Page 25 ---
Risk factors
25
approach of some low default portfolios. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, all segments are showing a 
good resilience to the challenging economic environment in terms of credit quality.

The RWA for the Danish Compromise increased by EUR 511 million to EUR 8,422 million, mainly as a result 
of the increased equity value of Belfius Insurance following the increases in reserves and net income (EUR 114 
million) and OCI reserves (EUR 23 million).

The Credit Value Adjustment (“CVA”) 2 RWA3 remained stable over the year (+ EUR 85 million) while 
encountering some volatility in the last quarter following rates movements.

The market risk RWA4 decreased by EUR 611 million to EUR 2,369 million. The sharp drop observed in the 
first quarter of 2023 due to the methodological changes in the Value-at-Risk (“VaR”) calculation method was 
partially offset in the course of the year due to scenario volatility and position increase. 

The regulatory operational risk exposure – based on the standardised approach – increased by EUR 348 million, 
in line with the increase in income.
In order to cover the expected credit losses (“ECL”), Belfius Bank applies a provisioning methodology relying on 
IFRS 9. A set of PD, LGD and CCF models are also used to estimate the provisions to estimate the one-year and the 
Lifetime Expected Credit Losses for all facilities. Unlike the one performed for capital estimates, the provisions are 
expressed as Point-In-Time estimates.
The pro-active management of the ECL relies on the CoR metric. The CoR approach follows a waterfall principle in 
Belfius. The provisions for stage 1 & 2 are calculated in a mechanical mode, based on a view on the macroeconomic 
conditions and perspectives (pillar 1). If Belfius Bank considers that certain risk pockets, defined in terms of sectors 
or groups of companies, are not sufficiently covered by the mechanical provisions, certain expert overlays are added 
(pillar 2). If, additionally, the assessment of certain individual counterparties indicates that they present a significantly 
increased credit risk, but are not yet in default, the constituted provisions could be insufficient. For these cases, an 
individual management adjustment on the expected credit loss in stage 2 is added (pillar 3). For counterparts in 
default status (stage 3), the standard impairment process is run and specific provisions are calculated and booked 
(pillar 4).
At the end of 2023, an ESG layer has been introduced for environmental risks, related to specific risk pockets within 
the mortgage and E&E portfolios, in order to anticipate potential risks from the climate transition. It is important to 
clarify that (1) there is no double counting of the ESG layer with the other existing overlays, (2) this is a first-time-
application of a concept that will evolve in the future and (3) a part of the exposures that are now covered by the 
overlay for Vulnerable Exposures (based on the energy-sensitive character), could shift to the ESG layer in the future. 
The incremental exposure for the ESG layer amounted to EUR 1.6 billion.
In 2023, entering into a post-Covid era, Belfius:

decided in the course of the first half of 2023 to abandon the long term average of historic data in the calculation 
of the macroeconomic factors, and only use 2022-2024 macroeconomic data. By the end of 2023, Belfius 
returned to a full point-in-time and forward looking approach in macroeconomic factor calculation, that is based 
only on 2023-2025 macroeconomic data;
2
This is the price that an investor would pay to hedge the counterparty credit risk of a derivative instrument.
3
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) are used to determine the minimum amount of capital that must be held by a bank to cover different types of 
risks. CVA RWA relates to the capital requirements to cover for the impact on CVA of adverse movements in financial market risk factors. 
CVA is the amount subtracted from the mark-to-market value of derivative positions to account for the expected loss due to counterparty 
default.
4
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) are used to determine the minimum amount of capital that must be held by a bank to cover different types of 
risks. Market risk RWA relates to the capital requirements to cover for the impact on mark-to-market value of the trading book of adverse 
movements in financial market risk factors (such as interest rate, foreign-exchange and equity).

--- Page 26 ---
Risk factors
26

maintains the system of four probability weighted forward-looking scenarios each with their own 
macroeconomic parameters to build optimistic, neutral, pessimistic and stress cases. Yet, the scenarios have 
been adapted to the updated macroeconomic environment.
In 2023, the application of the above-mentioned provisioning logic resulted in the CoR on consolidated level 
amounting to EUR -109 million and being composed of EUR +36 million reversals due to the update of the 
macroeconomic factors and perspectives, EUR +5 million reversals following the reassessment of the overlay for 
vulnerable exposures, EUR -118 million specific provisions for loans in default and EUR -32 million allowances for 
portfolio evolutions. 
The specific provisions for loans in default (stage 3) negatively impacted the CoR for EUR -118 million in 2023, 
which is close to the annual natural level for the Belfius portfolio. The stage 3 provisions for exposures in default 
have increased, and the related CoR Stage 3 was higher than the one of 2022 (EUR -60 million for 2022), stemming 
from exposures entering into default status in SME (in sectors real estate, construction, retail trade & hotel/catering) 
and Corporate (in sectors manufacturing, real estate and construction) segments.
Belfius has updated the macroeconomic parameters and perspectives for IFRS 9 expected credit loss calculations in 
line with the Belfius Research department expectations. Compared to the data used in 2022, the GDP growth 
expectations for 2023 were revised upwards for Belgium (1.5%), and the US (2.4%). For 2024, the GDP growth 
expectations have been revised slightly downwards (from 1.6% to 1.2%) for Belgium, the Eurozone (from 1.5% to 
0.9%) and the United States (from 1.2% to 1.1%).
The recovery of the growth has shifted to 2025. The sharp slowdown of inflation, that initially was expected for 
2023, was spread out over 2023 and 2024, to reach an expected level of 2.1% in 2025. The unemployment data were 
not materially adjusted compared to the data used in 2022; the unemployment figure still includes the exceptional 
temporary unemployment that is expected to be, to a certain extent, converted into a structural unemployment. 
The neutral case is completed with an optimistic, a pessimistic and a stress scenario:

The scenario weights have been changed by shifting more weight to the neutral scenario (from 45% to 55%), 
simultaneously reducing the weight associated with pessimistic (from 40% to 35%) and stress (from 10% to 
5%) scenarios.

The update of the macroeconomic factors and reinforced forward-looking character of the ECL calculations 
have induced a reversal of EUR +36 million provisions in 2023.
The assessment of the overlay for vulnerable exposures was based on a thorough credit review and portfolio screening 
integrating the emerging risks related to energy and inflation. The impact of the geopolitical tensions and of the 
spiking inflation on the loan portfolios (both Individuals and Enterprises & Entrepreneurs) was assessed through an 
analysis of transactional and financial client data, combined with the monitoring of specific early warning indicators 
(energy and labour cost to income, evolution of net available income) and with more traditional early warnings (such 
as rating evolutions, the use of credit lines, repayment arrears, etc.). These analyses, performed in a top-down and 
bottom-up approach, have not yet revealed critical risk observations in the Belfius portfolio so far: the portfolio 
continues to show a strong resilience with only very few signs of deteriorating credit quality, limited inflow of 
defaults and bankruptcies and stable credit ratings. 
These assessments are combined with a strengthened and continuous risk-based monitoring of the Enterprises & 
Entrepreneurs portfolio on clients for which early warning risk indicators ‘lighten-up’.
In order to assure an adequate portfolio guidance and monitoring, several business lines need to comply with portfolio 
guidelines of which the aim is to limit specific sector risks and/or sector risk concentrations. These guidelines impose 
an upper limit for certain sector risks, on top of the individual credit quality and limits on the counterparty and/or 
risk group level, and are monitored quarterly by risk management and reported to the management bodies.

--- Page 27 ---
Risk factors
27
This portfolio guidance is part of the Risk Appetite Framework (“RAF”), which is subject to a yearly review 
assessment. This yearly review introduced a number of additional credit risk-related KRIs for a closer portfolio 
monitoring but did not lead to any increase of risk appetite for credit risk. 
For the mortgage portfolio, the negative impact of rising energy costs and inflation remained rather limited in 2023, 
mainly due to government energy subsidies as well as (partial) automatic wage indexations. A limited number of 
clients requested deferrals on capital payments in the context of the 2022 Febelfin initiative which ended in March 
of 2023. The volume of forborne mortgages decreased from EUR 419 million in 2022 to EUR 346 million in 2023 
as a result of a large outflow of Covid-19 loans, more than compensating for the inflow related to higher energy 
costs.
Despite challenges posed by the current macroeconomic environment, the portfolio of mortgages performed well in 
2023. Both the PD level and the NPL ratio of this portfolio remained stable at around 0.5% and 0.3%, respectively. 
The share of newly originated fixed-rate interest rate mortgages remained high at 99%, reducing the impact of rising 
interest rates on the performance of these loans.
Similarly to mortgages, consumer loans experienced a slowdown in production growth in 2023 compared to the 
previous year. The Full Exposure At Default (“FEAD”) amounted to EUR 5.7 billion at the end of 2023, an increase 
of 3.7% compared to 2022. The average PD decreased from 0.8% in 2022 to 0.7% in 2023. However, the NPL ratio 
slightly worsened, rising from 2.3% at the end of 2022 to 3.0% a year later. The opposite movement of these two risk 
indicators can be attributed to a single large file that transitioned from performing to non-performing loan.
Belfius remains vigilant in monitoring the performance of loans granted to individuals but the slowdown in 
inflationary pressures and potential monetary easing could boost production and improve the quality of these two 
portfolios. 
This mixed view is visible in the overall portfolio monitoring of Belfius’ E&E loan portfolio, amounting to 
EUR 62.2 billion at the end of 2023:

overall credit quality in the E&E segment was stable (average PD of 1.64% at the end of 2023 compared to 
1.58% at the end of 2022) but with increasing watchlist volumes and, in the SME segment, also rising PD and 
NPL levels;

production, especially in Corporate Banking, continued to be very dynamic with high credit quality driven by 
good rated large tickets while increasing concentration to some extent;

the credit quality of the Commercial Real Estate portfolio showed a stable pattern but with attention points in 
the development sector and on smaller, less diversified, projects;

bankruptcies are gradually returning to pre-Covid levels but with regional and sectoral differences with a more 
pronounced growth in the sectors construction, transportation, and hospitality and catering industry.
Taking into account the uncertainty about the construction and commercial real estate outlook, a fundamental 
reassessment of these sectors was performed in 2023, both from a concentration point of view and from an overall 
risk perspective. The deep dive analysis confirmed the fundamental credit quality of the portfolio but additional 
guidance have been given to cover for the increasing risk profile of smaller projects and individual concentrations.
The EU Green Deal has started to create full awareness of ESG in all economic activities. E&E clients are 
accompanied by Belfius, among others through the Corporate Ambition programme, to implement a sustainable 
transition. In addition, the integration of ESG aspects in the credit granting process is accelerating, capitalising on 
the building blocks that have been implemented earlier.
Belfius’ loan portfolio for the Public & Social sectors amounted to a FEAD of EUR 36.1 billion at the end of 2023, 
contributing to the diversification of the Belfius’ global loan portfolio. Overall, the public and social sector kept 
showing high credit standards and maintained its historically low risk profile, characterised by an average PD of

--- Page 28 ---
Risk factors
28
0.17% and a NPL-ratio of 0.03% at the end of 2023. However, this sector continues to face a number of challenges, 
including high inflation pushing upwards general expenditures and interest payments.
Belgian cities and municipalities had to deal with inflation peaking at 12.3% in October 2022. Although this figure 
has dropped drastically since then, to 1.35% last December 2023, its effects have been felt strongly. Three factors 
were of particular concern. Firstly, general expenditure and interest payments rose sharply. Secondly, wages 
increased due to indexation, which is connected to inflation. And thirdly, energy bills more than doubled while the 
cost of building materials rose as well, putting pressure on public investments. A positive point can be found in the 
unexpected rise of municipal revenues due to the fact that some municipal income sources (taxes, funds, allowances) 
are also subject to indexation mechanisms.
All in all, these developments have potential impacts on the financial stability of municipalities. In spite of budgets 
generally being balanced, financial reserves have steadily decreased since 2020. Rising public debt levels will 
therefore hamper the ability of (local) authorities to react effectively in case of economic shocks, as was the case, for 
instance, during the Covid-19 pandemic. Regarding the performance of the Belgian Regions and Communities, the 
situation remains challenging as well, prompting Belfius to lower the outlook for some of these entities.
In addition, some necessary long-term expenditures will limit the space for budgetary manoeuvring for the public 
sector. Geopolitical risks may require higher investments in national security, and high energy costs have impaired 
the economic competitiveness of Europe since the start of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Large investments are 
required with regard to infrastructure (rail, roads, etc.), the energy transition and climate adaptation. Moreover, the 
Belgian Federal Planning Bureau forecasts the costs of the ageing population to outpace economic growth until 2050, 
when social expenditure is expected to peak at 30.1% of Belgian GDP. Furthermore, the lack of clarity regarding the 
fiscal reform will persist until at least the federal elections of June 2024.
Consequently, the NBB warns that the current federal budget might not be sustainable for the future, as it will push 
the deficit above 5% in 2026, while national debt would be around 110% of GDP in that same year. On a positive 
note, economic growth levels will remain healthy, amounting to 1.5% for 2023. The labour market continues to be 
robust, albeit tight.
The ALM Liquidity portfolio, consisting of LCR eligible bonds, has increased by EUR 0.7 billion over the year 2023, 
from EUR 7.3 billion in 2022 to EUR 8.0 billion in 2023. The majority of the new investments were done in covered 
bonds with a good diversification over different countries. The average rating of the portfolio increased from A- to 
A, with 100% of positions being of investment grade nature. Although the credit risk remains acceptable, there is 
still an important concentration of Italian sovereign bonds in this portfolio.
The run-off portfolios, consisting of the Yield bond portfolio, the credit derivatives portfolio and other legacy 
derivatives portfolio have remained fairly stable over the year 2023, with only a slight decrease from EUR 8.0 billion 
in 2022 to EUR 7.9 billion in 2023. The average ratings of the different subportfolios also remained stable at 
respectively A-, A- and BBB+. Even though there is some pressure on the credit quality of these portfolios, 94% to 
97% of the positions were still of investment grade nature in 2023. The most important concentrations within these 
portfolios were UK inflation linked utilities, mainly water and gas, and UK Healthcare bonds. Initially, the UK real 
rate5 continued its rise in 2023, but the trend reversed in the last quarter of 2023. As such, the increase over 2023 was 
rather limited. Hence Belfius’ concentration (which partially depends on UK real rate) on the UK utility and 
healthcare sectors remained relatively stable. About 75% of these positions benefit from a lifetime guarantee from 
an investment grade rated credit insurer.
5
The real interest rate is the rate of interest an investor, saver or lender receives (or expects to receive) after allowing for inflation. As such the 
“UK real rates” can be seen as the difference between the nominal interest rate levels in GBP (i.e., swap rates) versus the expected inflation 
rates in UK RPI (i.e., inflation swap rates).

--- Page 29 ---
Risk factors
29
The current tariff agreements continue to put pressure on the credit metrics of some UK water and gas utilities. The 
sustained high inflationary conditions in the UK are adding to this pressure. By the end of the second quarter of 2023, 
one of the primary UK water companies came under severe pressure. A new regulatory price framework will come 
into force in 2025 and will be pivotal for the future evolution of this sector. Combining huge investment needs to 
improve performance, attract sufficient new equity to improve resilience and at the same time keeping a strong focus 
on client affordability will be an extremely difficult challenge.
In 2023, the pressure on the UK healthcare sector continued. The difficult relationships between the involved parties 
in healthcare projects as a result of not respecting project agreements has resulted in an important credit deterioration 
for some of these counterparties.
Belfius continues to closely monitor the situation and future developments within these pressured sectors. There were
no assets in stage 3 and the provisions for stage 2 assets within these portfolios amounted to EUR 140 million at the 
end of 2023.
Despite the permanent trading derogation from the NBB allowing to keep the remaining credit default swaps in 
trading, Belfius continued actively seeking to unwind or derisk these positions. This has been Belfius’ main derisking 
focus in 2023 and will continue to be so in 2024. In 2024, a restructure took place on two of Belfius’ positions, to 
review the transaction and reduce the remaining risks.
The rating agencies view the group’s credit quality positively, as reflected by the rating actions taken between 
1 January 2023 and 29 February 2024:

on 28 June 2023, S&P confirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A with stable outlook;

on 7 July 2023, Moody’s affirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A1 and changed the outlook to positive 
from stable;

on 13 July 2023, Fitch affirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A- with stable outlook.

on 27 December 2023, Moody’s affirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A1 with positive outlook;

on 28 December 2023, S&P confirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A with stable outlook.
Changes in (future) profitability may have an adverse effect on the Issuer
Belfius Bank’s strategy is based on the development of a strong commercial franchise that is to be supported by solid 
risk and financial profile foundations, a strategy even more relevant since the Covid-19 crisis and the ongoing macro 
and geopolitical crisis. This translates into growing commercial activities, further growing their footprints in a 
through-the-cycle profitable way and investments in future business model developments, based on solid solvency 
foundations. Resilience is proven at the end of December 2023 with a return on equity (“RoE”)6 at group level 
amounting to 10.1% (compared to 8.9% at the end of 2022).
Changes in the profitability and changes in the expectations about the future profitability can influence the secondary 
market value of Belfius Bank’s liabilities. Though Belfius Bank’s management and the regulatory authorities via the 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) always strive for a sound and profitable business model, 
profitability can never be guaranteed as it depends to some extent on external market factors. 
The high interest rate environment led to further model refinements and hedging strategy adjustments. In this 
environment, Belfius’ strategy to mitigate rising interest rates, well anticipated already since early 2022, was further 
enhanced in 2023 to preserve its equity’s economic value. This was achieved by shortening the duration of non-
maturing deposits and rolling-out its hedging strategy covering substantial long-term payer swaps execution or 
hedging the LCR bonds. Also, in anticipation of a downward interest rate trend, Belfius’ Risk Management is 
6
RoE calculation method: sum of the net result of the last four quarters divided by the four quarter rolling average of the shareholders’ equity.

--- Page 30 ---
Risk factors
30
proactively challenging Belfius’ strategy aiming to maintain both the economic value and the enduring profitability 
of its operations. 
Furthermore, Belfius was the first (large) bank to increase its savings account tariff in 2023 and has continued to do 
so. Changes in customer preferences (for fixed-term liabilities) and the impact of the State bond have again 
highlighted the importance of sound interest rate risk management and scenario thinking in a world where tail risks 
are becoming the new normal. The IRRBB management and monitoring process was continuously improved during 
the year through refined and adjusted model assumptions and scenario thinking with continued focus on customer 
behaviour in order to protect the future development of Belfius’ economic value and earnings.
The ALCo will remain attentive to a volatile interest rate environment with primary objective to respect the RAF. 
IRRBB management continues to protect net interest income (“NIM”) and ALM conventional models are regularly 
reviewed at the light of the macro-economic environment and prevailing interest rates. 
Besides the general economic and competitive climate, monetary policy is among the most important factors 
determining bank profitability. By influencing the level of the interest rates and the shape of the interest rate curve, 
the ECB impacts in an important way the NIM of commercial banks, like Belfius Bank. This NIM contains the bank’s 
revenues from its normal lending and borrowing activity and for Belfius Bank it constitutes a non-negligible part of 
the overall income.
The Issuer is subject to fluctuations caused by market risks
Market risks are inherent to a range of Belfius Bank’s businesses. Aside from the interest rate risk, Belfius Bank is 
particularly sensitive to P&L volatility stemming from value adjustments (xVA’s) and credit derivatives. Those are 
mostly related to the ex-legacy portfolio. More elaborately, market risk within Belfius Bank is focused on all financial 
markets activities of the bank and encompasses, as mentioned above, interest rate risk (in this context in the trading 
book), spread risk and associated credit risk/liquidity risk, foreign-exchange risk, equity risk (or price risk), inflation 
risk and commodity price risk. To mitigate the market risk impact, important management actions have been taken, 
such as additional hedges and reduction of open positions. This has, amongst others, led to reduced credit spread 
sensitivities.
Despite the challenging economic and geopolitical environment, Belfius Bank’s market risks management remained 
sound. The year 2023 was marked by periods of high volatility due to the default of a major bank, an acute banking 
crisis, ongoing central bank efforts to combat inflation, and ongoing conflicts in Europe. However, the final quarter 
of 2023 delivered a welcome Christmas present for investors, with growing excitement that in 2024 central banks 
would cut interest rates sooner than previously expected, resulting in an “almost everything rally”.
Existing hedges on CVA/FVA, in place since the first half of 2020, performed well in 2023, keeping the P&L volatility 
to a minimum. Further analysis highlighted possible improvement to credit spread macro hedges which was adapted 
in the second half of 2023. Consequently, only a limited number of non-hedgeable risks remained. The most relevant 
one being the Belfius’ own funding spread, where the positive evolution of interest rates has made the XVA’s less 
sensitive to this parameter. 
At the end of December 2023, the global VaR level of Financial Market activities amounted to EUR 9.4 million, a 
decrease of EUR 16.9 million compared to the end of 2022 and even the maximal (EUR 17.3 million) was limited. 
The overall average VaR of Financial Markets activities decreased from EUR 13.6 million in 2022 to EUR 11.5 
million in 2023. The VaR decrease was spread out over the different quarters, with positions decreasing steadily as 
trading performance was positive throughout the year.
The market RWA has increased from EUR 1.9 billion at the end of 2022 to EUR 2.3 billion at the end of 2023. The 
drop in the first quarter of 2023 (following the model correction) was followed by a slow increase in market risk 
RWA that has taken place over the second and third quarter of 2023 stemming from the small increases in positions.

--- Page 31 ---
Risk factors
31
At the end of 2023, the RWA for market risk under the internal model approach stood at EUR 1.8 billion and at EUR 
0.5 billion for the standardised approach.
(1) The Value-at-Risk (VAR): is a measure of the potential change in market value with a probability of 99% and over a period of 10 days.
(2) IR: interest rate risk and inflation risk.
(3) FX: forex risk.
(4) CO2 risk.
The Issuer’s activities are subject to non-financial risks, including operational, reputational, compliance and legal 
risks
Non-Financial Risk (“NFR”) must be understood as a broad umbrella covering all risks except “financial risks” (the 
latter encompassing market, ALM, liquidity, credit, and insurance risks). NFR covers, among others, operational 
risks (including fraud, HR, IT, IT-security, business continuity, outsourcing, data-related, privacy, etc.) as well as 
reputational, compliance, legal, tax and ESG risks. If any of these risks materialise, this may have an adverse impact 
on Belfius’ business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
The NFR management framework determines the principles that ensure an effective management of the non-financial 
risks. The principles are further elaborated in specific policies and guidelines adapted to the business activities. These 
general principles are following the applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
The framework is based on the following pillars:

a risk mapping and taxonomy in order to ensure consistency within the organisation, including a regular review 
of this mapping and taxonomy to identify emerging risks;

clear roles and responsibilities, as well as a well-defined way of working together for all the risks based on the 
three LoD (3 LoD) model (decentralised responsibility);

a strong governance/committee structure involving the appropriate level of management;

a RAF definition and monitoring; and

transversal risk processes and dedicated risk management frameworks, which are structured into the following 
main domains: Change Risk Management, Integrated Risk Management, Risk Culture & Governance, 
Operational, Resilience, Information Security and Data Privacy.
Focusing on specific domains:

Information security management: for Belfius, the purpose of information security is to protect Belfius’ 
information having a value for the organisation: i.e., the information generated by the business, the information 
belonging to the clients, and also the information derived from freely accessible or publicly available data, 
which has acquired a value as a result of the treatment carried out by or on behalf of Belfius. The threats against

--- Page 32 ---
Risk factors
32
data and information are their loss of integrity, their loss of confidentiality and their unplanned unavailability. 
The mission of information security is to safeguard against these threats.
Belfius also considers that the objective regarding information security extends to managing the risks linked to 
the consequences of these threats if they have materialised in terms of customers’ trust, finance, reputation, peer 
confidence (regulators, financial markets) and confidence of the business partners. An information security 
strategy derived from these principles is applicable to all actions pertaining to information security.
In order to guarantee the information security within Belfius, the Information Security Steering (ISS) 
Committee, managed by the Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) and chaired by the Chief Risk Officer, 
aims to ensure a well governed and coordinated information security strategy whereby an adequate system of 
“prevention”, “detection”, “protection” and “reaction” is put in place, in line with regulatory requirements for 
information security. The steering of Belfius’ information security is relying on a combination of qualitative 
statements, tangible figures and quantitative statements: deviations from the risk appetite are challenged to 
mitigate the risks to an acceptable level. Large security projects are grouped together in a security roadmap 
which typically spans the course of two years. The ever-evolving security threat landscape however requires 
the organisation to be resilient and anticipate existing and future threats.

Incident management: this relates to threats against data and information and their loss of integrity, their loss of 
confidentiality and their unplanned unavailability. The systematic collection and control of data on operational 
incidents is one of the main requirements of the Basel Committee regarding operational risk management.
The reporting mechanisms aim to ensure that the responsible parties are notified quickly when incidents occur. 
Major incidents are investigated thoroughly and are reported to the CRO/Management Board. Such incidents 
are also subject to specific action plans and appropriate follow-up, under the responsibility of the concerned 
line management, for avoidance, mitigation or limitation of the related risk.
The main areas of operational losses remain essentially due to incidents associated with external fraud and 
incidents in relation to execution, delivery, and process management. Other categories remain limited in amount 
but not necessarily in number of events. The most important part of the financial impact resulting from 
operational incidents comes from Belfius Bank’s retail business.

Data privacy management: the respect for privacy and the protection of personal data is a key commitment at 
Belfius, which is translated into a sound internal governance and principles to be followed in respect of GDPR.
In order to continuously guarantee data privacy within Belfius, the Privacy Committee related to GDPR 
regularly meets. Belfius’ Management and several committees are informed about GDPR on a recurrent basis 
at Belfius.
Staff needs to regularly update their GDPR knowledge and are also regularly informed on GDPR-news.
The Data Privacy Officer (“DPO”) is part of the second line of defence. A network of privacy correspondents, 
active in each department, work closely with the DPO to continuously raise awareness, control, and monitor 
processes and activities being in line with GDPR.
GDPR conformity, including a risk assessment for the rights and freedom of the owners whose personal data is 
treated, is integrated into every process to offer (existing, adapted and new) products, innovative digital tools, 
services, and information sharing to its clients.
This also included and includes the review of the privacy notice, the implementation of an adapted cookie policy 
and the implementation of the ruling of the European Court of Justice on eventual international transfers or 
international access of personal data. 
All activities treating personal data are documented by the business lines in a privacy register and Belfius is 
very committed to avoid personal data breaches and to manage any incident as quickly as possible.

--- Page 33 ---
Risk factors
33
Data subject rights can be executed by data subjects via multiple possibilities, including the Belfius’ online and 
mobile applications. More than 98% of the data subject rights are asked via the Belfius’ online app and receives 
an answer in the same app within one business day.

Fraud risk: Belfius applies a zero-tolerance policy for all forms of fraud (internal, external and mixed fraud 
schemes), monitors the threats continuously and manages these risks based on a global anti-fraud policy as 
defined and steered by senior management. The roles and responsibilities have been clearly defined with 
business and support lines as the first risk managers. The CRO and NFR team, including the Anti-Fraud Officer 
as expert, have a clear 2nd Line of Defence role.
In a context of evolving digital channels and faster payments processing, internal controls are continuously 
screened to prevent fraud and this to protect the interests of Belfius and its employees, customers, suppliers and 
other stakeholders. More traditional phishing techniques and cyber fraud cases need continuous investments to 
protect clients against potential impacts from these fraud schemes.
Moreover, an anti-fraud expert panel is regularly organised to enhance the transversal circulation of information 
and to ensure that the Anti-Fraud Steering Committee (A-FSC) receives the information necessary for defining 
and monitoring the anti-fraud risk management.

Outsourcing risk: Belfius is aware that outsourcing & third-party risk must be addressed adequately and fully 
assumes its responsibilities, including but not limited to overseeing and managing the concerned arrangements 
and the risks involved. The Outsourcing Risk & Material Arrangements Policy is compliant with the “Final 
Report on EBA Draft Guidelines on Outsourcing Arrangements”. In particular, the policy provides for the 
appointment of the outsourcing function and the setup of the Outsourcing Management (steering) Committee 
(OMC). Its mission consists in ensuring a well governed and coordinated outsourcing strategy in line with 
Belfius’ strategy, risk appetite and regulatory requirements.

Business continuity & crisis management: Belfius is committed to its clients, counterparties and regulators to 
put in place, maintain and test viable alternative arrangements that, following an incident, allow the continuation 
or the resumption of critical business activities at the agreed operational level and entirely compliant with the 
Belgian regulations.
The supporting process, the business continuity and crisis management, is applied in a uniform way at all 
Belfius entities and relies on, among others, threat analysis, business impact analysis, reallocation strategies 
(dual office, remote and homeworking, etc.), effective management reporting, business continuity plans as well 
as exercise and maintenance programs. In that way, Belfius has also demonstrated its resilience to the Covid-
19 situation.

Employment practices (HR) & workplace safety, damage to assets & public safety risk: Belfius has a very low 
appetite for physical security and workplace safety risk and strives to provide a safe environment for its staff, 
clients, guests and assets by ensuring that its physical security measures and procedures meet high standards. 
To meet this goal, a Physical Security Steering Committee with all stakeholders systematically monitors the 
overall situation by means of a dashboard. It also acts as a forum to reflect and to dialogue on actual incidents, 
and to envisage action plans to reduce the risk to acceptable levels.

Compliance & anti-money laundering (“AML”): compliance risk is managed around a central compliance 
department. In Belfius, the Compliance Officer reports directly to the CRO and to the Audit Committee and, if 
necessary, may directly approach the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the external auditor and the 
regulators. Belfius Bank has a very low risk appetite for compliance risk. This is important to maintain a good 
reputation, to maintain the confidence of all stakeholders and to avoid administrative or criminal sanctions. 
Throughout the years, key compliance risks remain financial crime, consumer protection and regulatory 
scrutiny. Similarly to NFR, the compliance framework has been strengthened to successfully manage the risk 
in line with the bank’s low risk appetite. In particular, a market abuse detection tool has been rolled out in 2023.

--- Page 34 ---
Risk factors
34
The compliance department has been a pioneer in introducing AI for transaction monitoring to manage the AML 
risk. It will leverage on the acquired expertise to expand AI to cover other key compliance risks in the future 
via a dedicated roadmap. The Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Officer (“AML CO”) is head of the AML 
team, which combats money laundering practices. Belfius strives not to be involved in laundering money from 
illegal activities, the organisation of tax fraud, financing terrorism or circumventing international embargos in 
line with all legal requirements. To underline this commitment, the AML CO has established preventive 
measures and broadened controls. Proper knowledge of the customers and their identification (Know Your 
Customer process), investigation on the origin of financial flows on accounts and detection of dubious 
transactions (Know Your Transaction process) are all vital elements in the prevention of such practices.
The Issuer is subject to risks affecting its liquidity
Liquidity risk consists of the risk that Belfius Bank will not be able to meet both expected and unexpected current 
and future cash-flows and collateral needs.
The liquidity risk at Belfius Bank is mainly stemming from: 

commercial funding collected from customers and the way these funds are allocated to customers through 
different types of loans/products; 

the volatility of collateral that is to be deposited at counterparties as part of the CSA framework for derivatives 
and repo transactions (so called cash & securities collateral);

the value of the liquid reserves by virtue of which Belfius Bank can collect funding on the repo market and/or 
from the ECB. 

the capacity to obtain interbank and institutional funding.;

the concentration risk of funding sources, counterparties and maturities.
The monitoring of the liquidity risk is done through internal and regulatory liquidity Key Risk Indicators (“KRI”) 
that are reported on a regular basis and the compliance with those KRI is also tested under stress scenarios. Next to 
the Internal Liquidity Ratio (working on a three-month horizon), the short and long-term liquidity risks are managed, 
respectively, by means of the regulatory LCR – one-month horizon and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR” –
one year). 
During 2023, Belfius preserved its diversified liquidity profile by:

maintaining a substantial funding surplus within the commercial balance sheet;

continuing to obtain diversified long-term funding from institutional investors; 

collecting short and medium-term (CP/CD/EMTN) deposits from institutional investors.
Belfius Bank reached a 12-month average LCR of 138% at the end of December 2023. This decrease since the end 
of December 2022 (173%) is mainly explained by the maturing of the TLTRO funding (total repayment of EUR 4.6 
billion in 2023, with the remaining EUR 1.4 billion about to mature in 2024), outflows induced by the 2023 1-year 
Belgian State bond issuance (roughly EUR 3.5 billion including EUR 3 billion from savings account and EUR 500 
million from payment accounts) as well as continued strong growth in commercial loans. Short-term (EUR 5.9 billion 
in 2023) and long-term (around EUR 4 billion in 2023) financing issuances played a crucial role in reinforcing Belfius 
Bank’s LCR, ensuring that it remained above the internal target of 120% through the year. The High Quality Liquid 
Assets (HQLA) were composed at the end of December 2023 of 69% Level 1 cash, 27% Level 1 bonds, 3% Level 
2A bonds and 0.6% Level 2B bonds. It has to be noted that, during 2023, Belfius demonstrated its ability to manage 
significant outflows (ca. EUR 3.5 billion) related to the successful State bond issue thanks to the sufficient total 
liquidity buffer of EUR 45 billion at the start of the outflows and the swift actions taken to ensure that the LCR stayed 
above Belfius’ internal target of 120%.

--- Page 35 ---
Risk factors
35
The NSFR, based on the binding CRR 2 rules and calculated according to EBA templates, stood at 128% at the end 
of December 2023, a decrease from 135% in 2022, also explained by the repayment of the TLTRO, liquidity outflows 
and growth in commercial loans.
In terms of risk management, Belfius relies on a close monitoring of a set of regulatory and internal liquidity risk 
metrics as part of its RAF defined with the following main objective: “Belfius wants to maintain at all times sufficient 
liquidity even after severe but plausible stress”. The risk appetite framework imposes an additional buffer on top of 
the regulatory minima to be respected at all times. This buffer, combined with a set of predefined recovery measures, 
aims to ensure that Belfius will respect regulatory minima even under stress. Another control of the second line of 
defence includes the early warning system that proactively warns for potential liquidity crisis. By means of a detailed 
Liquidity Risk Dashboard, internal KRI’s are continuously monitored and include, among others, maturity 
concentration of funding, intraday liquidity risks, credit lines and liquidity buffer under stress. Belfius also relies on 
forward-looking assessment as part of its financial plan and stress testing activities to account for concentration risks, 
clients’ behaviour prospective challenges to address potential future non-maturing deposits’ outflows or simulation 
of bank runs. That way, Belfius ensures to have a sufficient liquidity buffer while accounting for materialisation of 
some tail risks. The Belfius Bank liquidity risk management framework ensures that risk assessments, reporting’s 
and proper follow-up’s are performed to ensure that its liquidity buffer is sufficient to cover extreme stress scenarios 
based on a large set of assumptions on the levels of inflows, outflows, risk source and at different time horizons 
(ranging from intraday to complete stress on the funding plans), while respecting the limits defined in the RAF. These 
limits are integrated in the RAF approved by the Board of Directors and reported on a quarterly basis. Available 
liquidity reserves also play a key role regarding liquidity: at any time, Belfius Bank aims to ensure it has sufficient 
quality assets to cover any temporary liquidity shortfalls, both in normal markets and under stress scenarios. Belfius 
Bank defined specific guidelines for the management of LCR eligible bonds and non-LCR eligible bonds, both 
approved by the Management Board. Given its solid liquidity position, Belfius’ funding plan is more than ever driven 
by minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) requirements rather than by an expected 
liquidity shortfall. In 2023, in line with its strategic goals of business growth and compliance with regulatory 
requirements, Belfius Bank issued EUR 0.5 billion covered bonds, EUR 0.5 billion Tier 2 and EUR 0.75 billion 
preferred senior under green format. The Non-Preferred Senior Bonds of EUR 2.0 billion enable Belfius to respect 
the subordinated MREL regulatory requirement.
The Issuer is subject to competition from existing as well as new market players
Belfius Bank faces strong competition across all its markets from local and international financial institutions 
including banks, life insurance companies and mutual insurance organisations. The presence of Belfius Bank being 
solely limited to Belgium can be assessed as a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors. While Belfius 
Bank believes it is positioned to compete effectively with these competitors, there can be no assurance that increased 
competition will not adversely affect Belfius Bank’s pricing policy and lead to losing market shares in one or more 
markets in which it operates.
Competition is also affected by other factors such as changes in consumer demand and regulatory actions. Moreover, 
competition can increase as a result of internet and mobile technologies changing customer behaviours, the rise of 
mobile banking and the threat of banking business being developed by non-financial companies, all of which may 
reduce the profits of Belfius Bank.
The introduction of the Payment Services Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 25 November 2015 on payment services in the internal market may enable the emergence of payment aggregators, 
which could in turn reduce the relevance of traditional bank platforms and weaken brand relationships. The 
development of ecosystems – which lead to the abolition of borders across economic sectors – could further 
exacerbate these threats.
Any failure by Belfius Bank to manage the competitive dynamics to which it is exposed could have a material adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Nevertheless, Belfius Bank remains

--- Page 36 ---
Risk factors
36
confident about its business model targeting the Belgian perimeter, its pro-active and deep work around new 
technologies and innovative partnerships and its evolution towards a modern banking platform. 
In order to stay ahead of this risk, Belfius Bank relies at several levels on benchmarking assessments (CoR, RWA, 
commercial real estate activities, macro-assumptions in (reverse) stress test exercises, results of transversal EBA 
benchmarking assessment, etc.).
RISK FACTORS SPECIFIC TO THE NOTES
Risks related to all Series of Notes
The Issuer is not prohibited from entering into or issuing further debt (which may rank pari passu with or senior to 
the Notes), and may be required to do so because of regulatory requirements, and any future debt may be on better 
terms than the Notes
There is no restriction in the Conditions on the amount of debt that the Issuer may enter into or issue that ranks senior 
to, or pari passu with, the Notes. The Issuer may incur additional indebtedness, including indebtedness that rank 
senior to or pari passu with the Notes, which may have better terms than the Notes (e.g. in relation to events of 
default and covenants). The entry into or issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable by 
investors upon the Issuer’s insolvency. If the Issuer’s financial condition were to deteriorate, the Noteholders could 
suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including reduction of interest and principal and, if the Issuer 
were to be liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), the Noteholders could suffer loss of their entire 
investment.
The Issuer may be required to issue additional debt because of regulatory requirements. In order to make the bail-in 
power under the BRRD effective, credit institutions (including the Issuer) must at all times meet a MREL so that 
there is sufficient capital and liabilities available to stabilise and recapitalise failing credit institutions.
Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible liabilities, including the Senior Notes, and write-down or conversion of tier 1 
and tier 2 capital instruments, including the Subordinated Notes
The BRRD aims to provide supervisory and resolution authorities with common tools and powers to address banking 
crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimise taxpayers’ exposure to losses.
This means that Noteholders may lose some or all of their investment (including outstanding principal and accrued 
but unpaid interest) as a result of the exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the “bail-in” resolution tool 
(including the statutory loss absorption tools) and the write-down and conversion powers. Designation of a tranche 
of Notes as Notes which have a particular use of proceeds identified in the applicable Final Terms does not confer 
any change in status, ranking or favourable treatment relative to the application of resolution tools.
The Relevant Resolution Authority has the power to bail-in (i.e., write down or convert) more subordinated debt, if 
any, and senior debt (such as the Senior Notes), after having written down or converted Tier 1 capital instruments 
and Tier 2 capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes). The bail-in power enables the Relevant Resolution 
Authority to recapitalise a failing institution by allocating losses to its shareholders and unsecured creditors 
(including the Noteholders) in a manner which is consistent with the hierarchy of claims in an insolvency of a relevant 
financial institution. Under such hierarchy, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes would be written down or converted 
before the Senior Preferred Notes. The bail-in power includes the power to cancel a liability or modify the terms of 
contracts for the purposes of deferring the liabilities of the relevant financial institution and the power to convert a 
liability from one form to another.
In summary (and subject to the implementing rules), the Relevant Resolution Authority is able to exercise its bail-in 
powers if the following (cumulative) conditions are met:

--- Page 37 ---
Risk factors
37
(a)
the determination that Belfius Bank is failing or is likely to fail has been made by the relevant regulator or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (in each case, after consulting each other), which means that one or more of 
the following circumstances are present:
(i)
Belfius Bank infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination that Belfius Bank 
will, in the near future, infringe the requirements for continuing authorisation in a way that would 
justify the withdrawal of the authorisation by the competent authority, including but not limited to 
because Belfius Bank has incurred or is likely to incur losses that will deplete all or a significant 
amount of its own funds;
(ii)
the assets of Belfius Bank are or there are objective elements to support a determination that the assets 
of Belfius Bank will, in the near future, be less than its liabilities;
(iii)
Belfius Bank is or there are objective elements to support a determination that Belfius Bank will, in 
the near future, be unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due;
(iv)
Belfius Bank requests extraordinary public financial support,
(b)
having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative 
private sector measures or supervisory action taken in respect of Belfius Bank would prevent the failure of 
Belfius Bank within a reasonable timeframe; and
(c)
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest.
The BRRD specifies that governments will only be entitled to use public money to rescue credit institutions if a 
minimum of 8% of the own funds and total liabilities have been written down, converted or bailed in or, by way of 
derogation, if the contribution to loss absorption and recapitalisation is equal to an amount not less than 20% of risk-
weighted assets and certain additional conditions are met.
The exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of its resolution powers (including the statutory loss absorption 
powers) in relation to the Notes, or the (perceived) prospect of such exercise, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of such Notes and could lead to the holders of such Notes losing some or all of their investment in their 
Notes.
Please also refer to “Risks related to Subordinated Notes” in respect to the conditions for write-down and conversion 
of the Subordinated Notes.
Investors should furthermore note that, on 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a proposal to adjust 
and further strengthen the EU’s existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance (CMDI) framework, with a 
focus on medium-sized and smaller banks. The proposal would enable authorities to organise the orderly market exit 
for a failing bank of any size and business model, with a broad range of tools. In particular, it would facilitate the use 
of industry-funded safety nets to shield depositors in banking crises, such as by transferring them from an ailing bank 
to a healthy one. Such use of safety nets must only be a complement to the banks’ internal loss absorption capacity, 
which remains the first line of defence. Investors should note that a final reform may have an impact on the current 
supervisory and resolution powers applicable to credit institutions (such as the Issuer). If implemented as proposed, 
one element of the proposal would mean that Senior Preferred Notes will no longer rank pari passu with any deposits 
of the Issuer. Instead, the Senior Preferred Notes would rank junior in right of payment to the claims of all depositors. 
As such, there may be an increased risk of an investor in Senior Preferred Notes losing all or some of its investment. 
The proposal, if implemented, may also lead to a rating downgrade for Senior Preferred Notes. In this respect, please 
also refer to the risk factor entitled “Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and a credit rating reduction may result 
in a reduction in the trading value of the Notes”.

--- Page 38 ---
Risk factors
38
The Issuer may redeem the Notes prior to their stated maturity, subject to certain conditions
The Issuer may have an optional redemption right, in its sole and full discretion, in the circumstances and subject to 
the conditions set out in Condition 3(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), Condition 3(d) (Redemption upon 
the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event), Condition 3(e) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event),
Condition 3(f) (Redemption of Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event) and Condition 3(g) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Substantial Repurchase Event).
The Issuer’s ability to redeem the Notes at its option may affect the market value of the Notes. In particular, during 
any period when the Issuer has the right to elect to redeem the Notes or the market anticipates that redemption might 
occur, such as when the Issuer’s cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes, the market value of 
the Notes generally would not be expected to rise substantially above the redemption price.
If the Issuer redeems the Notes in any of the circumstances mentioned above, there is a risk that the Notes may be 
redeemed at times when the redemption proceeds are less than the current market value of the Notes or when 
prevailing interest rates may be relatively low, in which case Noteholders may only be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in securities with a lower yield. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Risks related to 
reinvesting risk”.
A Noteholder’s return on the Notes may be affected by inflation
The real return which an investor will receive on its Notes may be affected by inflation. Inflation risk is the risk that 
the future real value of an investment will be reduced by inflation over time, which could be caused by an increase 
in prices or a decrease in the value of money. Where inflation is high, as is the case in the current economic climate, 
it is possible that the real return which an investor will receive on its Notes will be reduced or will even be negative.
No tax gross-up obligation for payments of principal and limitations to the tax gross-up obligation for payments of 
interest
Investors should be aware that pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes there are no gross-up payments of 
principal in respect of the Notes.
In addition, pursuant to Condition 5 (Taxation), the Issuer will, among others, not be obliged to pay any additional 
amounts as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after such withholding 
or deduction shall be not less than the respective amounts of interest which would have been receivable in respect of 
the Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction to a holder who, at the time of its acquisition of the Notes, 
was not an Eligible Investor within the meaning of Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction 
of withholding tax or to a holder who was an Eligible Investor at the time of its acquisition of the Notes but, for 
reasons within the holder’s control, ceased to be an Eligible Investor or, at any relevant time on or after its acquisition 
of the Notes, otherwise failed to meet any other condition for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to 
the law of 6 August 1993 relating to transactions with certain securities. The application of this Condition, and the 
exemptions included therein, may therefore have an impact on the return which an investor receives on its Notes.
There are no events of default (other than in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer) allowing 
acceleration of the Notes if certain events occur
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not provide for events of default (other than in the event of a dissolution 
or liquidation of the Issuer as provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default)) allowing acceleration of the Notes if 
certain events occur (regardless of whether the Notes qualify as “Green Bonds”). Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to 
meet any obligations under the Notes, including the payment of any interest, investors will not have the right of 
acceleration of principal. The enforcement rights of investors are therefore limited, given that, upon a payment 
default, the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of 
principal or interest on the Notes will be the institution of proceedings for the dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer 
in Belgium.

--- Page 39 ---
Risk factors
39
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event and Capital Disqualification Event: substitution, variation or redemption at the 
option of the Issuer
If specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then following a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
(in case of Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes) or following a Capital Disqualification Event (in case of 
Subordinated Notes), the Issuer may, at its sole discretion and without the consent of the Noteholders, either substitute 
the relevant Notes, or vary their terms, so that they become or remain Qualifying Securities (see Condition 6(d) 
(Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes: Substitution and Variation)). If the Issuer has not opted to substitute or vary 
the Senior Notes or the Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes following a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event (in case of Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes) or a Capital 
Disqualification Event (in case of Subordinated Notes) (if specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), the relevant Notes may be redeemed early (in whole but not in part) at the Issuer’s sole option at a price that 
can be lower than the price at which the Notes were purchased. Please also see “The Issuer may redeem the Notes 
prior to their stated maturity, subject to certain conditions”.
The exercise of these rights by the Issuer may have an adverse effect on the position of holders of the Notes, although
Qualifying Securities need to be securities issued by the Issuer that have terms not materially less favourable than 
the terms of the substituted notes (and the Issuer will be required to have delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
to that effect signed by two members of the management board of the Issuer).
While the substitution or variation of the Notes, if any, will be the same for all holders of Senior Preferred Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, some holders may be more impacted than others. In addition, 
the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding any such substituted notes could be different for some categories of 
Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding such Notes prior to such substitution. In 
this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Tax laws of the investors’ jurisdictions and of the Issuer’s 
jurisdiction may have an impact on the value and liquidity of, and return on, the Notes and are subject to changes”.
The Senior Notes are intended and the Subordinated Notes may be intended to be MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments 
under the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations
Currently, global systemically important financial institutions (“G-SIBs”) have to meet, at all times, a MREL as well 
as the standard on total loss absorbing capacity (“TLAC”), which was set forth in a term sheet (the “FSB TLAC 
Term Sheet”) published by the Financial Stability Board (the “FSB”). The CRR II and BRRD give effect to the FSB 
TLAC Term Sheet and modified the requirements for MREL eligibility.
Because of the uncertainty surrounding the interaction between TLAC and MREL, the Issuer cannot provide any 
assurance that the Notes will be or remain MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments. If they are not MREL/TLAC-Eligible 
Instruments (or if they initially are MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments and subsequently become ineligible due to a 
change in Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations), then a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event may occur. Please 
also see “The Issuer may redeem the Notes prior to their stated maturity, subject to certain conditions”.
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and a credit rating reduction may result in a reduction in the trading value of 
the Notes
The Issuer has been and the Notes may be assigned a credit rating by one or more independent credit rating agencies. 
Where applicable, the expected credit ratings of the Notes will be set out in the Final Terms of the relevant Series of 
Notes. Other Series of Notes may be unrated and one or more credit rating agencies may assign unsolicited additional 
credit ratings to the Notes.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances while the registration application is pending. Certain information with 
respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 40 ---
Risk factors
40
Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”) unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.
There is no guarantee that any ratings will be assigned and/or maintained. The ratings (including any unsolicited 
ratings) may furthermore not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors (including a change of control affecting the Issuer) that may affect the value of 
the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn 
by the relevant rating agency at any time.
Finally, any negative change in or withdrawal of a rating assigned to the Issuer could adversely affect the trading 
price of the Notes, including where this would lead to a negative change in or withdrawal of a credit rating assigned 
to such Notes.
The Noteholders may be bound by amendments to (the Conditions of) the Notes to which they did not consent, which 
may result in less favourable terms of the Notes for all or certain Noteholders
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally, including modifications to the Terms and Conditions and/or a programme 
document and/or the substitution of the Issuer. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority or, as the case may be, who did not sign the relevant written resolution or provide their 
electronic consents for the passing of the relevant resolution.
In addition, pursuant to Condition 2(p) (Benchmark replacement), if a Benchmark Event occurs, certain changes may 
be made to the interest calculation and related provisions of the Resettable Notes, Floating Rate Notes and CMS-
Linked Interest Notes as well as the Agency Agreement in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such 
Condition, without the requirement for the consent of the Noteholders.
Accordingly, there is a risk that the terms of the Notes may be modified, waived or varied in circumstances where a 
Noteholder does not agree to such modification, waiver or variation, which may adversely impact the rights of such 
Noteholder. Such decisions may for example relate to a reduction of the amount to be paid by the Issuer upon 
redemption of the Notes, which would then impact the return an investor may receive on its Notes.
Tax laws of the investors’jurisdictions and of the Issuer’s jurisdiction may have an impact on the value and liquidity 
of, and return on, the Notes and are subject to changes
Payments of interest on the Notes, or profits realised by the Noteholder upon the sale or repayment of the Notes, may 
be subject to taxation in its home jurisdiction and/or in other jurisdictions in which it is required to pay taxes. This 
Base Prospectus includes general summaries of certain Belgian tax considerations relating to an investment in the 
Notes issued by the Issuer (see the section headed “Taxation on the Notes”). Such summaries may not apply to a 
particular holder of Notes or to a particular issue and do not cover all possible tax considerations. In addition, the tax 
treatment may change before the maturity, redemption or termination date of Notes. This may have an impact on the 
return which a Noteholder receives.
Furthermore, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are, save to the extent referred to therein, based on legislation 
in effect as at the date of issue of the Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or changes to the laws in Belgium, other jurisdictions (such as FATCA under US law) or on a supranational 
level (e.g. the EU Financial Transaction Tax) or in the administrative practice after the date of issue of the Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
Risk factors
41
Investors should note that the provisions of the Terms and Conditions contain certain provisions dealing with a 
change of law. Such provisions will be applied in accordance with the law in force at the relevant time.
In addition, any relevant tax law or practice applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus and/or the date of 
purchase or subscription of the Notes may change at any time (including during any subscription period or the term 
of the Notes). Any such change may have an adverse effect on a Noteholder, including that the Notes may be 
redeemed before their due date, their liquidity may decrease and/or the tax treatment of amounts payable or receivable 
by or to an affected Noteholder may be less than otherwise expected by such Noteholder.
Issuer substitution
If Condition 7 (Substitution of the Issuer) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may at 
any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, substitute itself as the principal debtor under the Notes a substitute 
company, provided that certain preconditions under Condition 7 (Substitution of the Issuer) are fulfilled. 
Notwithstanding each of these preconditions being satisfied prior to any such substitution, there can be no guarantee 
that any such substitution will not have an adverse effect on the price of the Notes and subsequently lead to losses 
for the Noteholders if they sell the Notes.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not contain covenants 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes place no restrictions on the amount of debt that the Issuer may issue. The 
issue of any such debt or securities may impact the amount recoverable by Noteholders upon liquidation or resolution 
of the Issuer. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “The Issuer is not prohibited from entering 
into or issuing further debt (which may rank pari passu with or senior to the Notes), and may be required to do so 
because of regulatory requirements, and any future debt may be on better terms than the Notes”.
In addition, the Notes do not require the Issuer to comply with financial ratios or otherwise limit its ability or that of 
its subsidiaries to incur additional debt, nor do they limit the Issuer’s ability to use cash to make investments or 
acquisitions, or the ability of the Issuer or its subsidiaries to pay dividends, repurchase shares or otherwise distribute 
cash to shareholders. Such actions could potentially affect the Issuer’s ability to service its debt obligations, including 
those of the Notes.
No Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, netting, compensation or retention in respect of any amount 
owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Notes
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, netting, compensation or retention 
in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in connection with the Notes and each Noteholder 
shall, by virtue of its subscription, purchase or holding of a Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-
off, netting, compensation and retention.
Reliance on the procedures of the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities 
Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD or other Securities Settlement System participants for 
transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer
The Notes may be issued in dematerialised form under the Belgian Companies and Associations Code and cannot be 
physically delivered. The Notes may be represented by book entries in the records of the Securities Settlement
System. Access to the Securities Settlement System is available through the Securities Settlement System participants 
whose membership extends to securities such as the Notes. The Securities Settlement System participants include 
certain banks, stockbrokers (beursvennootschappen/sociétés de bourse) and Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD.
Transfers of interests in the Notes will be effected between the Securities Settlement System participants in 
accordance with the rules and operating procedures of the Securities Settlement System. Transfers between investors 
will be effected in accordance with the respective rules and operating procedures of the Securities Settlement System 
participants through which they hold their Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
Risk factors
42
Neither the Issuer, nor any Agent will have any responsibility for the proper performance by the Securities Settlement 
System or the Securities Settlement System participants of their obligations under their respective rules and operating 
procedures.
A Noteholder must rely on the procedures of the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD to receive payments under the 
Notes. The Issuer nor any Agent will have no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made 
in respect of, the Notes within the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France or LuxCSD.
Risks related to Senior Non-Preferred Notes
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and are junior to certain obligations
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be issued pursuant to the provisions of Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking 
Law
(the “Senior Non-Preferred Law”)
and will be
direct, unconditional, senior and unsecured 
(chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times:
(a)
pari passu, without any preference among themselves, with all other Senior Non-Preferred Obligations, 
present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted by laws relating to creditors’ 
rights; 
(b)
senior to the Subordinated Notes and other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations; and 
(c)
junior to the present and future claims of (a) any unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer that are not creditors 
in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (b) all other present and future claims as may be preferred 
by laws of general application or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations.
The Issuer’s obligations under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will therefore rank junior in priority of payment to 
the Issuer’s Senior Preferred Obligations. The Issuer’s Senior Preferred Obligations include all of its deposit 
obligations, its obligations in respect of derivatives and other financial contracts, its unsubordinated debt securities 
(including the Senior Notes outstanding as of the date of entry into force of the Senior Non-Preferred Law and after 
the entry into force of the Senior Non-Preferred Law, the Senior Preferred Notes) and all unsubordinated or senior 
debt securities issued thereafter that are not expressed to be Senior Non-Preferred Obligations (including the Senior 
Preferred Notes). The Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to any claims arising from excluded liabilities within 
the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR (the “Excluded Liabilities”).
There is no restriction on the incurrence by the Issuer of additional Senior Preferred Obligations. As a consequence, 
if the Issuer enters into liquidation proceedings, it will be required to pay substantial amounts of Senior Preferred 
Obligations before any payment is made in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. In this respect, please also 
refer to the risk factor entitled “The Issuer is not prohibited from entering into or issuing further debt (which may 
rank pari passu with or senior to the Notes), and may be required to do so because of regulatory requirements, and 
any future debt may be on better terms than the Notes”.
In addition, if the Issuer enters into resolution, its eligible liabilities (including the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) will 
be subject to bail-in, meaning potential write-down or conversion into equity securities or other instruments, in the 
order of priority that would apply in liquidation proceedings. Because Senior Non-Preferred Obligations such as the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to Senior Preferred Obligations, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes would be 
written down or converted in full before any of the Issuer’s Senior Preferred Obligations were written down or 
converted. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible 
liabilities, including the Senior Notes, and write-down or conversion of tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments, including 
the Subordinated Notes”.

--- Page 43 ---
Risk factors
43
As a consequence, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes bear significantly more risk than holders of Senior 
Preferred Obligations and could lose all or a significant part of their investments if the Issuer were to enter into 
resolution or liquidation proceedings.
Risks related to Subordinated Notes
Holders of Subordinated Notes will be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer becomes non-viable or if the 
conditions for the exercise of resolution powers are met
Holders of Subordinated Notes will lose some or all of their investment as a result of a statutory write-down or 
conversion of the Subordinated Notes if the Issuer fails or is likely to fail, becomes non-viable, requires extraordinary 
public support or if otherwise the conditions for the exercise of resolution powers are met.
Under the Belgian law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions (the “Belgian Banking 
Law”) and Regulation 806/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform 
rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework 
of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Bank Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 
of the European Parliament and the Council (“Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation” or “SRMR”), the 
Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) may decide to write-down the Subordinated Notes or to convert 
the Subordinated Notes into common equity tier 1 capital of the Issuer if one or more of the following circumstances 
apply:
(a)
the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the Issuer meets the conditions for resolution specified in 
Article 244, §1 of the Belgian Banking Law; i.e., if the national resolution authority considers that all of the 
following conditions are met:
(i)
the determination that the Issuer is failing or is likely to fail has been made by the relevant regulator 
or the Relevant Resolution Authority (in each case, after consulting each other), which means that one 
or more of the following circumstances are present:
(A)
the Issuer infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination that the Issuer 
will, in the near future, infringe the requirements for continuing authorisation in a way that 
would justify the withdrawal of the authorisation by the competent authority, including but not 
limited to because the Issuer has incurred or is likely to incur losses that will deplete all or a 
significant amount of its own funds;
(B)
the assets of the Issuer are or there are objective elements to support a determination that the 
assets of the Issuer will, in the near future, be less than its liabilities;
(C)
the Issuer is or there are objective elements to support a determination that the Issuer will, in 
the near future, be unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; or
(D)
the Issuer requests extraordinary public financial support;
(ii)
having regard to timing and other relevant circumstances, there is no reasonable prospect that any 
alternative private sector measures or supervisory action taken in respect of the Issuer would prevent 
its failure within a reasonable timeframe; and
(iii)
a resolution action is necessary in the public interest; a resolution action will be deemed necessary in 
the public interest if it is necessary to meet one or more objectives referred to in Article 243, §1 of the 
Belgian Banking Law and a liquidation of the credit institution would not allow such objectives to be 
met in the same measure, in which case the Relevant Resolution Authority shall, in any event, exercise 
its write-down and conversion powers before taking any resolution action (including the use of the 
bail-in tool);

--- Page 44 ---
Risk factors
44
(b)
the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that unless the write-down or conversion power is exercised in 
relation to the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer will no longer be viable; or
(c)
the Issuer requests extraordinary public financial support.
The Relevant Resolution Authority must exercise its powers in accordance with the requirements laid down in the 
Belgian Banking Law. More specifically, Article 252 of the Belgian Banking Law provides that the Relevant 
Resolution Authority must apply the write-down and conversion powers in accordance with the ranking of the 
respective instruments in liquidation proceedings, and Article 267/8, §1 of the Belgian Banking Law provides the 
order in which eligible liabilities should be converted or written down in case the Relevant Resolution Authority 
decides to apply the bail-in tool. Tier 2 capital instruments of the Issuer (including the Subordinated Notes) will only 
be converted or written down following conversion or write-down of the Tier 1 capital instruments of the Issuer, but 
before all subordinated debt and other eligible liabilities of the Issuer that are not Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital instruments 
of the Issuer at the time of resolution.
When the Relevant Resolution Authority decides to write down the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes (in 
whole or in part), Article 253 of the Belgian Banking Law provides that, in principle, the effects of such write-down 
are permanent, the Issuer no longer has any obligation to the relevant Noteholders in connection with the amount so 
written down (excluding any obligations which have already become due and payable and any liability resulting from 
a judicial review of the legality of the decision to write-down the Subordinated Notes), and the Issuer owes no 
compensation to the relevant Noteholders (except that they may receive CET1 instruments in exchange/through 
conversion of (part) of their Notes in accordance with Article 254 of the Belgian Banking Law).
The purpose of the statutory write-down and conversion powers is to ensure that the Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital 
instruments of the Issuer (including the Subordinated Notes) fully absorb losses if one or more of the above 
circumstances apply and before any resolution action (including the use of the bail-in tool) is taken.
The exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of its write-down or conversion powers in relation to the 
Subordinated Notes, or the (perceived) prospect of such exercise, could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of the Subordinated Notes and could lead to the holders of Subordinated Notes losing some or all of their investment 
in the Subordinated Notes.
Furthermore, prior to the opening of any resolution proceedings, the Relevant Resolution Authority has the power to 
suspend any payment or delivery obligation arising from a contract to which a credit institution is a party when the 
conditions set out in Article 244/2 of the Belgian Banking law are met.
The legal basis for any resolution decisions taken by the SRB is the SRMR, which mirrors certain provisions of the 
BRRD. Any reference in this Base Prospectus to the provisions of the Belgian Banking Law implementing the BRRD 
must be read as also referring to the corresponding provisions in the SRMR, where relevant.
The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated
Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
will at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves.
In the event of dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer (including the following events creating a competition between 
creditors (“samenloop van schuldeisers/concours de créanciers”): bankruptcy (“faillissement/faillite”), judicial 
liquidation 
(“gerechtelijke 
vereffening/liquidation 
forcée”) 
or 
voluntary 
liquidation 
(“vrijwillige 
vereffening/liquidation volontaire”) (other than a voluntary liquidation in connection with a reconstruction, merger 
or amalgamation where the continuing corporation assumes all the liabilities of the Issuer)), the rights and claims of 
the holders of Subordinated Notes against the Issuer shall be for an amount equal to the principal amount of each 
Subordinated Note together with any amounts attributable to such Subordinated Notes (including any accrued but 
unpaid interest and any damages awarded for breach of any obligation under the Terms and Conditions) and shall

--- Page 45 ---
Risk factors
45
rank, subject to any obligations which are mandatorily preferred by law (including, without limitation, national laws 
governing insolvency proceedings of the Issuer):
(a)
junior to the claims of all Senior Creditors and Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors; 
(b)
pari passu without any preference among themselves and pari passu with the claims of holders of any other 
obligations or instruments of the Issuer which constitute, or would but for any applicable limitation on the 
amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 capital of the Issuer; and 
(c)
senior and in priority to (1) the claims of holders of all classes of share or other equity capital (including 
preference shares (if any)) of the Issuer, (2) the claims of holders of all obligations or instruments of the Issuer 
which, upon issue, constitute or constituted Tier 1 capital of the Issuer, and (3) the claims of holders of any 
other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated 
Notes.
The Subordinated Notes will generally pay a higher rate of interest than comparable securities that are not 
subordinated. However, there is an increased risk that an investor in the Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of 
its investment should the Issuer become insolvent taking into account the ranking of the Subordinated Notes.
In the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer, payment of the principal amount to a holder of Subordinated 
Notes will, by virtue of such subordination, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from 
unsubordinated claims with respect to the repayment of borrowed money, other unsubordinated rights and claims 
and higher ranking subordinated claims have been satisfied in full. If any such event occurs, the Issuer may not have 
enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due and payable under the Subordinated Notes. A 
holder of Subordinated Notes may therefore recover less than the holders of unsubordinated or prior ranking 
subordinated liabilities of the Issuer.
According to Article 48(7) of the BRRD 2 (as transposed into Belgian law by Article 389/1 of the Belgian Banking 
Law), liabilities resulting from fully or partially recognised own funds instruments (within the meaning of the CRR 
and including the Subordinated Notes for so long as they are fully or partially recognised own funds instruments) 
shall rank junior to all other liabilities. This would entail that, regardless of their contractual ranking, liabilities that
are no longer at least partially recognised as an own funds instrument for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior 
to any liabilities fully or partially recognised as an own funds instrument. Accordingly, in the event of a liquidation 
or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose 
claims arise from liabilities that are not or no longer fully or partially recognised as an own funds instrument (within 
the meaning of the CRR, and which could include some series of Subordinated Notes if they are no longer so 
recognised) in full before it can make any payments on Subordinated Notes which continue to be partially recognised 
as own funds instruments at the time of the opening of the liquidation or bankruptcy procedure.
Risks related to certain Notes which are linked to “benchmarks”; benchmark discontinuation
The regulation and reform of Benchmarks may adversely affect the value and liquidity of and return on certain Notes
Reference rates and indices, including interest rate benchmarks, such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), which are deemed to be ‘benchmarks’ (“Benchmarks”) and which may be used to determine the 
amounts payable under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments, are the subject of recent and 
on-going reforms. These reforms may cause Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, 
or to have other consequences which cannot be predicted.
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”), subject to certain transitional provisions, applies to 
the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a Benchmark and the use of a Benchmark within the 
European Union. Among other things, the Benchmarks Regulation (i) requires Benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if based outside the European Union, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of Benchmarks of administrators

--- Page 46 ---
Risk factors
46
that are not authorised or registered (or, if based outside the European Union, not deemed equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed). 
Pursuant to Article 28.2 of the Benchmarks Regulation, the Issuer must produce and maintain robust written plans 
setting out the actions that it would take in the event that a Benchmark materially changes or ceases to be provided. 
Reference is made to Condition 2(p) (Benchmark replacement) which provides for certain fall-back arrangements if 
a Benchmark Event occurs.
The Benchmarks Regulation could adversely affect any Notes referencing a Benchmark, in particular if the 
methodology or other terms of the relevant Benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the Benchmark. A Benchmark could also be 
discontinued as a result of the failure by a Benchmark administrator to be authorised or registered (or, if based outside 
the European Union, to be deemed equivalent or recognised or otherwise endorsed).
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain Benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the Benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the Benchmark or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of national or international reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations could have a material adverse effect on the value or and return on any Notes linked to, referencing or 
otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a Benchmark.
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to Notes linked to 
or referencing a Benchmark.
Following the implementation of any such reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may change, with 
the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or the Benchmark could be eliminated entirely, or there 
could be other consequences that cannot be predicted. The elimination of EURIBOR or any other Benchmark, 
changes in the manner of administration of any Benchmark, or any other Benchmark Event could require or result in 
an adjustment to the interest calculation and related provisions of the Terms and Conditions as well as the Agency 
Agreement (as further described in Condition 2(p) (Benchmark replacement)), and could result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any Notes referencing or linked to such Benchmark (including Resettable Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other Benchmark 
that is or may become the subject of reform).
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of successor or alternative 
reference rates and as to potential changes to a Benchmark may adversely affect Notes which reference such 
Benchmark, including the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for them. In particular, with respect to 
EURIBOR, the European Money Markets Institute, as administrator of EURIBOR, having failed with an attempt to 
evolve the EURIBOR methodology to a fully transaction-based methodology, has developed a hybrid methodology 
for the determination of EURIBOR that takes into account current transaction data, historical transaction data and 
modelled data based on expert opinions and has obtained regulatory authorisation under the Benchmarks Regulation 
for the EURIBOR so calculated. However, since reference rates relying on expert opinion and modelled data are 
widely regarded as potentially less representative than reference rates determined in a fully transaction-based 
approach and because central banks, supervisory authorities, expert groups and relevant markets thus are developing 
towards preferred use of risk-free overnight interest rates with a broad and active underlying market as reference 
rates, there is a risk that the use or provision of EURIBOR may come to an end in the medium or long term. Finally, 
under the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, the European Commission was also granted powers to designate a

--- Page 47 ---
Risk factors
47
replacement for certain critical benchmarks contained in contracts governed by the laws of an EU Member State 
(such as the Notes), where that contract does not already contain a suitable fallback. There can be no assurance, that 
the fallback provisions of the Notes would be considered suitable. Accordingly, there is a risk that any Notes linked 
to or referencing a benchmark would be transitioned to a replacement Benchmark selected by the European 
Commission. There is no certainty at this stage what any such replacement benchmark would be.
Condition 2(p) (Benchmark Replacement) provides for certain fall-back arrangements in the event that a Benchmark 
Event occurs in respect of the Original Reference Rate and/or any page on which such Benchmark may be published 
(or any other successor service) becomes unavailable. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the 
Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate, with the application of an Adjustment Spread (which could be positive, negative or zero), 
and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the new 
Benchmark, all as determined by the Issuer (acting in good faith and in consultation with a Reference Rate 
Determination Agent, which may or may not be the same entity as the Calculation Agent) and as more fully described 
at Condition 2(p) (Benchmark replacement). However, the Issuer will not be required to implement a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate or any Adjustment Spread or make any amendments to the Terms and Conditions of 
any Notes if, and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result 
in (i) a change in the regulatory classification of the Notes giving rise to a Capital Disqualification Event (in the case 
of Subordinated Notes) or a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes) 
and/or (ii) (in the case of Senior Notes) the Relevant Resolution Authority and/or the Lead Regulator treating the 
next reset date or the next Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant 
Maturity Date. It is possible that the adoption of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate, including any 
Adjustment Spread, may result in any Notes linked to or referencing the Original Reference Rate performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate 
were to continue to apply in its current form. There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate 
as expected or intended at the relevant time.
Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for 
a particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or, in the case of 
Reset Notes, the application of the previous reset Rate of Interest for a preceding Reset Period, or for the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the application of the Initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest 
Commencement Date.
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes to which the 
fall-back arrangements are applicable. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the 
setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the relevant, Notes, such as the Resettable Notes, Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes (as 
applicable), or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
relevant Notes, such as the Resettable Notes, Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes (as applicable).
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Notes, 
including Resettable Notes, Floating Rate Notes and CMS-Linked Interest Notes.
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Notes
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(“SONIA”) as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In 
particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA, 
including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA 
rate over a designated term). The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs

--- Page 48 ---
Risk factors
48
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference a SONIA rate 
issued under this Prospectus. Interest on Notes which reference a SONIA rate is only capable of being determined at 
the end of the relevant Observation Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be 
difficult for investors in Notes which reference a SONIA rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will 
be payable on such Notes. Further, if the Notes become due and payable under Condition 11 (Events of Default), the 
Rate of Interest payable shall be determined on the date the Notes became due and payable and shall not be reset 
thereafter. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
Notes.
As the use of €STR as a reference rate for Notes develops, there is a risk that Notes that use €STR as reference rate 
may differ from other €STR products which were legacy IBOR-referenced (which could reduce liquidity, increase 
volatility or impact market prices) and mismatch with associated loan and derivative products
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs significantly from that 
set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Notes that reference a risk free rate issued 
under the Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing the Euro Short-Term Rate (“€STR”)
that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Compounded Daily €STR-
referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. Each of these eventualities could reduce liquidity, increase 
volatility or otherwise affect the market price of such Notes. The development of Compounded Daily €STR as interest 
reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of €STR-based rates for such markets 
and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any €STR-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of €STR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of €STR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. There could be mismatches between the adoption of €STR reference rates across these markets which may 
impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which may be put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of Notes referencing €STR.
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference Compounded Daily €STR is only capable of being determined at the 
end of the relevant Observation Period or Interest Period (as applicable) and immediately prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. In contrast to, for example, EURIBOR-based Notes, if Notes referencing Compounded Daily €STR 
become due and payable as a result of an event of default under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or are 
otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest payable for the final 
Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined on the date on which the Notes become due and 
payable. Therefore, it may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference Compounded Daily €STR to estimate 
reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling 
to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such 
Notes. 
Since €STR is a relatively new market index, Notes which reference €STR may have no established trading market 
when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
securities indexed to €STR such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over 
time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. 
Further, if €STR does not prove to be widely used in securities like Notes which reference Compounded Daily €STR, 
the trading price of such Notes which reference Compounded Daily €STR may be lower than those of Notes linked 
to indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be 
able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a 
developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There 
can also be no guarantee that €STR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially 
adverse to the interests of investors in Notes which reference Compounded Daily €STR. If the manner in which 
Compounded Daily €STR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest

--- Page 49 ---
Risk factors
49
payable on such Notes and the trading prices of such Notes. Accordingly, an investment in Notes using €STR as a 
reference rate may entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in conventional debt securities.
As the use of SOFR as a reference rate for Notes develops, there is a risk that Notes that use SOFR as reference rate 
may differ from other SOFR products, which could reduce liquidity, increase volatility or otherwise affect the market 
price of such Notes
The market continues to develop in relation to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) as a reference rate 
in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to LIBOR. The selection of SOFR as the alternative reference 
rate currently presents certain market concerns, because a term structure for SOFR has not yet developed and there 
is not yet a generally accepted methodology for adjusting SOFR, which represents an overnight, risk-free rate, so 
that it will be comparable to LIBOR, which has various tenors and reflects a risk component. The market or a 
significant part thereof may adopt an application of SOFR that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of Notes referencing a SOFR rate that are issued pursuant to the Programme. Furthermore, the Issuer may 
in the future issue Notes referencing SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared 
with any previous SOFR-referenced Notes issued by it under the Programme. Each of these eventualities could 
reduce liquidity, increase volatility or otherwise affect the market price of such Notes. 
The continued development of SOFR-based rates for the U.S. market and the market infrastructure for adopting such 
rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SOFR-
referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. Because the Secured Overnight Financing Rate is 
published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (“FRBNY”) based on data received from other sources, the 
issuing entity has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that SOFR 
will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of the investors 
in the Notes linked to SOFR. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and the trading prices of such Notes.
The FRBNY began to publish SOFR in April 2018. The FRBNY has also begun publishing historical indicative 
SOFR going back to 2014. Investors should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of 
future changes in SOFR. Also, since SOFR is a relatively new market index, Notes using SOFR as reference rate 
will likely have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or 
may not be very liquid. Markets terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR, such as the spread over the index reflected 
in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of the Notes may be lower than those of later-
issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities like the 
Notes, the trading price of Notes linked to SOFR may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are more 
widely used. Investors in the Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at 
prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, 
and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk.
Risks related to Notes which qualify as “Green Bonds” which have a particular use of proceeds identified in 
the applicable Final Terms 
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not meet investor expectations or requirements
As described in the sections “Use of Proceeds” and “Green Bond Framework”, the Issuer has established a green 
bond framework (as amended and/or supplemented from time to time, the “Green Bond Framework”) and the Final 
Terms relating to a specific issue of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equivalent 
to the net proceeds of the issue of those Notes to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, loans and investments 
realised by the Issuer to finance projects and/or assets (“Eligible Green Assets”), as described in the applicable Final 
Terms and in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (such Notes being referred to as “Green Bonds”). For the 
avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest on the relevant Green Bonds shall not depend on the 
performance of the relevant projects nor have any preferred right against such assets.

--- Page 50 ---
Risk factors
50
While the applicable Final Terms may indicate that it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to 
the net proceeds of the Green Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the sections “Use of Proceeds”
and “Green Bond Framework” and in the applicable Final Terms, the application may not be capable of being 
implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any timeframe, and it is possible that 
such amount may not be totally or partially disbursed as planned, for reasons that are outside the Issuer’s control or 
which the Issuer is not able to anticipate. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Bonds or the activities or 
projects they finance and/or refinance will have the results or outcome (whether or not related to environmental, 
sustainability or other objectives) originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets. 
Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Green Bonds in connection with green or sustainable projects, and/or any 
failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors 
with respect to such Green Bonds, may affect the value and/or trading price of the Green Bonds, and/or may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable assets.
In connection with each issue of Green Bonds under the Programme, the Issuer has requested Sustainalytics, a 
sustainability rating agency, to issue an independent opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) confirming the 
sustainability of the Green Bond Framework and alignment of it with the International Capital Market Association 
(“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles 2018 (the “ICMA Green Bond Principles”). The ICMA Green Bond Principles 
are a set of voluntary guidelines that recommend transparency and disclosure and promote integrity in the 
development of the green bond market, which may be updated from time to time. The Second Party Opinion is 
available on the website of the Issuer (https://www.belfius.be/about-us/en/investors/debt-issuance). The Second 
Party Opinion and the contents of such website do not form part of, and are not incorporated by reference into, this 
Base Prospectus. 
No assurance is or can be given to investors by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other person that any 
projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Bonds will meet or continue to meet on an ongoing basis any 
or all investor expectations regarding “green”, “sustainable”, “social” or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”) 
or Regulation (EU) 2020/852 as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA) or that 
any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or 
uses the subject of, or related to, the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework. It should be noted that there is currently no 
clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”
or “sustainable” or an equivalently labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project 
to be defined as such. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is subject to further development through delegated regulations. 
The European Green Bond Standard has been introduced by Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 22 November 2023 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as 
environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds (the “EU Green Bond Regulation”). The EU Green 
Bond Regulation has been published in the Official Journal on 30 November 2023, with entry into force 20 days 
after publication. It will start to apply 12 months after entry into force, thus in December 2024. The EU Green Bond 
Regulation introduces a voluntary label for issuers of green use of proceeds bonds (such as Green Bonds) where the 
proceeds will be invested in economic activities aligned with the EU Taxonomy. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, any Green Bonds issued under this Programme are not issued in accordance with the requirements of the 
EU Green Bond Regulation and are not expected to be aligned with the European Green Bond Standard. The Green 
Bonds are intended to comply with the criteria and processes set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework only, 
which predates the adoption of the European Green Bond Standard but may be updated in the future to take this into 
account. It is not clear at this stage which impact the European Green Bond Standard may have on investor demand 
for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as the Green Bonds) that do not meet such standard. It could 
reduce demand and liquidity for the Green Bonds and their price.

--- Page 51 ---
Risk factors
51
There can be no assurance by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other persons that the use of the net proceeds 
of Green Bonds identified in the applicable Final Terms will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
legislative or regulatory requirements (including the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the European Green Bond 
Standard), or any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or 
guidelines with which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors 
described in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (see the section “Green Bond Framework”) and the applicable 
Final Terms and determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any 
applicable Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of the Green Bonds, based upon such 
investigation as it deems necessary. 
Further, although the Issuer may agree at the Issue Date of any Green Bonds to certain allocation and/or impact 
reporting and to use the proceeds for the financing and/or refinancing of green projects (as specified in the applicable
Final Terms), it would not (a) be an event of default under the Green Bonds which would entitle the Noteholders to 
accelerate the Notes; (b) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer 
in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes or (c) impact the 
regulatory treatment of the Green Bonds (i) if the Issuer were to fail to comply with such agreement or were to fail 
to use the proceeds in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms or if the use is completed but leads to a 
result not originally anticipated, (ii) if the Second Party Opinion were to be withdrawn or be no longer valid or 
renewed, (iii) in case of any failure by the Issuer to comply with any ESG target or with regard to the expected 
performance of Eligible Green Assets and/or (iv) if there would be a lack of eligible green assets in which the Issuer 
may invest. Any failure to use an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of any Series of Green Bonds towards the 
financing and/or refinancing of the Eligible Green Assets, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, any 
investor expectations or requirements as to their “green” or equivalent characteristics, including the failure to 
provide, or the withdrawal of, the Second Party Opinion, the Green Bonds ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading 
on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market or the failure by the Issuer to report on the use of proceeds or 
the Eligible Green Assets as anticipated, may have a material adverse effect on the value and/or trading price of such 
Green Bonds, and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or 
sustainable assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Green Bonds as a result of the Green Bonds 
not falling within the investor’s investment criteria or mandate).
Issuances of Green Bonds remain subject to CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements as well as bail-in and 
write-down or conversion powers.
Notwithstanding any use of the net proceeds of the Green Bonds identified in the applicable Final Terms, investors 
should note that (i) such transactions will be fully subject to the CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities instruments, as applicable, and, as such, proceeds from Green Bonds qualifying as 
own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their green 
label, (ii) the Green Bonds can be subject to bail-in and write-down or conversion powers and (iii) this will not affect 
the particular status of such Green Bonds as identified in the applicable Final Terms, including, as applicable, in 
terms of subordination, loss absorbency features and regulatory treatment. In this respect, please also refer to the risk 
factors entitled “Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible liabilities, including the Senior Notes, and write-down or 
conversion of tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments, including the Subordinated Notes”, “Risks related to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes – The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations” and “Risks related to the Subordinated Notes – The Issuer’s obligations under the Subordinated Notes 
will be subordinated”.
No assurance of suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion 
or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection 
with each issue of any Green Bonds and in particular as to whether or not any Eligible Green Assets fulfil any

--- Page 52 ---
Risk factors
52
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification (including the Second Party Opinion) (i) is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated by reference in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus, (ii) may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, 
market, additional risk factors discussed in this section and other factors that may affect the value of any Green 
Bonds, (iii) is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold Green Bonds and (iv) would only be current as of the date that it was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the 
information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment 
in the Green Bonds (subject to any (limitation of) liability statement contained in such opinion, report or 
certification). Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory 
or other regime or oversight, it being understood that the EU Green Bond Regulation will require issuers to appoint 
independent EU regulated external reviewers (in order to obtain the voluntary label). As set out above, however, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, any Green Bonds issued under this Programme are not issued in accordance with 
the requirements of the EU Green Bond Regulation and are not expected to be aligned with the European Green 
Bond Standard.
No Event of Default or breach of contract
While the applicable Final Terms may indicate that it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the 
net proceeds of any Notes issued as Green Bonds for Eligible Green Assets as described in the applicable Final 
Terms, there is no contractual obligation on it to do so or to report on the use of proceeds or Eligible Green Assets.
There can be no assurance that any such Eligible Green Assets will be available or capable of being implemented in 
the manner anticipated and, accordingly, that the Issuer will be able to use such amounts for such Eligible Green 
Assets as intended. In addition, there can be no assurance that the Eligible Green Assets will be completed as expected 
or achieve the impacts or outcomes (environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated, and any 
such failure will not constitute an Event of Default or breach of contract with respect to any Notes issued as Green 
Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, a failure by the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the proceeds of any Notes 
issued as Green Bonds or to report on the use of such amounts or Eligible Green Assets as anticipated or a failure of 
a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or certification in connection with an issue of Green Bonds or the 
failure of the Notes issued as Green Bonds to meet investors’ expectations requirements regarding any “green” or 
similar labels or any failure by the Issuer to meet any ESG target or objective will not constitute an Event of Default 
or breach of contract with respect to any Notes issued as Green Bonds.
Notes issued as Green Bonds are not linked to the performance of the Eligible Green Assets, do not benefit from any 
arrangements to enhance the performance of the Green Bonds or any contractual rights derived solely from the 
intended use of proceeds of such Green Bonds
The performance of the Green Bonds is not linked to the performance of the Eligible Green Assets or the performance 
of the Issuer in respect of any environmental or similar targets. There will be no segregation of assets and liabilities 
in respect of the Green Bonds and the Eligible Green Assets. Consequently, neither payments of principal and/or 
interest (if any) on the Green Bonds nor any rights of Noteholders shall depend on the performance of the Eligible 
Green Assets or the performance of the Issuer in respect of any such environmental or similar targets. Holders of any 
Green Bonds shall have no preferential rights or priority against the assets of the Eligible Green Assets nor benefit 
from any arrangements to enhance the performance of the Notes.
Risks related to the terms of the Notes
Risks related to Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Floating to Fixed Rate Notes
Notes which are “Fixed to Floating Rate Notes” or “Floating to Fixed Rate Notes” may bear interest at a rate that the 
Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s 
ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market for, and the market value of, such Notes, since the

--- Page 53 ---
Risk factors
53
Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than the prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than the then prevailing rates on its other Notes.
The reset of the rate of interest of Resettable Notes may affect the secondary market for and the market value of such 
Notes
In the case of any Series of Resettable Notes, the rate of interest on such Resettable Notes will be reset by reference 
to the then prevailing Mid-Swap Rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin, on the reset dates specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. This is more particularly described in Condition 2(b) (Rate of Interest on Resettable Notes).
The reset of the rate of interest in accordance with such provisions may affect the secondary market for and the 
market value of such Resettable Notes. Following any such reset of the rate of interest applicable to the Notes, the 
First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on the relevant Resettable Notes may be lower 
than the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest and/or any previous Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest.
Risks related to foreign currency Notes
As purchasers of foreign currency Notes, investors are exposed to the risk of changing foreign exchange rates. This 
risk is in addition to any performance risk that relates to the Issuer or the type of Note being issued.
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency 
unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency or the Specified Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (i) the equivalent yield on the Notes in the Investor’s Currency, (ii) the equivalent value of 
the principal payable on the Notes in the Investor’s Currency and (iii) the equivalent market value of the Notes in the 
Investor’s Currency.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes
A key difference between Floating Rate Notes, on the one hand, and Fixed Rate Notes, on the other, is that interest 
income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to 
determine a definite yield for Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment 
cannot be compared with that of investments bearing fixed interest rate.
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to greater price fluctuations than non-discounted notes
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the 
prices of interest-bearing Notes because the discounted issue prices can be substantially below par. If market interest 
rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit 
rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high 
price risk.

--- Page 54 ---
Risk factors
54
Risks related to the trading markets
A Noteholder’s actual yield on the Notes may be reduced from the stated yield by transaction costs
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and commissions) are 
incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These incidental costs may significantly reduce or even 
exclude the profit potential of the Notes. For instance, credit institutions as a rule charge their clients for own 
commissions which are either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata commissions depending on the order value. 
To the extent that additional – domestic or foreign – parties are involved in the execution of an order, including, but 
not limited to, domestic dealers or brokers in foreign markets, Noteholders must take into account that they may also 
be charged for the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of such parties (third party costs).
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of securities (direct costs), Noteholders must also take into 
account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Investors should inform themselves about any additional costs 
incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the Notes before investing in the Notes.
Risks related to the trading market and liquidity of the Notes
The Notes may have no established trading market or, if a market does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is the case for Notes that are particularly sensitive 
to interest rate, exchange rates or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have 
been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally 
would have a more limited secondary market and a higher price volatility than conventional debt securities. The 
liquidity of the Notes may also be affected by a downgrade of the credit ratings of the Issuer. In this respect, please 
also refer to the risk factor entitled “Credit ratings may not reflect all risks and a credit rating reduction may result 
in a reduction in the trading value of the Notes”. A decrease in liquidity may have an adverse effect on the market 
value of the Notes. In addition, where a Noteholder is seeking to achieve a sale of the Notes within a short timeframe, 
such lower liquidity will negatively impact the selling price of the Notes.
Risks related to reinvesting risk
The Noteholders are exposed to the reinvestment risk in several situations. For example, reinvestment risk arises in 
a declining interest rate environment because Noteholders will only be able to reinvest the principal and/or interest 
paid to them at lower interest rates compared to the interest rates prevailing at the time they subscribed the Notes. 
Reinvestment risk can be increased by the fact that Notes may include a redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call 
Option). If a Call Option is provided to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem all or, if 
so provided, some of the Notes on the date or dates so provided. The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes among 
others when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. In this respect, please also refer to the 
risk factor entitled “The Issuer may redeem the Notes prior to their stated maturity, subject to certain conditions”.
The market value of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may fluctuate more than on conventional 
interest-bearing securities
The market values of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.
Impact of conversion and bail-in powers on listings
To the extent the Subordinated Notes are written-down or converted or the Senior Notes are bailed-in (i.e., written 
down or converted) pursuant to the Belgian Banking Law or otherwise, it is possible that any securities issued upon 
write-down, bail-in or conversion of the Notes will not meet the listing requirements of any securities exchange, and 
it is possible that the outstanding listed securities are delisted from the securities exchanges on which they are listed.

--- Page 55 ---
Risk factors
55
It is likely that any securities the Noteholders will receive upon the exercise of the write-down, bail-in or conversion 
power will not be listed for at least an extended period of time, if at all. Additionally, there may be limited, if any, 
disclosure with respect to the business, operations or financial statements of the Issuer at the time any securities are 
issued upon conversion of the Subordinated Notes or the Senior Notes, or the disclosure may not be current to reflect 
changes in the business, operations or financial statements as a result of the exercise of the write-down, bail-in or 
conversion power. As a result, there may not be an active market for any securities Noteholders may hold after the 
exercise of the write-down, bail-in or conversion powers.

--- Page 56 ---
Documents incorporated by reference
56
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with:
(i)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out at pages 50 to 104 of the Base Prospectus dated 3 May 2022 relating 
to Belfius Bank’s EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme, available on 
https://www.belfius.be/about-us/dam/corporate/investors/debt-issuances/emtn-programme/-prospectus-and-supplements-
/Belfius%20Bank%20-%202022%20EMTN%20Programme%20-%20Base%20Prospectus.pdf.pdf
(ii)
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out at pages 58 to 115 of the Base Prospectus dated 3 May 2023 relating 
to Belfius Bank’s EUR 10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme, available on 
https://www.belfius.be/about-us/dam/corporate/investors/debt-issuances/emtn-programme/-prospectus-and-
supplements-/Belfius_2023%20EMTN%20Update_Base%20Prospectus%2020230503.pdf
(iii)
the audited consolidated accounts of Belfius Bank for the financial year ended 31 December 2023, including the 
report of the statutory auditors in respect thereof; available on
https://www.belfius.be/about-us/dam/corporate/investors/ratios-en-rapporten/belfius-reports/en/Annual-Report-
2023-EN.pdf
(iv)
the audited consolidated accounts of Belfius Bank for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, including the 
report of the statutory auditors in respect thereof; available on
https://www.belfius.be/about-us/dam/corporate/investors/ratios-en-rapporten/belfius-
reports/en/Annual%20Report%20Belfius%20Bank%202022%20-%20ENG.pdf
(v)
the disclosure document on “Alternative Performance Measures” for the financial year ended 31 December 2023;
available on
https://www.belfius.be/about-us/dam/corporate/investors/ratios-en-rapporten/belfius-reports/en/2023-APM.pdf
(vi)
the disclosure document on “Alternative Performance Measures” for the financial year ended 31 December 2022; 
available on
https://www.belfius.be/about-us/dam/corporate/investors/ratios-en-rapporten/belfius-
reports/en/2022%20Alternative%20Performance%20Measures.pdf
Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of 
this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available on the website 
of the Issuer (www.belfius.be/about-us/en/investors) and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for (a) in relation to the 2022 and 2023 Annual Reports of Belfius 
Bank, (i) the consolidated balance sheet, (ii) the consolidated statement of income, (iii) the consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income, (iv) the consolidated statement of change in equity, (v) the consolidated cash flow statement, 
(vi) the audit report on the consolidated accounts, (vii) the notes to the consolidated financial statements, (viii) the non-
consolidated balance sheet, (ix) the non-consolidated statement of income and (x) the audit report on the non-consolidated 
accounts and (b) in relation to the 2022 and 2023 disclosure documents on “Alternative Performance Measures”, the 
relevant alternative performance measures.

--- Page 57 ---
Documents incorporated by reference
57
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the tables below does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus. Such information is either deemed not relevant for investors or is covered elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus. To the extent that any document or information which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus itself incorporates any document or information by reference, either express or implied, such document or 
information will not form part of this Base Prospectus, except where such document or information is specifically stated 
to be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or where this Base Prospectus is specifically defined as including 
such document or information.
The consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statement of income of Belfius Bank for the years 2022 and 2023 can 
also be found in the section headed “Selected Financial Information” on pages 154 to 158 of this Base Prospectus.
Audited consolidated accounts of Belfius Bank for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023
Belfius Bank SA/NV
Annual Report 2022
(English Version)
Annual Report 2023
(English Version)
consolidated balance sheet
261-262
164-166
consolidated statement of income
263
167
consolidated statement of comprehensive income
264-265
168-169
consolidated statement of change in equity
266-270
170-174
consolidated cash flow statement
271-272
175-176
notes to the consolidated financial statements
273-420
177-344
audit report on the consolidated accounts
421-426
345-353
non-consolidated balance sheet
428-429
355-356
non-consolidated statement of income
431-432
358-359
audit report on the non-consolidated accounts
433
-
Alternative performance measures for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023
Belfius Bank SA/NV
Alternative 
performance 
measures 2022
Alternative 
performance 
measures 2023
common equity tier 1 ratio
1
1
tier 1 ratio
1
1
total capital ratio
1
1
leverage ratio
2
2
solvency II ratio
2
2
liquidity coverage ratio
2
2
net stable funding ratio
2
2
net interest margin
3
3
cost-income ratio
3
3

--- Page 58 ---
Documents incorporated by reference
58
credit cost ratio
3
3
asset quality ratio
4
4
coverage ratio
4
4
return on equity
4
4
return on assets
4
4
return on normative regulatory equity
5
5
total savings and investments of commercial activities
5
5
total loans to customers
6
6
ALM liquidity bond portfolio
6
6
ALM yield bond portfolio
7
7
credit guarantee portfolio
7
7
funding diversification
7
7
life income margin
8
-
non-life expense ratio
9
8
non-life net loss ratio
9
9
adjusted results
10
9

--- Page 59 ---
Prospectus supplement
59
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus which, 
once approved by the CSSF in its capacity as the competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, in respect of 
any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or on any other regulated market in the European Economic Area (subject to notification of the approval 
of the supplement in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation), shall constitute a prospectus 
supplement in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if, at any time during the duration of the Programme, there 
is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this 
Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and 
the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement (in accordance with 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement 
hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 60 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
60
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, save for the paragraphs in italics that shall not 
form part of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In the case of any Series of Notes which are admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in a Member State, the applicable Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in 
this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in 
respect of any Series of Notes may complete any information in this Base Prospectus. 
References in these terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series 
only, not to all Notes that may be issued under Belfius Bank’s EUR 15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”). All capitalised terms which are not defined in these Terms and Conditions will have 
the meanings given to them or refer to information specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The Notes are issued pursuant to (i) an agency agreement dated on or about 2 May 2024 (as amended or supplemented 
as at the date of issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “Agency Agreement”) between Belfius Bank SA/NV 
(“Belfius Bank” or the “Issuer”) and Belfius Bank SA/NV in its capacity as fiscal agent for the Notes (in such 
capacity, the “Fiscal Agent”, which term shall include such other entity appointed as the Fiscal Agent from time to 
time pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement), and the other agents named in it or appointed from time to 
time pursuant to the terms thereof and (ii) a service contract for the issuance of fixed income securities dated on or 
about 2 May 2024 (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, the “Clearing Services Agreement”) between 
the Issuer, Belfius Bank SA/NV in its capacity as paying agent for the Notes and the National Bank of Belgium (the 
“NBB”). The paying agents, and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below, respectively, 
as the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall, unless the context requires otherwise, include the Fiscal Agent), 
and the “Calculation Agent(s)”. The Noteholders (as defined below) are deemed to have notice of all of the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Clearing Services Agreement applicable to them. As used in these Terms 
and Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (or in all respects except for the date for 
and amount of the first payment of interest) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche 
or Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the issue date, issue price and date 
of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Clearing Services Agreement are available for inspection free of charge at 
the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents.
Where these Terms and Conditions refer to any computation of a term or period of time, Article 1.7 of the Belgian 
Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek/Code Civil) of 13 April 2019 (the “Belgian Civil Code”) shall not apply to the extent 
inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions.
In these Terms and Conditions, any reference to any code, law, decree, regulation, directive or any implementing or 
other legislative measure shall be construed as a reference to such code, law, decree, regulation, directive or 
implementing or other legislative measure as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from 
time to time.
Any Condition may derogate either expressly or implicitly from applicable legal provisions. Even if there is no 
express derogation from a specific legal provision, the relevant Condition may still implicitly derogate from legal 
provisions (for instance by providing for a different contractual regime).
1
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes are issued in dematerialised form in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final 
Terms provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in

--- Page 61 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
61
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, 
the minimum Specified Denomination shall be EUR 100,000 and integral multiples of EUR 100,000 (or, in 
each case, its equivalent in any other currency as at the Issue Date). 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
Notes are issued in dematerialised form via a book-entry system maintained in the records of the NBB as 
operator of the Securities Settlement System in accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations Code 
and will be credited to the accounts held with the Securities Settlement System by Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”), Clearstream Banking Frankfurt (“Clearstream”), SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”), Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
(“Euronext Securities Milan”), Interbolsa S.A. (“Euronext Securities Porto”), Euroclear France SA
(“Euroclear France”), LuxCSD S.A. (“LuxCSD”) or other Securities Settlement System participants for credit 
by Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, 
LuxCSD or other Securities Settlement System participants to the securities accounts of their subscribers.
In these Terms and Conditions, “Securities Settlement System” means the settlement system operated by the 
NBB or any successor thereto.
Transfers of Notes will be effected only through records maintained by the Securities Settlement System, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France and 
LuxCSD or other Securities Settlement System participants and in accordance with the applicable procedures 
of the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext 
Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD or other Securities Settlement System participants. Except as 
ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note 
shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating 
the holder.
Noteholders are entitled to exercise the rights they have, including voting rights, making requests, giving 
consents, and other associative rights (as defined in Article 7:41 of the Belgian Companies and Associations
Code) upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, 
SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD or any other 
participant duly licensed in Belgium to keep dematerialised securities showing such Noteholder’s position in 
the Notes (or the position held by the financial institution through which such Noteholder’s Notes are held with 
the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext 
Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD or such other participant, in which case an affidavit drawn up by 
that financial institution will also be required).
In these Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final Terms, “Noteholder” means and “holder” means in 
respect of a Note, the person evidenced as holding the Note by the book-entry system maintained in the records 
of the NBB, or any of the other relevant clearing systems or financial intermediaries as set out above.
If, at any time, the Notes are transferred to any other clearing system which is not exclusively operated by the 
NBB (such clearing system an “Alternative Clearing System”), these Terms and Conditions shall apply 
mutatis mutandis in respect of such Notes. 
2
Interest and Other Calculations
(a)
Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
(i)
General. Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal (subject as provided in Condition 2(h)) to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable

--- Page 62 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
62
in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 2(i).
(ii)
Step-Up Notes. If, in relation to any Fixed Rate Note, the applicable Final Terms specify such 
Notes as being “Step-Up Notes”, the Issuer shall on each Interest Payment Date pay interest on 
such Notes in accordance with Condition 2(a)(i) at a Rate of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that such Rate of Interest shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of each Interest Period and shall increase on successive Interest Periods as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.
(b)
Rate of Interest on Resettable Notes
Each Resettable Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount:
(i)
from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the First Resettable Note 
Reset Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Initial Rate of Interest;
(ii)
at the First Reset Rate of Interest from and including the First Resettable Note Reset Date, to but 
excluding:
(A)
the Second Resettable Note Reset Date, if such a Second Resettable Note Reset Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or
(B)
the Maturity Date, if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and
(iii)
for each Subsequent Reset Period (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Subsequent Reset Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms,
such interest being payable in arrear on each Resettable Note Interest Payment Date.
The amount of interest payable shall, in each case, be determined in accordance with Condition 2(i).
Save as otherwise provided herein, the provisions applicable to Fixed Rate Notes shall apply to 
Resettable Notes.
(c)
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest Notes
(i)
General. Each Floating Rate Note and CMS-Linked Interest Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in accordance with the provisions below relating 
to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The CMS Rate, the CMS Rate 1 and the CMS Rate 2, as the case may be, in respect of 
CMS-Linked Interest Notes shall be determined as set out in the definition of CMS Rate, CMS 
Rate 1 and CMS Rate 2, respectively, in Condition 2(n) below. In each case, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Condition 2(c) and the 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 2(i).
(ii)
ISDA Determination. Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under

--- Page 63 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
63
a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which:
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(B)
the Designated Maturity is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
(iii)
Screen Rate Determination (Notes other than CMS-Linked Interest Notes). In relation to 
Notes other than CMS-Linked Interest Notes, where Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided in Condition 2(h) and 
Condition 2(p) below, be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. The amount 
of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 2(i).
For the purposes of the foregoing (other than for Resettable Notes): 
(x)
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (iii)(A) above applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (iii)(B)
above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page in each case as at the Relevant Time, subject as provided below, the Calculation 
Agent shall request the principal Eurozone office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
and
(y)
if paragraph (x) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or 
any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the 
Eurozone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the

--- Page 64 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
64
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are, in the opinion of the Issuer, suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the 
last preceding Interest Determination Date or (if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest 
Commencement Date) or (in the case of the first Interest Period to which a floating Rate 
of Interest applies under the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes) the last observable rate for the 
Reference Rate which appeared on the Relevant Screen Page prior to the Interest 
Determination Date in question (though substituting, in any such case, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period). 
(z)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded SONIA
Where the Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and the Reference Rate is 
specified in the Final Terms as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided in Condition 2(p) (Benchmark Replacement), be 
Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such an Interest Accrual Period, plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, 
the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as 
any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date.
“Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
where:

--- Page 65 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
65
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London;
“ni”, for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day;
“Observation Look-back Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
“p” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking Days 
included in the Observation Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case on the London 
Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA reference rate for the London Banking Day falling “p”
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”.
If, in respect of any London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall 
be: (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business 
on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA Reference 
Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Reference Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that 
is to replace the SONIA Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it 
is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA 
Reference Rate for purposes of the relevant Series of Notes for so long as the SONIA 
Reference Rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
If, on any Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of Interest 
for the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the

--- Page 66 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
66
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have 
been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first 
Interest Accrual Period).
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due 
and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes 
remain outstanding, be that determined on such date.
(aa)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily €STR
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Compounded Daily €STR, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided in Condition 2(p) (Benchmark Replacement), be Compounded Daily €STR 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the applicable Margin.
“Compounded Daily €STR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment during the Observation Period 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate of the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be
rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“do” is the number of TARGET Settlement Days in the relevant InterestAccrual Period;
“ECB” means the European Central Bank or any successor or substituting authority 
thereto;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET 
Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;
“ni”, for any TARGET Settlement Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such TARGET Settlement Day “i” up to but excluding the following TARGET 
Settlement Day;

--- Page 67 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
67
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
and including the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p”
TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual 
Period (or the date falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and payable);
“p” means, for any Interest Accrual Period, the whole number of TARGET Settlement 
Days included in the Observation Look-back Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, being no less than two TARGET Settlement Days;
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in Euro;
“€STR Reference Rate” means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate (“€STR”) for such TARGET Settlement Day 
as published by the ECB, as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator 
of such rate), on the website of the ECB initially at http://www.ecb.europa.eu or any 
successor website officially designated by the ECB (the “ECB’s Website”) (in each case,
on or before 9:00 a.m., Central European Time, on the TARGET Settlement Day 
immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day); and
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day “i” falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the €STR Reference Rate for the TARGET Settlement 
Day falling “p” TARGET Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement 
Day “i”.
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day as 
specified above, and unless both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date (each, as defined below) have occurred, the €STR Reference 
Rate shall be a rate equal to €STR for the last TARGET Settlement Day for which such 
rate was published on the ECB’s Website.
If the €STR Reference Rate is not published in respect of a TARGET Settlement Day as 
specified above, and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, the rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant 
Observation Period occurring from and including such €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the rate (inclusive of 
any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the replacement for €STR by the 
ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the ECB (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of 
recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the ECB or 
another administrator) (the “ECB Recommended Rate”), provided that, if no such rate 
has been recommended before the end of the first TARGET Settlement Day following the 
date on which the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date occurs, then the rate for each 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from and including 
such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to “€STR”
were references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as published on 
the ECB’s Website (the “EDFR”) on such TARGET Settlement Day plus the arithmetic 
mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference Rate and the EDFR for each of

--- Page 68 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
68
the 30 TARGET Settlement Days immediately preceding the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Event occurs (the “EDFR Spread”).
Provided further that, if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the 
rate for each TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring from 
and including that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to “€STR” were references to the EDFR on such TARGET 
Settlement Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Settlement Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event occurs.
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, 
the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (through substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
(as the case may be) relating to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period);or (ii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first interest Accrual 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (including 
applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period).
As used herein, an “Interest Accrual Period” means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any 
other period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from 
(and including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (which, if the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and 
payable in accordance with Condition 11, shall be the date on which such Notes become 
due and payable).
If the relevant Series of Notes becomes due and payable in accordance with Condition 11, 
the final Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such Rate of 
Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue 
thereon as provided in Condition 2(f).
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events:
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the ECB (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide €STR; or
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity

--- Page 69 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
69
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR;
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation 
Event, the first date for which €STR is no longer provided by the ECB (or any successor 
administrator of €STR);
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events:
(i)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or
(ii)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate; and
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date for which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided by the administrator thereof.
(bb)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided in Condition 2(p) (Benchmark Replacement), be Compounded Daily SOFR 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin.
“Compounded Daily SOFR” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards:

--- Page 70 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
70
where:
“d” is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or 
“Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) 
the relevant Observation Period;
“do” is (where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the 
Observation Method) for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method) for any 
Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period;
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where in the applicable Final Terms 
“Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the 
Observation Method) in relevant the Observation Period;
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
and including the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to but excluding the date “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period;
“p” means:
(1)
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method, 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days); and
(2)
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method, zero;
“USBD” means U.S. Government Securities Business Day;
“ni” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, the number of 
calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up 
to but excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day;
“SOFRi-pUSBD” means:
(1)
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method, 
in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SOFR for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling 
“p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i”; or

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
71
(2)
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method, during each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR determined in 
accordance with paragraph (1) above, except that in respect of each U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day i falling on or after the “Lock-out date”
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no “Lock-out date” is specified, 
five U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each relevant Interest 
Payment Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR 
determined in accordance with paragraph (1) above in respect of such “Lock-out 
date”; or
(3)
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, 
SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day i falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR for such day.
Unless otherwise defined in these Terms and Conditions or unless the context otherwise 
requires, in these Terms and Conditions the following words shall have the following 
meanings:
“New York City Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in New York City;
“OBFR Index Cessation Date” means, following the occurrence of an OBFR Index 
Cessation Event, the date on which the FRBNY (or any successor administrator of the 
Overnight Bank Funding Rate), ceases to publish the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, or 
the date as of which the Overnight Bank Funding Rate may no longer be used, in each 
case as certified in writing by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;
“OBFR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events:
(1)
a public statement by the FRBNY (or a successor administrator of the Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish or 
provide the Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish 
or provide the Overnight Bank Funding Rate;
(2)
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the FRBNY (or a 
successor administrator of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate) has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Overnight Bank Funding Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
publish or provide the Overnight Bank Funding Rate; or
(3)
a public statement by a regulator or other official sector entity prohibiting the use 
of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, 
fixed income securities and derivatives, to the extent that such public statement has 
been acknowledged in writing by ISDA as an “OBFR Index Cessation Event”
under the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by ISDA;
“SOFR” means the rate determined in accordance with the following provisions:
(1)
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that appears on the FRBNY’s website at 
5:00 p.m. (New York time) on a U.S. Government Securities Business Day;
(2)
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, and a SOFR Index Cessation 
Date has not occurred, then the Calculation Agent shall use the Secured Overnight

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
72
Financing Rate published on the FRBNY’s website for the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day on which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the FRBNY’s website;
(3)
if a SOFR Index Cessation Date has occurred, the Calculation Agent shall calculate 
SOFR as if references to SOFR were references to the rate that was recommended 
as (and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent) as being the replacement 
for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate by the Federal Reserve and/or the 
FRBNY or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
and/or the FRBNY for the purpose of recommending a replacement for the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate (which rate may be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank 
or other designated administrator, and which rate may include any adjustments or 
spreads). If no such rate has been recommended within one U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Date, then the rate for any 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling on or after the SOFR Index 
Cessation Date will be determined as if (i) references to the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate were references to the Overnight Bank Funding Rate (published on 
the FRBNY’s website at or around 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on the relevant New 
York City Banking Day); (ii) references to U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day were references to New York City Banking Day, (iii) references to SOFR 
Index Cessation Event were references to the OBFR Index Cessation Event and 
(iv) references to SOFR Index Cessation Date were references to OBFR Index 
Cessation Date; and
(4)
if the Calculation Agent is required to use the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in 
paragraph (3) above and an OBFR Index Cessation Date has occurred, then for any 
Interest Payment Date after such OBFR Index Cessation Date, the Calculation 
Agent shall use the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market 
Committee and published on the Federal Reserve’s website, or if the Federal Open 
Market Committee does not target a single rate, the mid-point of the short-term 
interest rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee and published 
on the Federal Reserve’s website (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper 
bound of the target range and the lower bound of the target range);
“SOFR Index Cessation Date” means following the occurrence of a SOFR Index 
Cessation Event, the date on which the FRBNY (or any successor administrator of the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate), ceases to publish the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate, or the date as of which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate may no longer be 
used, in each case as certified in writing by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;
“SOFR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events:
(1)
a public statement by the FRBNY (or a successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish 
or provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
publish or provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate;
(2)
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the FRBNY (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate permanently or

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
73
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to publish or provide the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; or
(3)
a public statement by a regulator or other official sector entity prohibiting the use 
of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate that applies to, but need not be limited to, 
fixed income securities and derivatives, to the extent that such public statement has
been acknowledged in writing by ISDA as an “SOFR Index Cessation Event” under 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by ISDA; and
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or 
any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.
(cc)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing Weighted Average SOFR
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in respect of the 
relevant Series of Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
Weighted Average SOFR, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
as provided in Condition 2(p) (Benchmark Replacement), be Weighted Average SOFR 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the applicable Margin.
“Weighted Average SOFR” means, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
arithmetic mean of “SOFRi” in effect during such Interest Accrual Period and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards:
where:
“d”, “d0”, “i” and “p” have the meanings set out under Condition 2(c)(iii)(bb) above;
“ni” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day the number of calendar 
days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day up to but 
excluding the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and
“SOFRi” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i:
(1)
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method, 
the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day i falling p 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day;
(2)
where in the applicable Final Terms “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation 
Method, during each relevant Interest Period, the SOFR determined in accordance 
with paragraph (1) above, except that in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day i falling on or after the “Lock-out date” specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, where no “Lock-out date” is specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to each relevant Interest Payment

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
74
Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Period, the SOFR determined in 
accordance with paragraph (1) above in respect of such “Lock-out date”; or
(3)
where in the applicable Final Terms “Shift” is specified as the Observation Method, 
the SOFR on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day i.
(iv)
CMS-Linked Interest Notes. Where the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
CMS-Linked Interest Notes, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
in Condition 2(p) below, be determined as set out below according to which of the following 
Reference Rates is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and:
(A)
where “CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula:
CMS Rate + Margin
(B)
where “Leveraged CMS Reference Rate” is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following formula:
Leverage x CMS Rate + Margin
(C)
where “CMS Reference Rate Spread” is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the following formula:
CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2 + Margin
(D)
where “Leveraged CMS Reference Rate Spread” is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to the following formula:
[Leverage x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2)] + Margin
(v)
Margin, Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum Rate of Interest. The determination of the Rate 
of Interest pursuant to Conditions 2(b)(ii) or 2(b)(iii) above shall be subject to the following:
(A)
In relation to Notes other than CMS-Linked Interest Notes, if any Margin is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or 
the Rate of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), by adding 
(if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such 
Margin.
(B)
In relation to Notes other than CMS-Linked Interest Notes, if any Leverage is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or 
the Rate of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), by 
multiplying the rate determined pursuant to Condition 2(c)(ii) or 2(c)(iii), as applicable, 
and the absolute value of such Leverage.
(C)
If any Maximum Rate of Interest is specified, the Rate of Interest shall be the lesser of
(i) the rate determined in accordance with Condition 2(c)(i), 2(c)(ii), 2(c)(iii) or 2(c)(iv), 
as applicable, and (ii) such Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
75
(D)
If any Minimum Rate of Interest is specified, the Rate of Interest shall be the greater of
(i) the rate determined in accordance with Condition 2(c)(i), 2(c)(ii), 2(c)(iii) or 2(c)(iv), 
as applicable, and (ii) such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(d)
Change of Interest Basis - Rate of Interest on Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or Floating to Fixed 
Rate Notes
(i)
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. If the Notes are specified as “Fixed to Floating Rate Notes” in 
the applicable Final Terms, interest shall accrue and be payable on such Notes:
(A)
with respect to the first Interest Period and such subsequent Interest Periods as are 
specified for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms at a fixed Rate of Interest in 
accordance with Condition 2(a) and the applicable Final Terms; and
(B)
with respect to each Interest Period thereafter, at a floating Rate of Interest in accordance 
with Condition 2(c) and the applicable Final Terms.
(ii)
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes. If the Notes are specified as “Floating to Fixed Rate Notes” in 
the applicable Final Terms, interest shall accrue and be payable on such Notes:
(A)
with respect to the first Interest Period and such subsequent Interest Periods as are 
specified for this purpose in the applicable Final Terms at a floating Rate of Interest in 
accordance with Condition 2(c) and the applicable Final Terms; and
(B)
with respect to each Interest Period thereafter, at a fixed Rate of Interest in accordance 
with Condition 2(a) and the applicable Final Terms.
(e)
Zero Coupon Notes
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity 
Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Zero 
Coupon Note Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 3(b)). As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 3(b)).
(f)
Accrual of Interest
Interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption, unless payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused on the due date thereof, in which event interest shall continue 
to accrue (both before and after judgement) at the Rate of Interest (or, in the case of Resettable Notes, at 
the First Reset Rate of Interest or (if there is one) at the last Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as 
applicable) in the manner provided in this Condition 2 to the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 5).
(g)
Business Day Convention
If any date referred to in these Terms and Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:
(i)
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day; or
(ii)
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event (A) except in the case of the Maturity Date, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day, and (B) in the case of the Maturity Date, such date shall be

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
76
the next date on which the Securities Settlement System is open, without adjustment of the 
Calculation Period.
In relation to Fixed Rate Notes, the Business Day Convention applicable shall always be the Following 
Business Day Convention.
(h)
Rounding
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Terms and Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (ii) all figures 
shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (iii) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves 
being rounded up), save in the case of Japanese yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Japanese 
yen. For these purposes “unit” means, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency.
(i)
Calculations for Notes other than Range Accrual Notes
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note (other than Notes in 
respect of which “Range Accrual Notes” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) 
for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest (or, in the case of 
Resettable Notes, the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or any Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest), the Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, and the Day Count
Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless a Fixed Coupon Amount (or a formula for its 
calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Fixed 
Coupon Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Fixed Coupon Amounts payable in respect of 
each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be 
calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for 
which interest is required to be calculated.
(j)
Rate of Interest in respect of Range Accrual Notes
If “Range Accrual Notes” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will pay 
interest in respect of the Notes on each Interest Payment Date, in an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the applicable Interest Accrual Period and being an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Rate of Interest determined in 
accordance with the following formula:
Rate of Interest = Specified Rate × Relevant Proportion × Day Count Fraction,
provided that: (i) if any Maximum Rate of Interest is specified, the Rate of Interest shall be the lesser
of the rate determined in accordance with the above formula, and such Maximum Rate of Interest, and 
(ii) if any Minimum Rate of Interest is specified, the Rate of Interest shall be the greater of the rate 
determined in accordance with the above formula and such Minimum Rate of Interest.
(k)
Fallback Provision for Resettable Notes
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate 
does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page (other than in circumstances provided for in 
Condition 2(p)), the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
77
provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as soon as practically possible 
on the Reset Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent in due time with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin 
(as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.
If only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent in due time with a Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 2(k), the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined in 
accordance with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate applicable on the last preceding Reset Determination Date 
or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be calculated 
on the basis of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate that was published on the second Business Day prior to the 
Interest Commencement Date.
For the purposes of this Condition 2(k), “Reference Banks” means the principal office in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other 
market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Calculation Agent
on the advice of an investment bank of international repute.
(l)
Linear interpolation
Where linear interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period; provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 2(l), “Designated Maturity” means, (a) in relation to Screen Rate 
Determination, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate and (b) in relation to ISDA 
Determination, the Designated Maturity specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(m)
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts and Redemption Amounts
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each date as the Calculation Agent may be 
required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quote or make any determination or calculation (and, 
in the case of Resettable Notes, each Reset Determination Date), determine such rate and calculate the 
Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period or Reset Period, calculate the Redemption 
Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the 
Rate of Interest, the Reset Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period or 
Reset Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date and, if 
required to be calculated, the Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that 
is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
78
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period and/or 
Reset Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of 
Interest, Reset Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day 
after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date, Resettable Note Interest Payment Date, 
Reset Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 2(g), the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date so published may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without 
notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period or Reset Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 11, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest or Reset Rate 
of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall, save in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA for the 
purposes of Condition 2(c)(iii)(z) nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance 
with this Condition 2 but no publication of the Rate of Interest, Reset Rate of Interest or the Interest 
Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and 
Redemption Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation 
by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.
(n)
Definitions
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below:
“Business Centres” means the cities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
“Business Day” means (i) in relation to all Notes other than those denominated in euro, a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which (A) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in Belgium and (B) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the currency in which the relevant Notes are denominated 
and (ii) in relation to Notes denominated in euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) (A) on which 
banks and forex markets are open for general business in Belgium and (B) on which the Securities 
Settlement System is operating and (C) (if a payment in euro is to be made on that day) which is a day 
on which T2 is operating (a “TARGET Business Day”), and in relation to both (i) and (ii) above, such 
other day as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) or the Lead Manager on behalf 
of the relevant Dealers (as the case may be) and specified in the Final Terms.
“CMS-Linked Interest Notes” means Notes in respect of which the “Floating Rate Note / CMS-Linked 
Interest Note Provisions” of Part A of the Final Terms are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, and which are specified as being CMS-Linked Interest Notes in the applicable Final Terms.
“CMS Rate” shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions, specified as the CMS Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, 
expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of the CMS Rate as at 
the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant 
Swap Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, 
eliminating, where there are more than two quotations available, the highest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
79
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall consider 
appropriate and in accordance with standard market practice.
“CMS Rate 1” shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions, specified as the CMS Rate 1 
in the applicable Final Terms, in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, 
expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of the CMS Rate 1 as 
at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant 
Swap Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, 
eliminating, where there are more than two quotations available, the highest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall consider 
appropriate and in accordance with standard market practice.
“CMS Rate 2” shall mean the Relevant Swap Rate for swap transactions, specified as the CMS Rate 2 
in the applicable Final Terms, in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, 
expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page in respect of the CMS Rate 2 as 
at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant 
Swap Rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the quotations, 
eliminating, where there are more than two quotations available, the highest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall consider 
appropriate and in accordance with standard market practice.
“CMS Rates” means any CMS Rate, CMS Rate 1 and/or CMS Rate 2, as the case may be. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”) (and provided 
that (x) the Day Count Fraction for any Floating Rate Notes denominated in Euro shall be Actual/360 
(as defined below) and (y) the Day Count Fraction for any Notes denominated in Euro with a maturity 
of one year or less shall be Actual/360 (as defined below)):
(i)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
80
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360;
(iv)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction= 360x(Y2-Y1)+30x(M2-M1)+(D2-D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1, is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30;
(v)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction= 360x(Y2-Y1)+30x(M2-M1)+(D2-D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
81
Day Count Fraction= 360x(Y2-Y1)+30x(M2-M1)+(D2-D1)
360
where:
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (A) that 
day is the last day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (A) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vii)
if “ACT/ACT-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms,
(A)
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and
(B)
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year
where:
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and
“Determination Dates” means the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if none is so specified, the Interest Payment Date or the Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date (as the case may be) and, assuming no Broken Amounts are payable, 
the Interest Commencement Date.
“Designated Maturities” means the time period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Eurozone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to 
time of the European Banking Federation based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
82
designated currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of 
contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor).
“Eurozone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to 
time.
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Resettable Note Reset Date until 
(but excluding) the Second Resettable Note Reset Date, or if no such Second Resettable Note Reset Date 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date.
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, subject to Condition 2(k) above, the rate of interest being 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (being the date that is 
the second Business Day prior to the First Resettable Note Reset Date) as the sum of the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate plus the First Margin, with such sum being converted to a basis which matches the per annum 
frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes. 
“First Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
“Fixed Rate Notes” means Notes in respect of which the “Fixed Rate Note Provisions” in Part A of the 
Final Terms are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms.
“Floating Rate Notes” means Notes in respect of which the “Floating Rate Note / CMS-Linked Interest 
Note Provisions” of Part A of the Final Terms are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, and which are specified as being Floating Rate Notes in the applicable Final Terms.
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest per annum specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date.
“Interest Amount” means:
(i)
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes or Resettable Notes, 
shall mean the amount calculated in accordance with Condition 2(i) or the Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being payable on the Interest 
Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and
(ii)
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period.
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms.
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling (and the Reference Rate is other than 
SONIA) or (ii) the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro or (iii) the day

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
83
falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is euro.
“Interest Payment Date” means each date specified as an Interest Payment Date(s) in the applicable 
Final Terms (each such date a “Specified Interest Payment Date”) or, if no Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are set out in the applicable Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which 
falls the number of months or other period set out in these Terms and Conditions or the applicable Final 
Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as 
the case may be) and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date or 
Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as the case may be).
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (including “Amendments to the 2006 ISDA Definitions to include new 
IBOR fallbacks” – Supplement number 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions).
“Leverage” means the value or number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
“Lower Barrier” has the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
“Margin” means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided that
(A) the Margin may be specified either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, (B) the Margin may be zero, and (C) if a Margin is specified, an adjustment shall be made (to 
all Rates of Interest, in the case of sub-paragraph (x) of paragraph (A), or the Rate of Interest for the 
specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of sub-paragraph (y) of paragraph (A)), by adding (if the 
Margin is a positive number) or subtracting (if the Margin is a negative number) the absolute value of 
such Margin.
“Maturity Date” means the maturity date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
“Maximum Rate of Interest” means a percentage value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-
floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal 
to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) is in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (calculated on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
determined by the Calculation Agent).
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate.

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
84
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means the benchmark rate as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” means as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 2(k) above, 
either:
(i)
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or
(ii)
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001% (0.0005% being 
rounded upwards) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified 
Currency:
(A)
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and
(B)
commencing on the relevant Resettable Note Reset Date,
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page,
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.
“Minimum Rate of Interest” means a percentage value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of any Note and (i) in 
respect of Fixed Rate Notes, shall be the percentage rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in 
respect of Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes, shall be the rate calculated in accordance with the 
applicable provisions of this Condition 2.
“Redemption Amount” means (i) Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount, (ii) Final Redemption 
Amount, (iii) Redemption Amount (Call), (iv) Tax Event Redemption Amount, (v) Capital 
Disqualification Event Early Redemption Price, (vi) Event of Default Redemption Amount, (vii) 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Early Redemption Price or (viii) Substantial Repurchase Event 
Redemption Amount.
“Reference Banks” means (i) in relation to Notes other than CMS-Linked Interest Notes and Resettable 
Notes and in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Eurozone office of four major banks 
in the Eurozone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and (ii) in relation to CMS Rates, means (A) where the Reference Currency is 
Euro, the principal Eurozone office of five leading swap dealers in the inter-bank market, (B) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London 
inter-bank market, (C) where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York 
City office of five leading swap dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (D) in the case of 
any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five leading swap dealers 
in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case as selected by the Calculation Agent.
“Reference Currency” means each currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
85
“Reference Rate” means, in relation to any Notes other than CMS-Linked Interest Notes, the rate 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and in relation to any CMS-Linked Interest Notes, the relevant CMS Rate(s).
“Relevant Proportion” shall be calculated by dividing (i) the number of days during the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period on which the Reference Rate is less than or equal to Upper Barrier and greater than or 
equal to the Lower Barrier, by (ii) the total number of days during the applicable Interest Accrual Period.
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor thereto or 
replacement page commonly accepted in the market, as determined by the Calculation Agent.
“Relevant Swap Rate” means:
(i)
where the Reference Currency is euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis 
of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 
day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to 
the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where 
the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a Designated Maturity determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions;
(ii)
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate 
swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is 
equivalent to USD-SOFR (as defined in the ISDA Definitions); and
(iii)
where the Reference Currency is any other currency, the mid-market swap rate as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on a commercial basis as it shall consider 
appropriate and in accordance with standard market practice.
“Relevant Time” means the time as of which any rate is to be determined as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, at which it is customary to determine such rate, and for these 
purposes, the Relevant Time in the case of EURIBOR shall be 11:00 a.m. Brussels time. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time.
“Reset Determination Date” means, (i) in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day 
prior to the First Resettable Note Reset Date, (ii) in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the 
second Business Day prior to the Second Resettable Note Reset Date and, (iii) in respect of each Reset 
Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Reset Period.
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period.
“Reset Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable.
“Resettable Note Interest Payment Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
86
“Resettable Note Reset Date” means the First Resettable Note Reset Date, the Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date and every Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Date as may be specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.
“Reuters Screen” means, when used in connection with a designated page and any designated 
information, the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or such other 
page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying such information).
“Second Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
“Specified Rate” shall be the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Resettable Note Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next Resettable Note Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Resettable Note Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Resettable Note Reset 
Date.
“Subsequent Resettable Note Reset Date” means the date or dates specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 2(k) above, the rate of interest being determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date (being, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the Second Resettable Note Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of such Subsequent Reset Period) as the sum 
of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate plus the applicable Subsequent Margin, with such sum being converted 
to a basis which matches the per annum frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the Notes. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system.
“Upper Barrier” has the value specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
“Zero Coupon Notes” means Notes which do not bear any interest (but which are issued at a discount 
to the principal amount of the Notes), and in respect of which the “Zero Coupon Note” provisions in 
Part A of the Final Terms are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
(o)
Calculation Agent
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents for so long as 
any Note is outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Where more than one Calculation Agent 
is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Terms and Conditions to the Calculation Agent 
shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Terms and 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent 
fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest 
Amount or the Redemption Amount or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a 
leading bank or financial institution engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any 
other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
87
(p)
Benchmark replacement
In addition, notwithstanding the other provisions in this Condition 2, if the Issuer determines that a 
Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply to the relevant Notes:
(i)
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint and 
consult with a Reference Rate Determination Agent with a view to the Issuer determining
(without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders) (A) a Successor Rate 
(as defined below) or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as defined below), for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable 
to the Notes and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread (as defined below);
(ii)
if the Issuer is unable to appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-Off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) may still determine (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 2(p);
(iii)
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined 
in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Original Reference Rate for each of the future Interest 
Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment 
as provided in, this Condition 2(p));
(iv)
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Reference Rate Determination Agent (if any) is unable to 
determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without 
an Adjustment Spread;
(v)
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Reference Rate Determination Agent (if any), 
determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Issuer may (without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders) also specify changes to these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement in order to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, including 
but not limited to (A) the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, 
Business Days, Interest Determination Date, Reset Determination Date and/or the definition of 
Original Reference Rate applicable to the Notes and (B) the method for determining the fall-back 
rate in relation to the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent and any other agents 
party to the Agency Agreement shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such 
consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Terms and Conditions as may be 
required in order to give effect to the application of this Condition 2(p). No consent shall be 
required from the Noteholders in connection with determining or giving effect to the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) or such other changes, including for the 
execution of any documents or other steps to be taken by the Fiscal Agent and any other agents 
party to the Agency Agreement (if required or useful); and
(vi)
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread, give notice

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
88
thereof to the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 8, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall specify the effective date(s) for such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable), the applicable Adjustment Spread and any consequential changes 
made to the Agency Agreement and these Terms and Conditions (if any),
provided that the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, 
in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and any other related changes to the Notes, shall be 
made in accordance with the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations (if applicable).
A Reference Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 2(p) shall act in good faith 
as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Calculation 
Agent, the Fiscal Agent or the Noteholders for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 2(p).
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Condition 2(p), no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread will be adopted, and no other 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 2(p), if, 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result 
in (i) the Notes ceasing to be included, in whole or in part, in or counted towards the Tier 2 capital of the 
Issuer on a solo and/or consolidated basis (in the case of Subordinated Notes) or the Notes ceasing to 
qualify as MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations (in the case 
of Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes) and/or (ii) (in the case of Senior Notes) the Relevant Resolution 
Authority and/or the Lead Regulator treating the next reset date or the next Interest Payment Date as the 
effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date.
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 2(p), the Original Reference Rate
and the other provisions in this Condition 2 will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent 
has been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and any consequential changes made to the Agency Agreement and these Terms and 
Conditions (if any).
For the purposes of this Condition 2(p):
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:
(i)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or
(ii)
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer, following consultation with the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent (if any) determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or
(iii)
if the Issuer determines that no such spread, formula or methodology is customarily applied, the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Reference Rate Determination Agent (if any), determines 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable).
“Alternative Reference Rate” means the rate that the Issuer determines has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate and is customarily applied in the international debt capital markets transactions for the

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
89
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in respect of bonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the 
Issuer determines in its discretion is most comparable to the relevant Original Reference Rate.
“Benchmark Event” means:
(i)
the relevant Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or
(ii)
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Original Reference Rate
stating that it will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease to publish the 
relevant Original Reference Rate, permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the relevant Original 
Reference Rate); or
(iii)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Original 
Reference Rate stating that the relevant Original Reference Rate has been or will be, by a 
specified date within the following six months, permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(iv)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor or the administrator of the relevant Original 
Reference Rate that means that the relevant Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally or in respect of the Notes or that its use will be subject to restrictions 
or adverse consequences, in each case within the following six months; or
(v)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to 
be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or
(vi)
it has become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent or any other agents party to 
the Agency Agreement to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholders using the 
relevant Original Reference Rate,
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii) and 
(iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) 
above, on the date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, and (c) in the case of sub-
paragraph (v) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be 
(or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying 
market and which is specified in the relevant public statement and, in each case, not the date of the 
relevant public statement.
“IA Determination Cut-Off Date” means no later than five Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable).
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally specified benchmark rate or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes (provided that if 
such originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) (or any Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate which has replaced it pursuant to this Condition 2(p)) has been replaced by a (or a 
further) Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate pursuant to this Condition 2(p), the term “Original 
Reference Rate” shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate).
“Reference Rate Determination Agent” means either (i) an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
90
markets, in each case selected and appointed by the Issuer at its own expense, (ii) the Calculation Agent 
or (iii) any affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent.
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee established, approved or sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (C) 
a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof.
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Issuer determines is a successor to, or replacement of, the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
3
Redemption, Purchase and Options
(a)
Final Redemption
(i)
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount.
(ii)
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, (A) if “Specified Redemption Amount” is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to the 
product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount, provided that the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100%, or (B) if “Par 
Redemption” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal 
to 100% per Calculation Amount.
“Specified Fixed Percentage Rate” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, which shall be determined by the Issuer at the time of issue, provided that if no 
such rate is specified, the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate shall be 100%.
(b)
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes and certain other Notes
(i)
The Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount payable in respect of (A) any Zero Coupon Note 
prior to the Maturity Date, or (B) any Note in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify 
“Amortised Face Amount” as the applicable option for determination of the Redemption Amount, 
in each case upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 3(e) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 11 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as 
provided below) of such Note.
In these Terms and Conditions, “Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount” means (A) if 
“Specified Redemption Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per 
Calculation Amount being the product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation 
Amount provided that the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 
100%, (B) if “Par Redemption” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per 
Calculation Amount equal to 100% per Calculation Amount, or (C) if “Amortised Face

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
91
Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with 
this Condition 3(b).
(ii)
Subject to sub-paragraph (iii) below, the “Amortised Face Amount” of any such Note shall be 
the scheduled Zero Coupon Note Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
compounded annually.
(iii)
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Zero Coupon Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 3(e) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 11 is 
not paid when due, the Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the reference therein to the Maturity Date were replaced 
by a reference to the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgement) until the 
Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the 
amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity 
Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 3(e).
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction set out in the applicable Final Terms.
(c)
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer
If so provided in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the conditions set out in Condition 3(i), the Issuer 
may on giving such period of irrevocable notice to the Noteholders as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (which shall be not less than seven days) redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes in 
the principal amount of the Specified Denomination(s) or integral multiples thereof on the Optional 
Redemption Date (the first such Optional Redemption Date, in the case of the Subordinated Notes, 
falling not earlier than the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, and in case of the Senior Preferred Notes 
and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, falling not earlier than the first anniversary of the Issue Date). 
Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Redemption Amount (Call) together with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (as set out in the notice to the Noteholders). Any such 
redemption or exercise must relate to the Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Nominal Redemption Amount (if any) to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms and no 
greater than the Maximum Nominal Redemption Amount (if any) to be redeemed specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition 3(c).
In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes, the relevant Notes will be selected in accordance with 
the rules of the Securities Settlement System.
For these purposes, “Redemption Amount (Call)” means (i) if “Specified Redemption Amount” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the product of the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100%, (ii) if “Par Redemption” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100% per Calculation Amount or 
(iii) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount calculated in 
accordance with Condition 3(b) above.

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
92
(d)
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event
If this Condition 3(d) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, if a Capital 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing, and to the extent that the Issuer, at its sole 
discretion, has not opted to substitute or vary the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 6(d), 
the Issuer may, subject to the conditions set out in Condition 3(i), on giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days’notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 8 (with a copy to the Fiscal Agent), 
at its option, redeem all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes, on any Interest Payment Date or 
Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, at any time, at the Capital Disqualification Event Early Redemption Price, together with interest 
accrued and unpaid, if any, to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.
The notice given to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) pursuant to this Condition shall 
(i) contain a confirmation by the Issuer stating that a Capital Disqualification Event has occurred and is 
continuing and (ii) set out the date fixed for redemption, and such confirmation shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders.
In these Terms and Conditions:
“Applicable Banking Regulation” means at any time, the laws, regulations, rules, guidelines and 
policies of the Lead Regulator, or of the European Parliament and Council then in effect in Belgium, 
relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the Issuer at such time (for the avoidance of doubt, 
including as at the Issue Date the rules contained in, or implementing, CRR and CRD).
“Capital Disqualification Event” means an event that shall be deemed to have occurred if the Issuer 
determines, in good faith, and after consultation with the Lead Regulator, that by reason of a change (or 
a prospective change which the Lead Regulator considers to be sufficiently certain) to the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes, at any time after the Issue Date, the Subordinated Notes cease 
(or would cease) to be included, in whole or in part, in or count towards the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer 
on a solo and/or consolidated basis (having done so before the Capital Disqualification Event occurring) 
(excluding, for these purposes, any non-recognition as a result of applicable regulatory amortisation in 
the five years immediately preceding maturity and other than as a result of any applicable limitation on 
the amount of such capital as applicable to the Issuer).
“Capital Disqualification Event Early Redemption Price” means (i) if “Specified Redemption 
Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the 
product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the Specified 
Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100%, (ii) if “Par Redemption” is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100% per Calculation Amount
or (iii) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount calculated 
in accordance with Condition 3(b) above.
“CRD” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
access to the activity of credit institutions on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended or replaced by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019.
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876, and as may be further amended or replaced from time to time.
“Lead Regulator” means the NBB, the ECB or any successor entity primarily responsible for the 
prudential supervision of the Issuer.

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
93
“Tier 2 capital” has the meaning given to it under the Applicable Banking Regulation as applied by the 
Lead Regulator from time to time.
(e)
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Tax Event
Subject to the conditions set out in Condition 3(i), the Issuer may, at its option (subject to giving not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 8 (with a copy 
to the Fiscal Agent), which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes 
outstanding on any Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as the case may 
be), or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at any time, at the Tax Event Redemption Amount, 
together with interest accrued and unpaid, if any, to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption (as set 
out in the notice to the Noteholders), if, at any time, a Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, provided 
that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
(i) the Issuer would be obliged to pay any additional amounts in case of a Tax Gross-up Event, or (ii) a 
payment in respect of the Notes would cease to be deductible or the tax-deductibility of such payment 
would reduce in case of a Tax Deductibility Event, in each case, were a payment in respect of the Notes 
then due. The Issuer shall obtain an opinion of an independent legal adviser of recognised standing to 
the effect that a Tax Event exists.
In these Terms and Conditions:
A “Tax Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if as a result of a Tax Law Change:
(i)
in making interest payments under the Notes, the Issuer has or will on or before the next Interest 
Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as the case may be) or the Maturity 
Date (as applicable) become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 5 (and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it) (a “Tax Gross-up Event”); or
(ii)
on or before the next Interest Payment Date or Resettable Note Interest Payment Date (as the case 
may be) or the Maturity Date (as applicable) any payment by the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
ceases (or will cease) to be deductible by the Issuer for Belgian corporate income tax purposes or 
such deductibility is reduced (and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it) (a “Tax Deductibility Event”).
“Tax Event Redemption Amount” means (i) if “Specified Redemption Amount” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the product of the Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will 
not, in any case, be less than 100%, (ii) if “Par Redemption” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100% per Calculation Amount, or (iii) if “Amortised Face 
Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with 
Condition 3(b) above.
“Tax Law Change” means any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Belgium, 
including any treaty to which Belgium is a party, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation thereof, which change or amendment (i) (subject to (ii)) becomes effective on or after the 
Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes, or (ii) in the case of a change in law, if such change is enacted 
on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes.
(f)
Redemption of Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event 
If the Notes are Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes and “Redemption of Senior Notes or Subordinated 
Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event” is specified as applicable in the

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
94
applicable Final Terms, then upon the occurrence of a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, the Issuer 
may, at its option, at any time and having given not more than 60 nor less than 30 calendar days’ notice 
to the holders of the relevant Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes, in accordance with Condition 8 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the outstanding Senior Notes or 
Subordinated Notes at the MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Early Redemption Price, together with 
accrued interest (if any) thereon subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable 
MREL/TLAC Regulations, and subject to Condition 3(i).
In these Terms and Conditions:
“Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations” means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies then in effect in Belgium and applicable to the Issuer and giving effect to MREL. 
If there are separate laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to MREL, then 
“Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations” means all such regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies.
“MREL” means the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities” for banking 
institutions under BRRD, as set in accordance with Article 45 of BRRD (as transposed in Article 267/3 
of the Belgian Banking Law) and Commission Delegated Regulation (C(2016) 2976) of 23 May 2016, 
or any successor requirement, and any other EU laws and regulations implemented in Belgian laws and 
regulations and/or as set out in policies and/or principles of the Relevant Resolution Authority as the 
case may be.
“MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event” means at any time that all or part of the outstanding nominal 
amount of the Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes of a Series does not or will not qualify as 
MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instruments under Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, either by reason of
(i) a change in the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations (or the application or the official interpretation 
of such regulations) or (ii) the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations becoming effective, except where 
such non-qualification:
(i)
is or will be caused by any applicable limits on the amount of “eligible liabilities” (or any 
equivalent or successor terms) permitted or allowed to meet any requirements under the 
Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations;
(ii)
was reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes; 
(iii)
is due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed by the 
Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations in force as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes;
or
(iv)
is as a result of the relevant Notes being bought back by or behalf of the Issuer or a buy back of 
the relevant Notes which is funded by or behalf of the Issuer.
“MREL/TLAC-Eligible Instrument” means an instrument that is eligible to be counted towards the 
MREL of the Issuer in accordance with Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations.
“MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event Early Redemption Price” means (i) if “Specified 
Redemption Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount 
being the product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the 
Specified Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100%, (ii) if “Par Redemption” is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100% per 
Calculation Amount or (iii) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
amount calculated in accordance with Condition 3(b) above.

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
95
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the Single Resolution Board established by Regulation (EU) 
No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 and/or any other authority 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of the bail-in power from time to time (including the 
Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the 
Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation).
(g)
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Substantial Repurchase Event
Subject to the conditions set out in Condition 3(i), if this Condition 3(g) is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer may, provided immediately prior to such notice a 
Substantial Repurchase Event has occurred, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ (or such 
other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Notes at the Substantial Repurchase Event Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued and 
unpaid, if any, to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption.
In these Terms and Conditions:
A “Substantial Repurchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at least the Applicable 
Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes (which 
for these purposes shall include any Notes issued pursuant to Condition 12) is purchased by the Issuer 
or any subsidiary of the Issuer (or redeemed by the Issuer) (and in each case is cancelled in accordance 
with Condition 3(j)).
“Substantial Repurchase Event Redemption Amount” means (i) if “Specified Redemption 
Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the 
product of the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the Specified 
Fixed Percentage Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100%, (ii) if “Par Redemption” is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100% per Calculation Amount, 
or (iii) if “Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount calculated 
in accordance with Condition 3(b) above.
(h)
Repurchases
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may at any time repurchase Notes in the open market or otherwise 
at any price. This Condition 3(h) shall apply to the extent repurchases of Notes are not prohibited by the 
Applicable Banking Regulation and subject to the conditions set out in Condition 3(i).
(i)
Conditions to redemption
Any optional redemption or repurchase of Notes pursuant to this Condition 3 is subject to the following 
conditions (in each case, if and to the extent then required by the Applicable Banking Regulation and/or 
Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, as applicable):
(i)
compliance with any conditions prescribed under the Applicable Banking Regulation and/or 
Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations, as applicable, including the prior approval of the Lead 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (if required); 
(ii)
in respect of Subordinated Notes only, (A) in the case of redemption following the occurrence of 
a Tax Event, the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Lead Regulator or Relevant 
Resolution Authority that (x) the Tax Law Change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer 
as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes and (y) the Tax Event is material, or (B) in the 
case of redemption following the occurrence of a Capital Disqualification Event, the Issuer 
having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Lead Regulator or the Relevant Resolution

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
96
Authority that the relevant change is sufficiently certain and was not reasonably foreseeable by 
the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of Notes; and
(iii)
compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to the redemption of 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes to the extent set out 
in the Applicable Banking Regulation and/or in the Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations (as 
applicable) and required by the Lead Regulator or the Relevant Resolution Authority.
(j)
Cancellation
Subject to the conditions set out in Condition 3(i), all Notes repurchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
any of its subsidiaries may be, and all Notes redeemed by the Issuer will be, cancelled. Any Notes so 
cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes 
shall be discharged.
4
Payments 
(a)
Principal and interest
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be made in accordance with the applicable 
rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD or Euroclear France and any other Securities 
Settlement System participant holding interest in the relevant Notes, and any payment made by the Issuer 
to the Securities Settlement System or, in the case of payments in any currency other than euro which 
needs to be made outside the Securities Settlement System, to Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD, Euroclear France or such other Securities 
Settlement System participant will constitute good discharge for the Issuer. Upon receipt of any payment 
in respect of Notes, the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, LuxCSD or Euroclear France and any other Securities 
Settlement System participant, shall immediately credit the accounts of the relevant account holders with 
the payment.
(b)
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its agents) and the Issuer will 
not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, 
directives or agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 5. No commission or 
expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments.
(c)
Appointment of Agents
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation 
Agent (together the “Agents”) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent 
and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a 
Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms and Conditions so require, (iii) a 
Paying Agent having its specified offices in a major European city and (iv) such other agents as may be 
required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
97
(d)
Non-Business Days
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following business day, or as may be otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In these Terms and 
Conditions, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of payment, in such jurisdictions as shall 
be specified as “Business Day Jurisdictions” in the applicable Final Terms and:
(i)
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency; or
(ii)
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.
5
Taxation
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made without 
withholding or deduction for any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other charges of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by Belgium or any political subdivision or any authority therein or thereof having power to 
tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or other charges is required by law 
or regulation.
In that event, or if a clearing system or any participant in a clearing system withholds or deducts for, or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other charges of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Belgium, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as may be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after such withholding or deduction 
shall be not less than the respective amounts of interest which would have been receivable in respect of the 
Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any payment in respect of any Note:
(i)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of its having some connection 
with Belgium or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof other than the mere 
holding of the Note; or
(ii)
Non-Eligible Investors: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who, at the time of its acquisition of 
the Notes, was not an Eligible Investor within the meaning of Article 4 of the Royal Decree of 26 May 
1994 on the deduction of withholding tax or to a holder who was an Eligible Investor at the time of its 
acquisition of the Notes but, for reasons within the holder’s control, ceased to be an Eligible Investor or, 
at any relevant time on or after its acquisition of the Notes, otherwise failed to meet any other condition 
for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the law of 6 August 1993 relating to 
transactions with certain securities; or
(iii)
Other Paying Agent: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder where the holder of such Notes would 
have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by arranging to receive the relevant payment 
through another paying agent of the Issuer in a member state of the European Union; or
(iv)
Conversion into registered Notes: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such 
withholding or deduction because the Notes were converted into registered Notes upon his/her request 
and could no longer be cleared through the Securities Settlement System; or

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
98
(v)
Lawful avoidance of withholding: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who could lawfully avoid 
(but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third party 
complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any third party makes a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where 
the relevant Note is presented for payment.
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Terms and Conditions, any amounts paid by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required by 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Code”) (or any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof), or otherwise imposed pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement, or implementing legislation adopted by another jurisdiction, in connection with 
these provisions, or pursuant to any agreement with the US Internal Revenue Service (“FATCA withholding”). 
Neither the Issuer nor any other person will have an obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify a holder for any FATCA withholding.
As used in these Terms and Conditions, the “Relevant Date” in respect of any payment means whichever is the 
later of (i) the date on which such payment first becomes due and (ii), (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which the full amount of such moneys outstanding is made or (if 
earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that such payment will 
be made.
References in these Terms and Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Notes, all Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to Condition 3 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be 
deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 2 or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or “interest” shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts that may be payable under this Condition 5.
6
Status and subordination
The Notes may be either senior Notes (“Senior Notes”) or subordinated Notes (“Subordinated Notes”) and 
the Senior Notes may be either senior preferred Notes (“Senior Preferred Notes”) or senior non-preferred 
Notes (“Senior Non-Preferred Notes”), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(a)
Status of Senior Preferred Notes
(i)
Status
The Senior Preferred Notes (being those Notes in respect of which the status is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as “Senior Preferred Notes”) are direct, unconditional, senior and 
unsecured (chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer and rank at all times:
(A)
pari passu, without any preference among themselves, with all other outstanding 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, present and future, which will fall 
or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article 389/1, 1° of 
the Belgian law of 25 April 2014 regarding the status and supervision of credit institutions 
(the “Belgian Banking Law”), but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted 
by laws relating to creditors’ rights;
(B)
senior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and any obligations ranking pari passu with 
or junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and
(C)
junior to all present and future claims as may be preferred by laws of general application.

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
99
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
liquidation, 
dissolution 
or 
winding-up 
of 
the 
Issuer 
by 
reason 
of 
bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite), the Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior Preferred 
Notes (including for any accrued but unpaid interest and any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligations under these Terms and Conditions):
(A)
only after, and subject to, payment in full of holders of present and future claims as may 
be preferred by laws of general application or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior 
Preferred Notes; and
(B)
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations 
and other present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Preferred Notes.
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other instruments issued by the 
Issuer which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in 
Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law, including Senior Non-Preferred Notes.
(ii)
Waiver of set-off, netting, compensation and retention
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, netting, 
compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in 
connection with the Senior Preferred Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its
subscription, purchase or holding of a Senior Preferred Note, be deemed to have waived all such 
rights of set-off, netting, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if 
any amounts owing to any holder of such Senior Preferred Notes by the Issuer is discharged by 
set-off, netting, compensation or retention, such holder shall, unless payment is prohibited by 
law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer or, in the 
event of its winding-up or administration, the liquidator or administrator, as appropriate, of the 
Issuer for the payment to creditors of the Issuer in respect of amounts owing to them by the Issuer 
and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
(b)
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes
(i)
Status
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (being those Notes in respect of which the status is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms to be “Senior Non-Preferred Notes”) are issued pursuant to the 
provisions of Article 389/1, 2° of the Belgian Banking Law and are direct, unconditional, senior 
and unsecured (chirografaire/chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer and rank at all times:
(A)
pari passu, without any preference among themselves, with all other Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations, present and future, but, in the event of insolvency, only to the extent permitted 
by laws relating to creditors’ rights; 
(B)
senior to the Subordinated Notes and other present and future claims otherwise ranking 
junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; and 
(C)
junior to the present and future claims of (a) any unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
that are not creditors in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Obligations and (b) all other 
present and future claims as may be preferred by laws of general application or otherwise 
ranking in priority to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank junior to any claims arising 
from excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR (the “Excluded 
Liabilities”).

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
100
Subject to applicable law, if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
liquidation, 
dissolution 
or 
winding-up 
of 
the 
Issuer 
by 
reason 
of 
bankruptcy 
(faillissement/faillite), the Noteholders will have a right to payment under the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (including for any accrued but unpaid interest and any damages awarded for 
breach of any obligations under these Terms and Conditions):
(A)
only after, and subject to, payment in full of any holders of Senior Preferred Obligations 
(including the Excluded Liabilities and any claims for payment of principal or interest 
under the Senior Preferred Notes) and other present and future claims benefiting from 
statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations; 
and
(B)
subject to such payment in full, in priority to holders of the Subordinated Notes and other 
present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations.
“Senior Preferred Obligations” means any obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer 
which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article 389/1, 
1° of the Belgian Banking Law, including Senior Preferred Notes.
(ii)
Waiver of set-off, netting, compensation and retention
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, netting, 
compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in 
connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its
subscription, purchase or holding of a Senior Non-Preferred Note, be deemed to have waived all 
such rights of set-off, netting, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, if any amounts owing to any holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note by the Issuer is 
discharged by set-off, netting, compensation or retention, such Noteholder shall, unless such 
payment is prohibited by law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge 
to the Issuer or, in the event of its winding-up or administration, the liquidator or administrator, 
as appropriate of the Issuer for the payment to creditors of the Issuer in respect of amounts owing 
to them by the Issuer and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place.
(c)
Status of Subordinated Notes
(i)
Status and Subordination
The Subordinated Notes (being those Notes in respect of which the status is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be “Subordinated Notes”) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves.
In the event of dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer (including the following events creating a 
competition between creditors (“samenloop van schuldeisers/concours de créanciers”): 
bankruptcy (“faillissement/faillite”), judicial liquidation (“gerechtelijke vereffening/liquidation 
forcée”) or voluntary liquidation (“vrijwillige vereffening/liquidation volontaire”) (other than a 
voluntary liquidation in connection with a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation where the 
continuing corporation assumes all the liabilities of the Issuer)), the rights and claims of the 
holders of Subordinated Notes against the Issuer shall be for an amount equal to the principal 
amount of each Subordinated Note together with any amounts attributable to such Subordinated 
Notes (including any accrued but unpaid interest and any damages awarded for breach of any 
obligation under these Terms and Conditions) and shall rank, subject to any obligations which

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
101
are mandatorily preferred by law (including, without limitation, national laws governing 
insolvency proceedings of the Issuer):
(A)
junior to the claims of all Senior Creditors and Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors; 
(B)
pari passu without any preference among themselves and pari passu with the claims of 
holders of any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer which constitute, or would 
but for any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital constitute, Tier 2 capital of 
the Issuer; and 
(C)
senior and in priority to (1) the claims of holders of all classes of share or other equity 
capital (including preference shares (if any)) of the Issuer, (2) the claims of holders of all 
obligations or instruments of the Issuer which, upon issue, constitute or constituted Tier 1 
capital of the Issuer, and (3) the claims of holders of any other obligations or instruments 
of the Issuer that rank or are expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes.
(ii)
Waiver of set-off, netting, compensation and retention
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, netting, 
compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under or in 
connection with the Subordinated Notes and each Noteholder shall, by virtue of its subscription, 
purchase or holding of a Subordinated Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, 
netting, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any amounts 
owing to any holder of a Subordinated Note by the Issuer is discharged by set-off, netting, 
compensation or retention, such Noteholder shall, unless such payment is prohibited by law, 
immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer or, in the event 
of its winding-up or administration, the liquidator or administrator, as appropriate of the Issuer 
for the payment to creditors of the Issuer in respect of amounts owing to them by the Issuer and 
accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place.
(iii)
Defined Terms
In this Condition:
“Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer whose claims are in respect 
of subordinated obligations which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations 
described in Article 389/1, 3° of the Belgian Banking Law.
“Senior Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer whose claims are in respect of obligations 
which are unsubordinated or which otherwise rank, or are expressed to rank, senior to claims of 
Ordinarily Subordinated Creditors and senior to obligations which constitute Tier 2 capital of the 
Issuer (including the Subordinated Notes).
“Tier 1 capital” and “Tier 2 capital” have the meanings given to them under the Applicable 
Banking Regulation as applied by the Lead Regulator.
(d)
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes: Substitution and Variation
In the case of Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes in relation to which this Condition 6(d) is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as applying, then, following a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event (in 
case of Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes) or following a Capital Disqualification Event (in case of 
Subordinated Notes), the Issuer may, at its sole discretion and without the consent of the Noteholders, 
by giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 8 substitute or vary the terms of all, but not some only, of the Senior Notes or, as the case may

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
102
be, of the Subordinated Notes then outstanding so that they become or, as appropriate, remain, 
Qualifying Securities.
Any substitution or variation of the Notes pursuant to Condition 6(d) is subject to compliance with any 
conditions prescribed under the Applicable Banking Regulation and/or in the Applicable MREL/TLAC 
Regulations (as applicable), including the prior approval of the Relevant Resolution Authority or the 
Lead Regulator (if required).
In these Terms and Conditions: 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s France S.A.S. or any affiliate thereof.
“Qualifying Securities” means, at any time, any securities issued by the Issuer:
(i)
that rank equally with the ranking of the Senior Preferred Notes (in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes), Senior Non-Preferred Notes (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or Subordinated 
Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes) prior to the relevant substitution or variation;
(ii)
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14(c) (Acknowledgment 
of and Consent to the Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less favourable to Noteholders 
than the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as the case may be, 
the Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer in consultation with an 
independent investment bank of international standing, and provided that a certification of two 
members of the management board of the Issuer shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
prior to the substitution or variation of the relevant securities), provided that such securities shall 
in any event:
(A)
contain terms such that they comply with the then Applicable Banking Regulation in 
relation to Tier 2 capital (in case of Subordinated Notes) or that they comply with the then 
Applicable MREL/TLAC Regulations (in case of Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes);
(B)
not contain terms which would cause a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event (in case of 
Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes) or a Capital Disqualification Event (in case of 
Subordinated Notes) or (in either case) a Tax Event to occur as a result of such substitution 
or variation; 
(C)
include terms which provide for the same (or, from a Noteholder’s perspective, a more 
favourable) Rate of Interest from time to time, Interest Payment Dates or Resettable Note 
Interest Payment Date (as the case may be), Maturity Date and, if applicable, optional 
redemption dates, as apply to the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or the relevant Subordinated Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation;
(D)
preserve any existing right under the Terms and Conditions to any accrued interest, 
principal and/or premium which has not been satisfied; and
(E)
not contain terms providing for the mandatory or voluntary deferral of payments of 
principal and/or interest; 
(iii)
are listed on (A) the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or (B) such other 
regulated market in the European Economic Area as selected by the Issuer (to the extent the 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes were listed on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange or such other regulated market in the European Economic Area prior to their 
substitution or variation); and

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
103
(iv)
where the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as the 
case may be, the Subordinated Notes which have been substituted or varied had a solicited rating 
from a Rating Agency immediately prior to their substitution or variation, each such Rating 
Agency has ascribed, or announced its intention to ascribe, an equal or higher published rating to 
the relevant Senior Preferred Notes, the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as the case may 
be, the Subordinated Notes as so substituted or varied, unless any downgrade is solely attributable 
to the application of the bail-in resolution tool.
“Rating Agency” means each of Moody’s and S&P or their respective successors.
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or any affiliate thereof.
7
Substitution of the Issuer 
Subject to this Condition 7 being specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then, the Issuer or any previous 
substituted company, may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, substitute for itself as principal 
debtor under the Notes, any company (the “Substitute”), whether by way of transfer of contract (on the basis 
of Article 5.193 of the Belgian Civil Code), novation (on the basis of Article 5.245 and following of the Belgian 
Civil Code) or otherwise, provided that:
(a)
the Lead Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (as required) approves or does not object 
to the substitution (if applicable);
(b)
the substitution is made by execution of such documentation as the Issuer determines is appropriate to 
give effect to such substitution;
(c)
no payment of principal of, or interest on, the Notes is at the time of such substitution overdue;
(d)
the Substitute assumes all obligations and liabilities of the substituted Issuer in its capacity as debtor 
arising from, or in connection with, the Notes and the substitution is subject to the Issuer irrevocably 
and unconditionally guaranteeing on a senior preferred basis (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes), on 
a senior non-preferred basis (in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) or on a subordinated basis (in the 
case of Subordinated Notes) corresponding to the ranking of the Subordinated Notes, the obligations of 
the Substitute;
(e)
the Substitute becomes a party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential 
amendments, and assumes all the obligations and liabilities of the Issuer in its capacity as debtor under 
the Notes contained therein and shall be bound as fully as if the Substitute had been named therein as an 
original party;
(f)
the Substitute shall, by means of the deed poll or by execution of such other documentation as the Issuer 
determines is appropriate, agree to indemnify the holder of each Note against any tax, duty, fee or 
governmental charge that is imposed on such holder by the jurisdiction of the country of its residence 
for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein with respect to any Note and that would not have been so imposed had it not been 
substituted as the principal debtor and any tax, duty, fee or governmental charge imposed on or relating 
to such substitution and any costs or expenses of such substitution;
(g)
the Substitute obtains all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents, takes all 
actions and fulfils all conditions necessary for such substitution and to ensure that any document 
executed to give effect to the substitution and the Notes represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute;

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
104
(h)
the Substitute shall cause legal opinions to be delivered to the Noteholders (care of the Fiscal Agent) 
from lawyers with a leading securities practice in Belgium and the jurisdiction of the Substitute 
confirming the validity of the substitution and the continuance or giving of the guarantee referred to in 
sub-paragraph (c) above;
(i)
each stock exchange which the Notes are listed on or the relevant competent authority relating thereto 
shall have confirmed that following the proposed substitution of the Issuer, such Notes would continue 
to be listed on such stock exchange;
(j)
following the substitution, the Notes will continue to be represented by book-entry in the records of the 
Securities Settlement System;
(k)
where the Notes had a published rating from a Rating Agency immediately prior to the substitution of 
the Issuer, the Notes shall continue to be rated by such Rating Agency immediately following such 
substitution and the published ratings assigned to the Notes by such Rating Agency immediately 
following such substitution will be no less than those assigned to the Notes immediately prior thereto; 
and
(l)
the Issuer shall have given at least 14 days’ prior notice of a proposed substitution to the Noteholders, 
such notice to be published in accordance with these Terms and Conditions, stating that copies, or 
pending execution, the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution that are referred to 
above, or that might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to the Noteholders, shall be available 
for inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and each of the other Paying Agents.
References in Condition 11 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations of the 
Substitute under the deed poll or other documentation executed in order to give effect to the substitution.
8
Notices
All notices to holders of Notes shall be validly given if (i) delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the NBB 
for communication by it to the participants of the Securities Settlement System, (ii) in the case of Notes held in 
a securities account, through a direct notification through the applicable clearing system, and (iii) in the case of 
Notes held in a securities account with Belfius Bank, through a direct notification in the account statements.
For so long as Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that 
exchange so require, such notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published 
in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe.
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above or, in the case of direct 
notification, any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date immediately following the date of 
notification.
In respect of Notes listed on a market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange 
so require, any notices shall also be given in accordance with the requirements of such exchange.
9
Prescription
Claims for principal and interest shall become void ten or five years, respectively, after the Relevant Date 
thereof, unless application to a court of law for such payment has been initiated on or before such respective 
time.

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
105
10
Meeting of Noteholders and Modification to Agency Agreement
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders
Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) of these Terms and Conditions contains provisions 
for convening meetings of Noteholders (the “Meeting Provisions”) to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined therein) of a 
modification of any of these Terms and Conditions. The provisions of this Condition 10(a) are subject 
to, and should be read together with, the more detailed provisions contained in the Meeting Provisions 
(which shall prevail in the event of any inconsistency).
Meetings of Noteholders may be convened to consider matters relating to Notes, including the 
modification or waiver of any provision of the Terms and Conditions applicable to any relevant Series 
of Notes. Any such modification or waiver may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any such modification or waiver shall always be subject to the consent of 
the Issuer. An “Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with the Meeting Provisions by a majority of at least 75% of the votes 
cast.
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the Meeting Provisions. Such a meeting 
may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request in writing of 
Noteholders holding not less than one fifth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
A meeting of Noteholders will be entitled (subject to the consent of the Issuer) to modify or waive any 
provision of the Terms and Conditions applicable to any Series of Notes (including any proposal (i) to 
modify the maturity of a Series of Notes or the dates on which interest is payable in respect of the Notes, 
(ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes, (iii) to change the currency of 
payment of the Notes, or (iv) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting 
of Noteholders) in accordance with the quorum and majority requirements set out in the Meeting 
Provisions. Resolutions duly passed in accordance with the Meeting Provisions shall be binding on all 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting and whether or not they vote in favour of 
such a resolution.
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be made in accordance with the Meeting 
Provisions.
(b)
Modification of Agency Agreement
Without prejudice to Condition 2(p), the Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, 
if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders.
(c)
Written Resolutions
A Written Resolution (as defined in the Meeting Provisions) signed, or Electronic Consent (as defined 
in the Meeting Provisions), given, by the holders of 75% in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding 
shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. A resolution in writing may be contained in 
one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Noteholders.
11
Events of Default 
If default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Subordinated Notes or the 
Senior Notes and such default continues for a period of 30 days or more after the due date, any holder of the 
relevant Notes may institute proceedings for the dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer in Belgium.

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
106
In the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Issuer including, without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, bankruptcy (faillissement/faillite), judicial liquidation (gerechtelijke vereffening/liquidation forcée) 
or voluntary liquidation (vrijwillige vereffening/liquidation volontaire) (other than a voluntary liquidation in 
connection with a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation where the continuing corporation assumes all 
liabilities of the Issuer) under the laws of Belgium), each holder of Notes of the relevant Series of Notes may 
give written notice to the Paying Agent at its specified office that its relevant Note(s) is (are) immediately 
repayable, whereupon the Event of Default Redemption Amount of such Note(s) together (if applicable) with 
accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Relevant Resolution Authority taking any resolution action (as defined in 
Article 242, 1° of the Belgian Banking Law) in respect of the Issuer or suspending any of the Issuer’s payment 
or delivery obligations (in accordance with Article 244/2 of the Belgian Banking Law) shall not entitle the 
holders of the relevant Notes to accelerate the Issuer’s payment obligations thereunder.
No remedy against the Issuer other than as referred to in this Condition 11 shall be available to the holders of 
the relevant Notes, whether for recovery of amounts owing in respect of the relevant Notes or in respect of any 
breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under or in respect of the relevant Notes.
For the avoidance of doubt, the holders of the relevant Notes waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law (i) all 
their rights whatsoever pursuant to Articles 5.90 to 5.93 (inclusive) of the Belgian Civil Code to rescind 
(ontbinden/résoudre), or to demand legal proceedings for the rescission (ontbinding/résolution) of, the relevant 
Notes, and (ii) to the extent applicable, all their rights whatsoever in respect of the relevant Notes pursuant to 
Article 7:64 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code.
In these Terms and Conditions: “Event of Default Redemption Amount” means (i) if “Specified Redemption 
Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount being the product of 
the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate and the Calculation Amount provided that the Specified Fixed Percentage 
Rate will not, in any case, be less than 100 per cent., (ii) if “Par Redemption” is specified in the applicable
Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount equal to 100 per cent. per Calculation Amount, or (iii) if 
“Amortised Face Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an amount calculated in accordance with 
Condition 3(b) above.
12
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further notes having 
the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the date for and amount 
of the first payment of interest) so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in these Terms and Conditions to 
“Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes, and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with such Notes, and references in these Terms and Conditions and in Schedule 1 (Provisions on 
meetings of Noteholders) of these Terms and Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly.
13
Currency Indemnity
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment under the relevant 
Note is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, 
in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder in respect of any sum expressed 
to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer, to the extent of the amount in the 
currency of payment under the relevant Note that the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received 
or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that 
purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or recovered 
is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note, the Issuer shall indemnify it against 
any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer, shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
107
making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition 13, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder, as 
the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These 
indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise 
to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any 
Noteholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a 
liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or any other judgment or order.
14
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing Law
The Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law.
(b)
Jurisdiction
The courts of Brussels (Belgium) are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with any Notes including any legal action or proceedings relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising therefrom and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of 
or in connection with any Notes including any disputes relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising therefrom (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. 
(c)
Acknowledgment of and Consent to the Bail-in Power
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholder (which includes any current or 
future holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), each Noteholder (which includes any current or future 
holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges and accepts that any liability arising under the 
Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority and 
acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by (i) the variation of the terms and conditions 
of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to give effect to the exercise of 
any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority and (ii) the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. Such exercise may, among others, include and result in any 
of the following, or a combination thereof:
(i)
all, or part of the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes being reduced or 
cancelled, including on a permanent basis;
(ii)
all or part of the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes being converted into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person and such shares, securities or 
obligations being issued to or conferred on the Noteholder, including by means of a variation, 
modification or amendment of the terms and conditions of the Notes;
(iii)
the Notes or the Relevant Amounts in respect of the Notes being cancelled; and
(iv)
the maturity of the Notes being amended or altered, or the amount of interest payable on the 
Notes, or date on which interest becomes payable; including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period, being amended.
In this Condition, 
“Bail-in Power” means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations (including delegated 
or implementing measures such regulatory technical standards), requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and their parent

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
108
undertakings, and minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments of the Kingdom of Belgium, the Lead Regulator (or any successor or replacement 
entity having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer), the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, the Financial Stability Board and/or of the European Parliament or of the 
Council of the European Union then in effect in the Kingdom of Belgium, pursuant to which obligations 
of the Issuer can be reduced (in part or in whole), modified, cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or 
otherwise varied in any way, or securities of the Issuer can be written down and/or converted into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or any other person, whether in connection with the 
implementation of a bail-in power following placement in resolution or otherwise; and
“Relevant Amounts” means the principal amount of, and/or interest on, the Notes. These amounts 
include amounts that have become due and payable but which have prior to the exercise of the Bail-in 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority not yet been paid.
15
No Hardship
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer hereby acknowledges that the provisions of Article 5.74 of the Belgian 
Civil Code shall not apply with respect to its obligations under these Terms and Conditions and that it shall not 
be entitled to make any claim under Article 5.74 of the Belgian Civil Code.
16
No Security or Guarantee
Without prejudice to Condition 7(d), the Notes are not and will not any time be subject (i) to a security interest 
or guarantee that enhances the seniority of the respective claims of each of the holders of the relevant Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, provided by any of the entities listed in 
Article 75b(2)(e) or 63(e) of the CRR, as applicable, or (ii) to any arrangement that otherwise enhances the 
respective claims of such holders in respect of such Notes.

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
109
SCHEDULE 1
PROVISIONS ON MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS
Interpretation
1.
In this Schedule:
1.1
references to a “meeting” are to a physical meeting, a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting of 
Noteholders of a single Series of Notes and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any 
adjournment;
1.2
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series and in respect of which 
a meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of those Notes, respectively;
1.3
“Alternative Clearing System” means any clearing system other than the Securities Settlement 
System;
1.4
“agent” means a holder of a Voting Certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Noteholder;
1.5
“Block Voting Instruction” means a document issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 10;
1.6
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph 35;
1.7
“electronic platform” means any form of telephony or electronic platform or facility and includes, 
without limitation, telephone and video conference call and application technology systems;
1.8
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed (a) at a meeting of Noteholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with this Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) by 
a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast, (b) by a Written Resolution or (c) by an 
Electronic Consent;
1.9
“hybrid meeting” means a combined physical meeting and virtual meeting convened pursuant to 
this Schedule at which persons may attend either at the physical location specified in the notice of 
such meeting or via an electronic platform;
1.10
“meeting” means a meeting convened pursuant to this Schedule and whether held as a physical 
meeting or as a virtual meeting or as a hybrid meeting;
1.11
“Ordinary Resolution” means a resolution with regard to any of the matters listed in paragraph 4
and passed or proposed to be passed by a majority of at least 50 per cent. of the votes cast;
1.12
“physical meeting” means any meeting attended by persons present in person at the physical 
location specified in the notice of such meeting;
1.13
“present” means physically present in person at a physical meeting or a hybrid meeting or able to 
participate in or join a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting held via an electronic platform;
1.14
“Recognised Accountholder” means an entity recognised as account holder in accordance with 
the Belgian Companies and Associations Code with whom a Noteholder holds Notes on a securities 
account;
1.15
“Securities Settlement System” means the securities settlement system operated by the NBB or 
any successor thereto;

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
110
1.16
“virtual meeting” means any meeting held via an electronic platform;
1.17
“Voting Certificate” means a certificate issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities 
Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 9;
1.18
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 75 per 
cent. in principal amount of the Notes outstanding;
1.19
where Notes are held in an Alternative Clearing System, references herein to the deposit, release 
or surrender of Notes shall be construed in accordance with the usual practices (including in relation 
to the blocking of the relevant account) of such Alternative Clearing System; and
1.20
references to persons representing a proportion of the Notes are to Noteholders, proxies or 
representatives of such Noteholders holding or representing in the aggregate at least that proportion 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.
General
2.
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions set out in this Schedule.
Extraordinary Resolution
3.
A meeting shall, subject to the Terms and Conditions and (except in the case of sub-paragraph 3.5) only 
with the consent of the Issuer and, where applicable, the Lead Regulator, and without prejudice to any 
powers conferred on other persons by this Schedule, have power by Extraordinary Resolution:
3.1
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise of, 
or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer (other than in accordance 
with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law);
3.2
to assent to any modification of the Terms and Conditions, the Notes or this Schedule proposed by 
the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent;
3.3
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution;
3.4
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution;
3.5
to appoint any person or persons (whether Noteholders or not) as an individual or a committee or 
committees to represent the Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers (or discretions 
which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution;
3.6
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal debtor 
under the Notes in circumstances not provided for in the Terms and Conditions or in applicable law; 
and
3.7
to accept any security interests established in favour of the Noteholders or a modification to the 
nature or scope of any existing security interest or a modification to the release mechanics of any 
existing security interests,
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 22 shall apply to any Extraordinary Resolution (a 
“special quorum resolution”) for the purpose of sub-paragraph 3.6 or for the purpose of making a 
modification to the Terms and Conditions, the Notes or this Schedule which would have the effect of (other 
than in accordance with the Terms and Conditions or pursuant to applicable law):

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
111
(i)
to assent to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate 
or a modification of the conditions applicable to the payment of interest;
(ii)
to assent to a reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes or a modification of the 
conditions under which any redemption, substitution or variation may be made;
(iii)
to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or 
the date for any such payment in circumstances not provided for in the Terms and 
Conditions;
(iv)
to modify the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or the dates on which interest 
or any other amount are payable in respect of the Notes;
(v)
to change the currency of payment of the Notes;
(vi)
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or
(vii)
to amend this proviso.
Ordinary Resolution
4.
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and without prejudice to any powers otherwise conferred on other 
persons by this Schedule, a meeting of Noteholders shall have power by Ordinary Resolution:
4.1
to assent to any decision to take any conservatory measures in the general interest of the Noteholders;
4.2
to assent to the appointment of any representative to implement any Ordinary Resolution; or
4.3
to assent to any other decisions which do not require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed.
Any modification or waiver of any of the Terms and Conditions shall always be subject to the consent of 
the Issuer and, where applicable, the Lead Regulator.
5.
No amendment to the Terms and Conditions, the Notes or this Schedule which in the opinion of the Issuer 
relates to any of the matters listed in paragraph 4 above shall be effective unless approved at a meeting of 
Noteholders complying in all respect with the provisions set out in this Schedule and the articles of 
association of the Issuer.
Convening a meeting
6.
The Issuer may at any time convene a meeting. A meeting shall be convened by the Issuer upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding at least 20 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, provided that the Issuer is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction 
against all costs and expenses relating to such meeting. Every physical meeting shall be held at a time and 
place approved by the Fiscal Agent. Every virtual meeting shall be held via an electronic platform and at a 
time approved by the Fiscal Agent. Every hybrid meeting shall be held at a time and place and via an 
electronic platform approved by the Fiscal Agent.
Notice of meeting
7.
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 8 (Notices) not less than fifteen days prior to the relevant meeting (exclusive of the day on which 
the notice is given and of the day of the meeting). The notice shall specify the day and time of the meeting

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
112
and manner in which it is held, and if a physical meeting or hybrid meeting is to be held, the place of the 
meeting and the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how Noteholders may appoint 
proxies or representatives obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting Instructions and the details of 
the time limits applicable. With respect to a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting, each such notice shall set 
out such other and further details as are required under paragraph 37.
Cancellation of meeting
8.
A meeting that has been validly convened in accordance with paragraph 6 above may be cancelled by the 
person who convened such meeting by giving notice to the Noteholders prior to such meeting. Any meeting 
cancelled in accordance with this paragraph 8 shall be deemed not to have been convened.
Arrangements for voting
9.
A Voting Certificate shall:
9.1
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System;
9.2
state that on the date thereof (i) the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Block Voting 
Instruction has been issued which is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Voting 
Certificate and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the 
satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System) held to its order 
or under its control and (if and only to the extent permitted by the rules and procedures of the 
Securities Settlement System) blocked by it and (ii) that no such Notes will cease to be so held and 
blocked until the first to occur of:
(i)
the conclusion (or cancellation) of the meeting specified in such certificate or, if 
applicable, any such adjourned meeting; and
(ii)
the surrender of the Voting Certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities 
Settlement System who issued the same; and
9.3
further state that until the release of the Notes represented thereby the bearer of such certificate is 
entitled to attend and vote at such meeting and any such adjourned meeting in respect of the Notes 
represented by such certificate.
10.
A Block Voting Instruction shall:
10.1
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System;
10.2
certify that the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Voting Certificate has been issued and 
is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Block Voting Instruction and any such 
adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the satisfaction of such 
Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System) held to its order or under its control 
and blocked by it and that no such Notes will cease to be so held and (if and only to the extent 
permitted by the rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) blocked until the first to 
occur of:
(i)
the conclusion (or cancellation) of the meeting specified in such document or, if 
applicable, any such adjourned meeting; and
(ii)
the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or the Securities Settlement System 
to the Issuer, stating that certain of such Notes cease to be held with it or under its control 
and blocked and setting out the necessary amendment to the Block Voting Instruction;

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
113
10.3
certify that each holder of such Notes has instructed such Recognised Accountholder, the Securities 
Settlement System or other proxy mentioned therein that the vote(s) attributable to the Note or Notes 
so held and (if and only to the extent permitted by the rules and procedures of the Securities 
Settlement System) blocked should be cast in a particular way in relation to the resolution or 
resolutions which will be put to such meeting or any such adjourned meeting and that all such 
instructions cannot be revoked or amended during the period commencing 48 hours prior to the time 
for which such meeting or any such adjourned meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion, 
cancellation or adjournment thereof;
10.4
state the principal amount of the Notes so held and (if and only to the extent permitted by the rules 
and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) blocked, distinguishing with regard to each 
resolution between (i) those in respect of which instructions have been given as aforesaid that the 
votes attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the resolution, (ii) those in respect of which 
instructions have been so given that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against the resolution 
and (iii) those in respect of which instructions have been so given to abstain from voting; and
10.5
naming one or more persons (each hereinafter called a “proxy”) as being authorised and instructed 
to cast the votes attributable to the Notes so listed in accordance with the instructions referred to in 
paragraph 10.4 above as set out in such document. 
11.
If a holder of Notes wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a Block Voting Instruction for a 
meeting, he must (if and only to the extent permitted by the rules and procedures of the Securities Settlement 
System) block such Notes for that purpose at least 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by the Fiscal Agent for the purpose. 
The Fiscal Agent or such bank or other depositary shall then issue a Block Voting Instruction in respect of 
the votes attributable to all Notes so blocked.
12.
If the Issuer requires, a certified copy of each Block Voting Instruction shall be produced by the proxy at 
the meeting or delivered to the Issuer prior to the meeting but the Issuer need not investigate or be concerned 
with the validity of the proxy’s appointment.
13.
No votes shall be validly cast at a meeting unless in accordance with a Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction.
14.
The proxy appointed for purposes of the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate does not need to be 
a Noteholder.
15.
Votes can only be validly cast in accordance with Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions in 
respect of Notes held to the order or under the control and (if and only to the extent permitted by the rules 
and procedures of the Securities Settlement System) blocked by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
Securities Settlement System and which have been deposited with the Issuer (or any person acting on behalf 
of the Issuer) not less than 48 hours before the time for which the meeting to which the relevant voting 
instructions and Block Voting Instructions relate, has been convened or called. The Voting Certificate and 
Block Voting Instructions shall be valid for as long as the relevant Notes continue to be so held and blocked. 
During the validity thereof, the holder of any such Voting Certificate or (as the case may be) the proxies 
named in any such Block Voting Instruction shall, for all purposes in connection with the relevant meeting, 
be deemed to be the holder of the Notes to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates.
A vote cast in accordance with a Block Voting Instruction shall be valid even if it or any of the Noteholders’
instructions pursuant to which it was executed has previously been revoked or amended, unless written 
intimation of such revocation or amendment is received from the Fiscal Agent by the Issuer or the Fiscal 
Agent at its specified office (or such other place or delivered by another method as may have been specified 
by the Issuer for the purpose) or by the chairperson of the meeting in each case at least 48 hours before the 
time fixed for the meeting.

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
114
16.
No Note may be deposited with or to the order of the Fiscal Agent at the same time for the purposes of both 
paragraph 9 and paragraph 10 for the same meeting.
17.
In default of a deposit, the Block Voting Instruction or the Voting Certificate shall not be treated as valid, 
unless the chairperson of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds 
to business.
18.
A corporation which holds a Note may, by delivering at least 48 hours before the time fixed for a meeting 
to a bank or other depositary appointed by the Fiscal Agent for such purposes a certified copy of a resolution 
of its directors or other governing body or another certificate evidencing due authorisation (with, in each 
case, if it is not in English, a translation into English), authorise any person to act as its representative (a 
“representative”) in connection with that meeting.
Chairperson
19.
The chairperson of a meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate in writing, but if no such 
nomination is made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the 
meeting the Noteholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairperson, failing which 
the Issuer may appoint a chairperson. The chairman need not be a Noteholder or agent. The chairperson of 
an adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the chairperson of the original meeting. The 
chairperson may, in its sole discretion, decide to appoint a secretary (but is not obliged to do so).
Attendance
20.
The following may attend and speak at a meeting of Noteholders:
20.1
Noteholders and their respective agents and financial and legal advisers;
20.2
the chairperson and the secretary of the meeting;
20.3
the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent (through their respective representatives) and their respective 
financial and legal advisers; and
20.4
any other person approved by the Issuer.
No one else may attend, participate or speak.
Quorum and Adjournment
21.
No business (except choosing a chairperson) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at 
the commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed 
for the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Noteholders, be dissolved. In any other case it 
shall be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 42 days later, and time and place or manner 
in which it is to be held as the chairperson may decide. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from 
the time fixed for a meeting so adjourned, the meeting shall be dissolved.
22.
One or more Noteholders or agents present in person shall be a quorum:
22.1
in the cases marked “No minimum proportion” in the table below, whatever the proportion of the 
Notes which they represent

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
115
22.2
in any other case, only if they represent the proportion of the Notes shown by the table below.
Purpose of meeting
Any meeting except for a 
meeting previously adjourned 
through want of a quorum
Meeting 
previously 
adjourned through want of a 
quorum
Required proportion
Required proportion
To pass a special quorum resolution
75 per cent.
No minimum proportion
To pass any Extraordinary 
Resolution
A majority
No minimum proportion
To pass an Ordinary Resolution
10 per cent.
No minimum proportion
23.
The chairperson may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting adjourn the meeting from time 
to time and from place to place and alternate manner. Only business which could have been transacted at 
the original meeting may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph or 
paragraph 21.
24.
At least ten days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day of the adjourned 
meeting) of a meeting adjourned due to the quorum not being present shall be given in the same manner as 
for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the adjourned meeting. Subject as 
aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any other notice of an adjourned meeting.
Voting
25.
At a meeting which is held only as a physical meeting, each question submitted to a meeting shall be decided 
by a show of hands, unless a poll is (before, or on the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) 
demanded by the chairperson, the Issuer or one or more persons representing not less than 2 per cent. of the 
Notes.
26.
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairperson that a resolution has or has not been passed shall 
be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in favour of 
or against it.
27.
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided below) either at once or 
after such adjournment as the chairperson directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution 
of the meeting at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall not prevent 
the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has been 
demanded.
28.
A poll demanded on the election of a chairperson or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once.
29.
On a show of hands every person who is present in person and who produces a Note or a Voting Certificate 
or is a proxy or representative has one vote. On a poll every person has one vote in respect of each nominal 
amount equal to the minimum specified denomination of the Notes so produced or represented by the Voting 
Certificate so produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to the obligations of 
proxies, a person entitled to more than one vote need not use them all or cast them all in the same way.

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
116
30.
In case of equality of votes the chairperson shall both on a show of hands and on a poll have a casting vote 
in addition to any other votes which he may have.
31.
At a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting, a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a 
poll in accordance with paragraph 39 and any such poll will be deemed to have been validly demanded at 
the time fixed for holding the meeting to which it relates.
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary Resolution and an Ordinary Resolution
32.
An Extraordinary Resolution and an Ordinary Resolution shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether 
or not present at the meeting, and each of them shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. The passing 
of such a resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its being passed. The Issuer 
shall give notice of the passing of an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution to Noteholders 
within fifteen days but failure to do so shall not invalidate the resolution.
Minutes
33.
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed 
by the chairperson of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the 
matters in them. Until the contrary is proved every meeting for which minutes have been so made and signed 
shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted 
at it to have been duly passed and transacted.
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent
34.
If authorised by the Issuer and to the extent Electronic Consent is not being sought in accordance with 
paragraph 35, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution or an Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, provided 
that the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified in advance to the Noteholders through the 
relevant clearing system(s). Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. For the purpose of 
determining whether a resolution in writing has been validly passed, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on 
consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer (a) by accountholders in the securities 
settlement system(s) with entitlements to the Notes or (b) where the accountholders hold any such 
entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person 
identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of 
establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on 
any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) above, the Securities Settlement System, 
Euroclear, Clearstream or any other relevant alternative securities settlement system (the “relevant 
securities settlement system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant securities settlement system and 
the accountholder identified by the relevant securities settlement system for the purposes of (b) above. Any 
resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or 
instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall be conclusive and binding 
for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out 
of electronic records provided by the relevant securities settlement system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID 
or Clearstream’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of Notes is clearly identified together with the 
amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid 
or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such 
person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
117
35.
Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the Noteholders through the 
relevant clearing system(s) as provided in sub-paragraphs 35.1 and/or 35.2 below, the Issuer shall be entitled 
to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic consents communicated through the 
electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) to the Fiscal Agent or another 
specified agent in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (the “Required Proportion”) by close 
of business on the Specified Date (“Electronic Consent”). Any resolution passed in such manner shall be 
binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. The Issuer 
shall not be liable or responsible to anyone for such reliance.
35.1
When a proposal for a resolution to be passed as an Electronic Consent has been made, at least fifteen 
days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which affirmative 
consents will be counted) shall be given to the Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s). 
The notice shall specify, in sufficient detail to enable Noteholders to give their consents in relation 
to the proposed resolution, the method by which their consents may be given (including, where 
applicable, blocking of their accounts in the relevant clearing system(s)) and the time and date (the 
“Specified Date”) by which they must be received in order for such consents to be validly given, in 
each case subject to and in accordance with the operating rules and procedures of the relevant 
clearing system(s).
35.2
If, on the Specified Date on which the consents in respect of an Electronic Consent are first counted, 
such consents do not represent the Required Proportion, the resolution shall, if the party proposing 
such resolution so determines, be deemed to be defeated. Such determination shall be notified in 
writing to the Fiscal Agent. Alternatively, the Issuer may give a further notice to Noteholders that 
the resolution will be proposed again on such date and for such period as determined by the Issuer. 
Such notice must inform Noteholders that insufficient consents were received in relation to the 
original resolution and the information specified in sub-paragraph 35.1 above. For the purpose of 
such further notice, references to “Specified Date” shall be construed accordingly.
For the avoidance of doubt, an Electronic Consent may only be used in relation to a resolution 
proposed by the Issuer which is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly convened in 
accordance with paragraph 6 above, unless that meeting is or shall be cancelled or dissolved.
36.
A Written Resolution or Electronic Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution or an Ordinary 
Resolution. A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be binding on all Noteholders whether or 
not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent.
Additional provisions applicable to virtual and/or hybrid meetings
37.
The Issuer (with the Fiscal Agent’s prior approval) may decide to hold a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting 
and, in such case, shall provide details of the means for Noteholders or their proxies or representatives to 
attend, participate in and/or speak at the meeting, including the electronic platform to be used.
38.
The Issuer or the chairperson (in each case, with the Fiscal Agent’s prior approval) may make any 
arrangement and impose any requirement or restriction as is necessary to ensure the identification of those 
entitled to take part in the virtual meeting or hybrid meeting and the suitability of the electronic platform. 
All documentation that is required to be passed between persons at or for the purposes of the virtual meeting 
or persons attending the hybrid meeting via the electronic platform (in each case, in whatever capacity) shall 
be communicated by email (or such other medium of electronic communication as the Fiscal Agent may 
approve).
39.
All resolutions put to a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting shall be voted on by a poll in accordance with 
paragraphs 27-30 above (inclusive).

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and conditions of the Notes
118
40.
Persons seeking to attend, participate in, speak at or join a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting via the 
electronic platform shall be responsible for ensuring that they have access to the facilities (including, 
without limitation, IT systems, equipment and connectivity) which are necessary to enable them to do so.
41.
In determining whether persons are attending, participating in or joining a virtual meeting or a hybrid 
meeting via the electronic platform, it is immaterial whether any two or more members attending it are in 
the same physical location as each other or how they are able to communicate with each other. 
42.
Two or more persons who are not in the same physical location as each other attend a virtual meeting or a 
hybrid meeting if their circumstances are such that if they have (or were to have) rights to speak or vote at 
that meeting they are (or would be) able to exercise them. 
43.
The chairperson of the meeting reserves the right to take such steps as the chairperson shall determine in its 
absolute discretion to avoid or minimise disruption at the meeting, which steps may include (without 
limitation), in the case of a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting, muting the electronic connection to the 
meeting of the person causing such disruption for such period of time as the chairperson may determine.
44.
The Issuer (with the Fiscal Agent’s prior approval) may make whatever arrangements it considers 
appropriate to enable those attending a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting to exercise their rights to speak 
or vote at it.
45.
A person is able to exercise the right to speak at a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting when that person is 
in a position to communicate to all those attending the meeting, during the meeting, as contemplated by the 
relevant provisions of this Schedule.
46.
A person is able to exercise the right to vote at a virtual meeting or a hybrid meeting when:
46.1
that person is able to vote, during the meeting, on resolutions put to the vote at the meeting; and
46.2
that person’s vote can be taken into account in determining whether or not such resolutions are 
passed at the same time as the votes of all the other persons attending the meeting who are entitled 
to vote at such meeting.
47.
The Fiscal Agent shall not be responsible or liable to the Issuer or any other person for the security of the 
electronic platform used for any virtual meeting or hybrid meeting or for accessibility or connectivity or the 
lack of accessibility or connectivity to any virtual meeting or hybrid meeting.

--- Page 119 ---
Clearing
119
CLEARING
The Notes are in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations Code. The Notes 
will be represented by a book entry in the records of the securities settlement system operated by the National Bank 
of Belgium or any successor thereto (the “Securities Settlement System”). The Notes can be held by their holders 
through the participants in the Securities Settlement System, including Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD and through other financial 
intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France or LuxCSD or other participants in the Securities Settlement System. 
Possession of the Notes will pass by account transfer.
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be made in accordance with the applicable rules and 
procedures of the Securities Settlement system, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD and any other Securities Settlement System participant 
holding interest in the relevant Notes, and any payment made by the Issuer to the Securities Settlement System or, in 
the case of payments in any currency other than euro, to Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD will constitute good discharge for the Issuer. Upon receipt 
of any payment in respect of Notes, the Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD and any other Securities Settlement System 
participant, shall immediately credit the accounts of the relevant account holders with the payment. Noteholders are 
entitled to exercise their voting rights and other associative rights (as defined for the purposes of Article 7:41 of the 
Belgian Companies and Associations Code) against the Issuer upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD
or another participant duly licensed in Belgium to keep dematerialised securities accounts showing their position in 
the Notes (or the position held by the financial institution through which their Notes are held with the NBB, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD or such 
other participant, in which case an affidavit drawn up by that financial institution will also be required).

--- Page 120 ---
Use of proceeds
120
USE OF PROCEEDS
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by 
the Issuer for its general corporate purposes. 
If, in respect of any particular issuance, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. In particular, the Issuer may provide in the applicable Final Terms that, in the case of “Green 
Bonds”, an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of the relevant Notes is intended to be applied to 
finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, loans and investments realised by the Issuer to finance projects and/or 
assets (the “Eligible Green Assets”), as described in the applicable Final Terms and in the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework (as defined in “Green Bond Framework”), such Notes being referred to as “Green Bonds”. See “Green 
Bond Framework” for further information.

--- Page 121 ---
Green Bond Framework
121
GREEN BOND FRAMEWORK
1
Introduction
The Issuer has developed a green bond framework (such framework as amended from time to time, the “Green 
Bond Framework”) under which the Issuer intends to attract funding to finance and/or refinance, in whole or 
in part, loans and investments realised by the Issuer to finance projects and/or assets which enable the transition 
to a low carbon and climate resilient economy (the “Eligible Green Assets”). The Green Bond Framework is 
publicly available on the Issuer’s website (https://www.belfius.be/about-us/en/investors/debt-issuance/green-
bonds). The Green Bond Framework does not form part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this Base 
Prospectus. Notes issued under this Base Prospectus for which the applicable Final Terms indicate that an 
amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of the relevant Notes is intended to be applied to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets are referred to as “Green Bonds”.
The Green Bond Framework has been prepared taking into account the voluntary guidelines of the Green Bond 
Principles (2018 edition) published by the International Capital Markets Association (the “Green Bond 
Principles”).
This section contains a short summary of the Green Bond Framework as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
which does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the information in 
the Green Bond Framework. The Green Bond Framework may be further updated or amended, among other 
things to reflect updates to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the European Green Bond Standard and evolutions 
in the activities of the Issuer.
In case of an issuance of Green Bonds, (i) the use of proceeds, (ii) the process for green assets evaluation and 
selection, (iii) the management of proceeds, (iv) the reporting on allocation and impact and (v) the external 
review will be carried out in accordance with the Green Bond Framework.
2
Use of proceeds
In case of an issuance of Green Bonds, the Issuer intends to apply an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of 
Green Bonds exclusively to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets in the following 
categories (“Eligible Categories”):
-
renewable energy;
-
energy efficiency; 
-
clean transportation;
-
green real estate; and 
-
waste & water management.
In alignment with the Issuer’s sustainability strategy, the eligibility criteria (“Eligibility Criteria”) 
contemplated under the Green Bond Framework are intended to directly contribute to the achievement of 
specific UN Sustainable Development Goals and related sub-targets1.
1
Based on mapping between ICMA Eligible Categories and UN Sustainable Development Goals.

--- Page 122 ---
Green Bond Framework
122
Eligible Green Assets are required to meet the following Eligibility Criteria:
Eligible Category
Eligibility Criteria
Renewable energy
Loans or investments to finance/refinance the equipment, development, 
construction, operation, distribution, infrastructure and maintenance of 
renewable energy projects such as:
-
Offshore and onshore wind 
-
Solar photovoltaic power
-
Hydropower (with lifecycle GHG emissions < 100gCO2/kWh or power 
density > 5W/m2)2
-
Geothermal projects (with lifecycle GHG emissions < 100gCO2/kWh)
-
Energy from biomass (such as forest residues, or municipal waste but 
excluding biomass from sources competing with food production, 
depleting carbon pools or grown on land with high biodiversity), (with 
lifecycle GHG emissions < 100gCO2/kWh)
Energy efficiency
Loans or investments to finance/refinance energy efficiency projects, such 
as:
-
Energy storage efficiency projects3
-
Smart grid solutions
-
Energy efficient lighting such as LED
Clean transportation
Loans or investments to finance/refinance public land transport (e.g. 
subways, trains, trams, buses, cycleways) and clean transportation such as:
-
Rail infrastructure, including station upgrade
-
Rolling stock for passenger and freight transportation (zero direct 
emissions), excluding fossil fuel transportation
-
Electric and hybrid (with CO2 emission <50g CO2/km) vehicles, 
including charging infrastructure
-
Construction or improvement of bicycle lanes, bicycle parking and 
bicycle sharing systems
Green real estate
Commercial:
-
Loans or investments to finance/refinance new and existing commercial 
real estate belonging to the top 15% most efficient buildings or 
complying with a recognised external certification with a minimum 
level of BREEAM4: very good or equivalent.
-
Loans or investments to renovate existing commercial buildings 
achieving an energy reduction of at least 30%.
Residential:
-
Mortgage loans for residential dwellings in a certain region (Flanders, 
Wallonia and Brussels) belonging to the top 15% most efficient 
2
The development of any new hydropower facility, regardless of emission thresholds, needs to be accompanied by an environmental and social 
risk assessment carried out by a credible external body.
3
In case of investing in power-to-hydrogen storage, the production must be through water electrolysis.
4
Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method.

--- Page 123 ---
Green Bond Framework
123
buildings in that region based on the local building code, building year 
or EPC certificate.
-
Loans or investments to renovate existing residential buildings 
achieving an energy reduction of at least 30%.
Waste & water management
Loans or investments to finance/refinance the equipment, development, 
construction, operation and maintenance of:
-
Water distribution systems to improve water use efficiency and/or 
water quality
-
Water recycling and wastewater treatment plants5
-
Waste recycling and treatment plants
3
Process for green assets evaluation and selection
Underlying Eligible Green Assets are expected to comply with local laws and regulations, including any 
applicable regulatory environmental and social requirements. Potential Eligible Green Assets are assessed 
against the Issuer’s regular credit policies. The qualification for green criteria does not override credit risks.
The process for evaluation and selection of Eligible Green Assets, based on the Eligibility Criteria, receives a 
final approval by the Green Bond Committee.
The Green Bond Committee currently consists of the following representatives:
-
the head of Sustainability – ESG;
-
representatives of the commercial business lines (private, business & retail (PBR) and/or wealth, 
enterprises & public (WEP));
-
the head of long term funding; and
-
the head of structured finance 
4
Management of proceeds
The Issuer will strive, over time, to maintain an aggregate amount of Eligible Green Assets in a portfolio (the 
“Green Portfolio”) that matches or exceeds the balance of net proceeds of all outstanding Green Bonds issued 
under the Green Bond Framework.
The Eligible Green Assets will be selected in line with the Eligibility Criteria and the evaluation and selection 
process described above.
The Issuer will individually label all allocated Eligible Green Assets in its internal information systems and will 
monitor the Green Portfolio. If an asset is matured, redeemed or no longer meets the Eligibility Criteria, the 
Issuer will do its best effort to replace it with an Eligible Green Asset. On a quarterly basis, the Green Bond 
Committee will verify the availability of sufficient Eligible Green Assets in the Green Portfolio to match the 
outstanding Green Bonds.
Pending the allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds of Green Bonds and while the Green Portfolio 
has a positive balance, such amounts will be invested within the treasury portfolios, in money market products, 
cash and/or cash equivalent, in accordance with the Issuer’s general internal policies.
5
The treatment of wastewater from fossil fuel operations is excluded

--- Page 124 ---
Green Bond Framework
124
5
Reporting
The Issuer expects to publish annually a report that will detail the allocation of amounts equal to the net proceeds 
of Green Bonds and the environmental impact of the Eligible Green Assets included in its Green Portfolio. 
These reports will be publicly available on the Issuer’s website (https://www.belfius.be/about-
us/en/investors/debt-issuance/green-bonds). Any report will not form part of, and will not be incorporated by 
reference into, the Base Prospectus.
Allocation of proceeds reporting
As long as any Green Bond is outstanding, the Issuer expects to report annually on the use of the amounts equal 
to the net proceeds of the Green Bonds. This report is expected to detail:
-
the total amount of Green Bonds issued;
-
the Green Portfolio, including a breakdown by Eligible Category; and
-
the balance of unallocated amounts, if any.
Impact reporting
The Issuer intends to report annually on the environmental impact of the Green Portfolio at an aggregated level.
6
External review
Second Party Opinion
The Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics to provide a second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) on 
the Green Bond Framework who has verified and confirmed the sustainability of the Green Bond Framework 
and alignment of it with the Green Bond Principles. In particular, Sustainalytics has assessed whether the Green 
Bond Framework aligns to the four components of the Green Bond Principles relating to the use of proceeds, 
project evaluation and selection, management of proceeds and reporting. The Second Party Opinion does not 
form part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, the Base Prospectus.
Verification
The Issuer will request on an annual basis, starting one year after the issuance of the first Green Bonds and until 
maturity, a limited assurance report of the allocation of the amounts equal to the net proceeds of the Green 
Bonds to its Green Portfolio, provided by an independent external auditor. Any limited assurance report will 
not form part of, and will not be incorporated by reference into, the Base Prospectus.
7
General
Prior to any investment in Green Bonds, investors should have regard to the factors described under the section 
headed “Risk Factors”, in particular the risk factor entitled “Risks related to Notes which qualify as “Green 
Bonds” which have a particular use of proceeds identified in the applicable Final Terms”.
Notwithstanding any use of the net proceeds of the Green Bonds identified in the applicable Final Terms, 
investors should note that (i) such Green Bonds will be fully subject to the CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments, as applicable, (ii) the Green Bonds can be 
subject to bail-in and write-down or conversion powers and (iii) this will not affect the particular status of such 
Green Bonds as identified in the applicable Final Terms, including, as applicable, in terms of subordination, 
loss absorbency features and regulatory treatment.

--- Page 125 ---
Description of the Issuer
125
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
1
Belfius Bank profile
Belfius Bank SA/NV (the “Issuer” or “Belfius Bank”) is a limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap/
société anonyme) established on 23 October 1962 for an unlimited duration and incorporated under Belgian law 
which collects savings from the public. The Issuer is licensed as a credit institution in accordance with the 
Belgian Banking Law. It is registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under business identification 
number 0403.201.185 and has its registered office at 1210 Brussels, Place Charles Rogier 11, Belgium, 
telephone +32 22 22 11 11. Belfius Bank’s LEI code is A5GWLFH3KM7YV2SFQL84. The commercial name 
of the Issuer is Belfius Bank in English, Belfius Bank in Dutch and Belfius Banque in French.
The share capital of Belfius Bank as at 31 December 2023 was EUR 3,458,066,227.41 and is represented by 
359,412,616 registered shares. The shareholding of Belfius Bank is as follows: 359,407,616 registered shares 
are held by the public limited company of public interest Federal Holding and Investment Company (“FHIC”), 
in its own name but on behalf of the Belgian State, and 5,000 registered shares are held by the public limited 
company Certi-Fed. Certi-Fed is a fully-owned subsidiary of FHIC. Belfius Bank shares are not listed. 
At the end of 2023, total consolidated balance sheet amounted to EUR 179 billion.
With an essentially Belgian balance sheet for its commercial activities and customers from all segments, Belfius 
Bank is in a position to act as a universal bank for twelve years now and to be “meaningful and inspiring for 
Belgian society”. Belfius Bank is committed to maximal customer satisfaction and added social value by 
offering products and providing services with added value through a modern distribution model. Thanks to a 
prudent investment policy and a carefully managed risk profile, Belfius Bank aspires to a sound financial profile 
that results in a solid liquidity and solvency position.
2
Simplified group structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus
(1) For more details, see the list of subsidiaries in the consolidated financial statements in the 2023 annual report. 
(2) Belfius Lease Services operates under the same brand (logo) as Belfius Lease.
(3) Following the strategic partnership with Candriam, one share of Belfius Asset Management is held by Candriam.
Belfius Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to herein as “Belfius”.
3
Belfius Bank profile
The entities mentioned below are subsidiaries of the Issuer.

--- Page 126 ---
Description of the Issuer
126
Belfius Insurance
Insurance company marketing life and non-life insurance products, savings products and investments for 
individuals, the self-employed, liberal professions, companies and the public and social sector. At the end of 
2023, the total consolidated balance sheet of Belfius Insurance amounted to EUR 19 billion1.
Crefius
Company servicing and managing mortgage loans. At the end of 2023, the total balance sheet of Crefius 
amounted to EUR 22 million2.
Belfius Auto Lease
Company for operational vehicle leasing and car fleet management, maintenance and claims management 
services. At the end of 2023, the total balance sheet of Belfius Auto Lease amounted to EUR 661 million3.
Belfius Lease
Company for financial leasing and renting of professional capital goods. At the end of 2023, the total balance 
sheet of Belfius Lease amounted to EUR 1,115 million4.
Belfius Lease Services
Financial leasing and renting of professional capital goods to the self-employed, companies and liberal 
professions. At the end of 2023, the total balance sheet of Belfius Lease Services amounted to EUR 3,039
million5.
Belfius Commercial Finance
Company for financing commercial loans to debtors, debtor in-solvency risk cover and debt recovery from 
debtors (factoring). At the end of 2023, the total balance sheet of Belfius Commercial Finance amounted to 
EUR 1,414 million6.
Belfius Asset Management
Company for administration and management of investment funds. At the end of 2023, the total balance sheet 
of Belfius Asset Management amounted to EUR 185 million7 and assets under management amounted to 
EUR 30.7 billion.
4
Results 20238
Belfius’ consolidated net income reached EUR 1,115 million in 2023, driven by strong commercial dynamics 
and increasing income, within a persistently executed strategy supported by solid ALM management and despite 
inflationary pressures on the cost side.
1
For more details, see the 2023 annual report of Belfius Insurance. The 2023 annual report of Belfius Insurance does not form part of, and is 
not incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus.
2
Total IFRS balance sheet before consolidation adjustments.
3
Total IFRS balance sheet before consolidation adjustments.
4
Total IFRS balance sheet before consolidation adjustments.
5
Total IFRS balance sheet before consolidation adjustments.
6
Total IFRS balance sheet before consolidation adjustments.
7
Total IFRS balance sheet before consolidation adjustments.
8
Belfius, as integrated bank-insurer, has released its 2023 results in accordance with the new accounting standard IFRS 17 with regards to 
insurance activities. Consequently, the balance sheet and P&L figures, as well as specific ratios, have been changed or redefined. All these 
changes have been implemented with retroactive effect to the 2022 results.

--- Page 127 ---
Description of the Issuer
127
Total income amounted to EUR 4,050 million in 2023, up +9% or EUR +338 million compared to 2022 (EUR 
3,712 million) thanks to:

increase of the bank’s net interest income by +20% (EUR 2,108 million in 2023 compared to EUR 
1,752 million in 2022) in a higher interest rate environment, driven by improving interest margin on 
non-maturing deposits and still supportive remuneration on the large liquidity buffer held in cash during 
the year. This overall growth of interest margin is somewhat softened by: (i) a volume shift from non-
maturing deposits towards term funding, (ii) pressure on new loan margins from general market delay 
between loan pricings and sharp increases of market interest rates and (iii) continued strong competition 
in the Belgian loan market;

increasing net fee and commission income bank from EUR 757 million in 2022 compared to EUR 760 
million in 2023, mainly thanks to increasing payment service and third-party product fees, as well as 
continuously growing fees from Non-Life insurance activities through the banking network;

growing insurance pre-provision income contribution, despite lower financial income in higher interest 
rate environment leading to decreasing Life insurance income (EUR 456 million in 2023 compared to
EUR 482 million in 2022) and thanks to higher Non-life & Health insurance income (EUR 866 million 
in 2023 compared to EUR 809 million in 2022), in line with sound portfolio growth;

other income at EUR -140 million in 2023 compared to EUR -88 million in 2022, mainly stemming 
from higher bank levies in 2023 and the reversal of some provisions in 2022.
Insurance Service Expenses adjusted9 for directly attributable costs for insurance contracts and reinsurance 
amounted to EUR -708 million in 2023 compared to EUR -787 million in 2022. This improvement was mainly 
driven by Non-Life, thanks to the recalibration of the confidence interval to 77.5% and to the lower level of 
natural catastrophes’ claims in 2023 while 2022 was impacted by the February 2022 storms, as well as to the 
impact of reduced inflation assumptions on Best Estimate calculation.
Belfius continued to develop its strong footprint in operational, commercial and financial terms, by investing 
in human talent and digital capital. The year 2023 has been marked by further investments in technology as 
well as in human capital. Costs10 went up by +7% at EUR 1,740 million in 2023 compared to EUR 1,620 million 
in 2022 due to inflationary pressures and these growth investments. However, thanks to the solid income 
evolution year-on-year, Belfius’ C/I ratio11 further improved at 43% in 2023 compared to 44% in 2022. 
All in all, the combination of strong income dynamics and improved insurance service expenses adjusted, 
despite growing operating expenses as well as continuing investments in commercial activities, ESG, IT and 
digitalisation, led to an increase in pre-provision income12 by +23%, to EUR 1,603 million in 2023 (compared 
to EUR 1,305 million in 2022).
In 2023, Belfius made again a detailed review of its credit risk portfolio and continued to calibrate its IFRS 9 
provisions. 
Belfius continues to evolve its credit risk provisioning in synchronisation with such transforming context, where 
inflationary pressures have had the hand over recession risk during the year 2023, and where economic growth 
continued to show more resilience than formerly anticipated in general.
9
Insurance Service Expenses Adjusted equal Insurance Service Expenses, plus Net Reinsurance Result, minus Operating Expenses allocated 
to Insurance Service Expenses.
10 Including directly attributable costs for insurance contracts.
11 Representing Costs (including costs directly attributable to insurance services) divided by Income.
12 Pre-provision income is pre-provision income before impairments on financial instruments and provisions for credit commitments and
impairments on tangible and intangible assets.

--- Page 128 ---
Description of the Issuer
128
The former best estimate “ex-ante provisioning” of expected losses due to the effects of the Covid-crisis, 
including expert based overlays for some Covid-impacted sectors, has been:

slightly adjusted for improving economic outlooks (moving from EUR 124 million at the end of 2022 
to EUR 88 million at the end of 2023), fully focusing again on forward looking assessment, and 

redirected from Covid-induced overlays for vulnerable sectors to Inflation and Energy related 
vulnerabilities.
Next to that, higher migration to stage 3 (mainly during the first half of 2023) has occurred, especially in the 
construction and manufacturing sectors (SME to mid-sized companies).
This led in 2023 to a negative cost of risk of EUR -109 million (net allowance), more in line than the past few 
years with historical terms, compared to EUR -105 million or a net allowance in 2022. 
As a result, the net income before taxes amounted to EUR 1,493 million in 2023 compared to EUR 1,197 
million in 2022. 
The tax expenses amounted to EUR 376 million in 2023 compared to EUR 264 million in 2022, showing an 
effective tax rate in line with the statutory tax rate (25%). The higher IFRS taxes in 2023 are mainly the result 
of a higher consolidated result before tax than in 2022 and the limitation of the NTK13 deductibility to 20% 
since the start of the year (compared to 100% the previous years). 
As a consequence, consolidated net income 2023 reached EUR 1,115 million compared to EUR 932 million in 
2022. This is Belfius’ highest net income since its origins, back in 2011.
In terms of financial robustness, Belfius continues to combine dynamic growth with sound solvency, liquidity 
and risk metrics:

the CET 114 ratio stood at 16.0%, down 49 bps compared to the CET 1 ratio as of December 2022. This 
decrease over 2023 is mainly the result of higher regulatory risk exposures (EUR +5.4 billion to EUR 
69.5 billion), partially compensated by higher CET 1 capital (EUR +539 million);

this strong and solid CET 1 level is net of a 40% dividend pay-out ratio, hence a potential 2023 dividend 
of EUR 440.3 million 15 , thanks to which Belfius continued to support its commercial franchise 
development. Hence, the total cumulative amount of dividends since Belfius’ origins back in 2011 
amounts to EUR 2.5 billion;

the total capital ratio stood at 19.14% compared to 19.76% at the end of 2022;

the leverage ratio increased to 6.5% compared to 6.2% at the end of December 2022. The increase is the 
result of the higher regulatory Tier 1 capital, and a lower leverage exposure; 

insurance activities also displayed continued solid solvency metrics, with a Solvency II ratio of 195% 
end of December 2023;

at the end of December 2023, Belfius continued to show an excellent liquidity and funding profile with 
a LCR of 139% and a NSFR of 128%;
13 Belgian tax on credit institutions.
14 The pro forma of the CET 1 ratio, total capital ratio, leverage ratio and Net Asset Value takes into account the implementation of IFRS 17 as 
well as the IFRS 9 business model reassessment on 1 January 2023, where a reclassification of EUR 8.9 billion has taken place from the 
Belfius Insurance portfolio of loans and debt securities measured at amortised cost to loans and debt securities measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income.
15 As decided by the Board of Directors of 21 March 2024 upon a proposal for dividend (as approved by the General Assembly of 24 April 2024) 
over 2023 year-end results.

--- Page 129 ---
Description of the Issuer
129

total shareholders’ equity (Net Asset Value) further improved to EUR 11.7 billion at the end of 
December 2023 (compared to EUR 10.9 billion end 2022), as a result of strong financial results and 
favourable financial markets. 
5
Minimum CET 1 requirements (SREP)
Following the annual “Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process” finalised at the end of 2022 and taking into 
account the sectoral systemic risk buffer for Belgian residential real estate exposures (notified by the NBB in 
May 2022), Belfius has to comply with a minimum CET 1 capital ratio for 2023 of 10.099% (before Pillar 2 
Guidance).
The Pillar 2 Requirement (P2R) was set at 2.14% (to compare with 2.13% in 2022) to be held in the form of 
56.25% CET 1 capital and includes a prudential add-on for non-performing exposures of 14 bps. 
The countercyclical buffer was set at 0.13% (to compare with 0.06% in 2022), an increase of 7 bps mainly 
following the change in countercyclical buffer rate for Great Britain. 
In line with the enhanced resilience of Belfius in the EBA stress test published in July 2021 as set forth in the 
2021 SREP Decision which continues to apply, the Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G) remains unchanged at 0.75% on 
the CET 1 capital ratio. As a result, Belfius has to comply with a minimum CET 1 ratio of 10.849% for 2023 
(to compare with 10.801% in 2022). The consolidated CET 1 capital ratio of Belfius at the end of December 
2023 stood at 15.95%, well above the 2023 applicable CET 1 capital ratio requirement of 10.099%.
Further to these regulatory requirements, Belfius stated in its Risk Appetite Framework that, in normal market 
circumstances and under stable regulations, it would strive to respect a minimum operational CET 1 ratio of 
13.5%, on consolidated level.
6
Segment reporting
Analytically, Belfius splits its activities and accounts in three segments: Individuals (IND), Entrepreneurs, 
Enterprises and Public (E&E&P) and Group Center (GC).

Individuals (IND), managing the commercial relationships with individual customers both at bank and 
insurance level. Within the Individuals segment, four subsegments are distinguished: Savers, Investors, 
Private and Wealth;

Entrepreneurs, Enterprises and Public (E&E&P), managing the commercial relationships with public 
and social sector, business and corporate clients both at bank and insurance level;

Group Center (GC), containing the residual results not allocated to the two commercial segments. This 
mainly consists of results from Bonds and Derivatives portfolio management.
Individuals (IND)
Business description
Belfius Bank offers individuals a comprehensive range of retail, private banking, wealth management and 
insurance products and services. Belfius Bank serves its 3.4 million customers through its integrated omni-
channel distribution network, which includes 468 branches, digital channels, its modern interaction platform 
Belfius Connect and a large number of automatised self-banking machines. Through executing its digital 
strategy, Belfius Bank became a leader in mobile banking with over 1.98 million active mobile users.
Belfius Insurance, a subsidiary of Belfius Bank, distributes its insurance products through the Belfius Bank 
branches and multi-channel distribution network, through the tied agent network of DVV Insurance, as well as 
through Belfius Direct Insurance. Through its Elantis and DVV brands, Belfius also offers mortgage loans and 
consumer loans to its customers.

--- Page 130 ---
Description of the Issuer
130
Individuals results in 2023
As at 31 December 2023, total savings and investments amounted to EUR 121.7 billion, an increase of +4.6% 
compared with the end of 2022, thanks to EUR 2.3 billion organic growth and EUR 3.1 billion market effect in 
2023. Higher interest rates shifted the product mix from Non-Maturing deposits to Maturing Deposits (Term 
Deposits, Bonds) and to the 1Y State Government Bond. 
Non-Maturing deposits totalled EUR 55.7 billion as at 31 December 2023, down -11.0% from the end of 2022. 
The payment and savings accounts outstanding reached EUR 12.6 billion (-9.7%) and EUR 43.1 billion 
(-11.3%), respectively, at the end of December 2023.
Maturing deposits and Branch 21 amounted to EUR 18.3 billion, up +38.6% compared to the end of 2022. This 
strong increase is mainly due to Term Deposits and Bonds that benefitted from higher interest rates and 
amounted to EUR 4.2 billion (+225% compared to 2022) and EUR 9.9 billion (+25% compared to 2022), 
respectively.
Asset Management Service and Equity investments volumes increased by +10.0% compared to the end of 2022, 
to EUR 41 billion, mainly explained by the positive market effect and to a lesser extent by the organic growth.
Total loans to customers increased by +3.5% to EUR 50.3 billion as at 31 December 2023. Mortgage loans, 
which account for 90% of all loans for Individuals, amounted to EUR 45.4 billion at the end of 2023 (+3.4%), 
while consumer loans and other loans to Individuals stood at EUR 1.8 billion and EUR 3.0 billion, respectively, 
stable compared to 2022.
New long-term loans granted to Individuals clients during 2023 amounted to EUR 6.6 billion, a decrease of -
29% compared to EUR 9.3 billion in 2022. In 2023, the new production of mortgage loans decreased by -33% 
to EUR 5.3 billion. During the same period, EUR 0.8 billion in consumer loans and EUR 0.5 billion in new 
long-term business loans were granted, stable compared to 2022.
Non-life insurance Gross Written Premiums grew by +7.2% in 2023 compared to 2022, at EUR 675 million, 
boosted by Belfius Bank’s distribution channel (+9.6%). The premium collection in DVV Insurance amounted 
to EUR 297 million, (+6.1% compared to 2022) and in Belfius Direct Insurance, previously Corona, to EUR 71 
million, up +1.6% compared to 2022. Such growth is mostly driven by premium indexation to compensate for 
inflation pressure on claims and costs, but also slightly improving thanks to net new business growth in Bank-
Insurance and DVV.
The mortgage loan intentional cross-sell ratio for credit balance insurance increased to reach 136% at the end 
of 2023. The intentional mortgage loan cross-sell ratio for property insurance increased to 88%. 
Life insurance reserves increased slightly (+3.5%) since end 2022 to EUR 10.1 billion at the end of 2023. Unit-
linked reserves (Branch 23) increased with +6%, mainly thanks to a positive market effect of EUR 0.3 billion 
and the reserves Life Invest Branch 21 increased with +7% since Belfius was the first to launch a product with 
increased guaranteed interest rate.
Individuals’ net income after tax increased by +33.0% from EUR 394 million in 2022 to EUR 524 million in 
2023. 
Entrepreneurs, Enterprises & Public (E&E&P)
Business description
The Business Banking segment mainly comprises self-employed persons, liberal professions (e.g. lawyers, 
doctors, accountants and so on) and SMEs with a turnover of EUR 0 to EUR 10 million. 
The Corporate Banking segment includes medium and large Belgian companies with a turnover of more than 
EUR 10 million and operating in Belgium in all sectors of activity.

--- Page 131 ---
Description of the Issuer
131
The Public and Social segment includes local public bodies (e.g. municipalities, provinces, police districts and 
public centres for social action), supralocal public bodies, regional and federal public bodies, mutual societies 
and trade unions, healthcare (hospitals, retirement homes), education (universities, schools) and housing, as 
well as foundations, social secretariats and pension funds.
Belfius provides these clients with a wide and integrated range of products and services, including credit 
lending, treasury management, insurance products, financial markets products and financial IT tools.
Belfius Insurance also sells insurance products to its public and social sector clients. Specific life insurance 
solutions are offered, especially pension insurance in the second and third pension pillars for civil servants and 
investment products in Branch 26 (life insurance with a capital guarantee and guaranteed minimum return, to 
which a variable profit participation feature may be added). The development of the insurance policies 
specifically dedicated to the “Business” segment is one of the strategic development axes for both Life and 
Non-Life segments and are distributed via the Belfius Bank branches and via the tied agent network of DVV 
Insurance.
E&E&P’s results in 2023
As of 31 December 2023, total savings and investments amounted to EUR 65.0 billion, up +3.2% (EUR +2 
billion) compared to the end of 2022. Non-Maturing Deposits (saving and payment accounts) decreased by 
more than EUR 6 billion to EUR 33.4 billion, explained by the Product mix switch to Maturing Deposits. Asset 
Management Service and Equity investments increased by EUR 1.5 billion to EUR 10.5 billion, mainly 
explained by the positive market effect and the good organic growth. Other Savings and Investments increased 
by EUR 0.9 billion to EUR 9 billion, mainly explained by the increase in Commercial Paper.
Total outstanding loans increased to EUR 63.4 billion (+3.5%). Outstanding loans to Business customers has 
grown by EUR 0.6 billion (or +3.8%). Outstanding loans to Corporate customers has grown strongly by EUR 
1.9 billion (or +8.1%). In Public & Social Banking, the outstanding loans remained stable compared to 2022.
Belfius granted EUR 16.8 billion (+7%) in new long-term loans in the Belgian economy to Business, Corporate 
and Public and Social sector clients.
In 2023, EUR 4 billion new long-term loans to business clients were granted. Belfius assisted 42,864 new start-
ups (of which 30% are starters of 3 years or less), strong increase of +60% compared to 2022. 
The production of long-term loans for Corporate customers amounted to EUR 9.6 billion (+18% increase 
compared to 2022), confirming Belfius’ position as a leader in the corporate market, with a solid position and 
a market share of 21.1%.
In 2023, Belfius granted EUR 3.2 billion of new long-term financing to the public sector. Belfius remains the 
undisputed leader in this market and responds to every financing tender from public bodies, to which it offers 
sustainable financing conditions. Belfius manages the cash flow of virtually all local authorities and was 
awarded 58% (in volume on production) of the public sector financing files put out to tender in 2023.
Belfius also strengthened its leading position in the Debt Capital Markets (DCM) for (semi-)public and private 
companies: in 2023, Belfius Bank was involved in the issuance of EUR 6.6 billion in innovative financing 
instruments in the form of short-term issues (average outstanding amount on commercial paper) and long-term 
issues (Medium Term Notes and bonds).The E&E&P segment’s commercial results in insurance shows opposite 
trends in terms of underwriting volumes:

Non-life GWP E&E&P: increase compared to 2022 (+5.2%) to EUR 183 million thanks to growth in 
the business segment of both Bancassurance and DVV, offsetting the decrease in the Wholesale segment 
due to the end of an important Property contract;

--- Page 132 ---
Description of the Issuer
132

Production of E&E&P Life: decrease compared to 2022 by EUR -12 million to EUR 380 million. The 
main impact is on Business Pension GWP, which suffers from lower back services IPT, while GWP on 
wholesale contracts is only slightly lower than in 2022.
Net income after tax increased from EUR 421 million in 2022 to EUR 577 million in 2023.
Group Center (GC)
Group Center (GC) operates through two sub-segments:

Run-off portfolios, inherited from the Dexia era, which mainly comprise:
(i)
a portfolio of bonds issued by international issuers, particularly active in the public and 
regulated utilities sector (which includes UK inflation-linked bonds) and ABS/RMBS, the so-
called ALM Yield bond portfolio;
(ii) a portfolio of credit guarantees, comprising credit default swaps and financial guarantees 
written on underlying bonds issued by international issuers, and partially hedged by Belfius 
with monoline insurers (mostly Assured Guaranty); and
(iii) a portfolio of interest rate derivatives with Dexia entities as counterparty and with other foreign 
counterparties;

ALM liquidity and rate management and other Group Center activities, composed of liquidity and rate 
management of Belfius (including its ALM Liquidity bond portfolio, derivatives used for ALM 
management and the management of central assets) and other activities not allocated to commercial 
activities, such as corporate and financial market support services (e.g. Treasury), the management of 
two former specific loan files inherited from the Dexia era (loans to Gemeentelijke Holding/Holding 
Communal and Arco entities), and the Group Center of Belfius Insurance.
These portfolios and activities are further described below.
ALM Liquidity bond portfolio 
The ALM Liquidity bond portfolio is part of Belfius Bank’s total LCR liquidity buffer and is well diversified 
with high credit and liquidity quality.
At the end of 2023, the ALM Liquidity bond portfolio stood at EUR 7.8 billion, up EUR 0.7 billion, or 10%, 
compared with December 2022. At the end of 2023, the portfolio was composed of sovereign and public sector 
bonds (61%), covered bonds (33%), corporate bonds (5%) and asset-backed securities (<1%). Belgian and 
Italian government bonds in the ALM Liquidity bond portfolio both amounted to EUR 1.5 billion and EUR 0.9 
billion, respectively.
At the end of 2023, the ALM Liquidity bond portfolio had an average life of 6.9 years, and an average rating of 
A (100% of the portfolio being investment grade) compared with A- at year-end 2022.
ALM Yield bond portfolio 
The ALM Yield bond portfolio of Belfius Bank was used to manage excess liquidity (after optimal commercial 
use in the business lines) and consisted mainly of high-quality bonds from international issuers.
At the end of 2023, the ALM Yield bond portfolio stood at EUR 3.0 billion, down 3%, compared with December 
2022. At the end of 2023, the portfolio was composed of corporates (79%), sovereign and public sector (10%), 
asset-backed securities (6%), and financial institutions (4%). Almost 85% of corporate bonds, composed mainly 
of long-term inflation-linked bonds, are issued by highly regulated UK hospitals, infrastructure companies and 
utilities such as water and gas distribution companies. These bonds are of satisfactory credit quality and the

--- Page 133 ---
Description of the Issuer
133
majority of these bonds are covered by credit protection from a credit insurer (monoline insurer) that is 
independent from the bond issuer.
At the end of 2023, the ALM Yield bond portfolio had an average life of 18.9 years. The average rating of the 
ALM Yield bond portfolio stood at A-. 94% of the portfolio was investment grade.
Derivatives with Dexia entities and foreign counterparties
During the period it was part of the Dexia Group, formerly Dexia Bank Belgium (now Belfius Bank) was Dexia 
Group’s “competence centre” for derivatives (mainly interest rate swaps). This meant that all Dexia entities 
were able to cover their market risks with derivatives with Dexia Bank Belgium, mainly under standard 
contractual terms related to cash collateral. The former Dexia Bank Belgium systematically re-hedged these 
derivative positions externally, as a result of which these derivatives broadly appear twice in Belfius’ accounts: 
once in relation to Dexia entities and once for hedging. The total outstanding notional amount of derivatives with 
Dexia entities and interest rate derivatives with international counterparties amounted to EUR 7.0 billion at the 
end of 2023, down EUR 1.1 billion, or -13%, compared with EUR 8.1 billion at the end of December 2022.
Derivatives with Dexia entities decreased by 16% (or EUR -1.0 billion) to EUR 5.2 billion at the end of 2023. 
This decrease is due mainly to amortisations. Derivatives with international counterparties decreased by EUR 
0.2 billion (or -10%) to EUR 1.7 billion at the end of 2023.
The fair value of Dexia and international counterparty derivatives amounted to EUR 0.8 billion at the end of 
2023. After collateralisation, the Exposure At Default (EAD) remained stable at EUR 0.7 billion.
At the end of 2023, the average rating of the total portfolio stood at BBB+ and the average residual life of the 
portfolio stood at 10.2 years16.
Credit guarantees
At the end of 2023, the credit guarantees portfolio amounted to EUR 1.9 billion, down EUR 0.1 billion or -5% 
compared with December 2022. It relates essentially to Financial Guarantees, and Credit Default Swaps issued 
on corporate/public issuer bonds (93%) and ABS (3%). The good credit quality of the underlying reference 
bond portfolio, additional protection against credit risk incorporated in the bond itself and the protections 
purchased by Belfius, mainly from various monoline insurers (US reinsurance companies, essentially Assured 
Guaranty) resulted in a portfolio that is 97% investment grade in terms of credit risk profile. The most important 
risk is a credit default swap position on a Mexican RMBS which saw its credit quality significantly deteriorate 
following an earlier change in indexation.
At the end of 2023, the average rating of the portfolio stood at A- (stable compared to year end 2022). The 
average residual life of the portfolio stood at 11.1 years.
Other Group Center activities
Other activities allocated to Group Center include:

the interest rate and liquidity transformation activity performed within ALM, after internal transfer 
pricing with commercial business lines, including the use of derivatives for global ALM management;

the management of two legacy loan files inherited from the Dexia era, i.e., the investment loans to two 
groups in liquidation, namely Gemeentelijke Holding/Holding Communal and some Arco entities;

the flow management, including hedge management, of internal and external interest rate derivative 
flows given that Group Center is the Belfius Competence Centre for interest rate derivatives;
16 Calculated on EAD.

--- Page 134 ---
Description of the Issuer
134

treasury activities (money market activities); and

the results including revenue and costs on assets and liabilities not allocated to a specific business line.
The Group Center of Belfius Insurance is also fully allocated to these other Group Center activities. The Belfius 
Insurance Group Center contains income from assets not allocated to a specific business line, the cost of Belfius 
Insurance’s subordinated debt, the results of certain of its subsidiaries and costs that are not allocated to a 
specific business line.
GC net income after tax stood at EUR 16 million in 2023, compared to EUR 118 million in 2022.
7
Post-balance sheet events 
Dividend
The Board of Directors of 21 March 2024 has proposed to the General Assembly of 24 April 2024 an ordinary 
dividend of EUR 440.3 million in respect of the accounting year 2023, based on a pay-out ratio of 40% on the 
consolidated 2023 net result, which was approved by the General Assembly of 24 April 2024.
Capital and liquidity management
To optimise its capital structure and to support its liquidity diversification, Belfius issued:

EUR 500 million of Non Preferred Senior notes in January 2024 with a maturity in January 2029;

EUR 500 million of Belgian Mortgage Pandbrieven with a 7-year maturity in February 2024; and

EUR 500 million of Tier 2 notes in March 2024, with a maturity in 2035 and call date in 2030.
8
Risk Management
Fundamentals of credit risk in 2023
Individuals
Due to a challenging macroeconomic environment, with moderate inflation and higher interest rates, the 2023 
mortgage lending production saw a 30% decrease compared to the previous years. Nonetheless, the current 
mortgage portfolio increased from a FEAD of EUR 41.9 billion at the end of 2022 to EUR 43 billion in 2023.
Belfius was largely compliant with the NBB expectations set in 2019 regarding newly originated loans. The 
share of loans with LTV>90% remained relatively stable at 13.7%, while the loans with both an LTV>90% and 
a DSTI>50% represented 3% of the total 2023 production, well below the 5% threshold. Despite rising 
maturities and due to significantly larger interest payments, DSTI values were on average higher in 2023 
compared to 2022. 
Similar to last year, Belfius continued to monitor its mortgage portfolio for signs of deterioration. The negative 
impact of rising energy costs and inflation remained rather limited, mainly due to government energy subsidies 
as well as (partial) automatic wage indexations. A limited number of clients requested deferrals on capital 
payments in the context of the 2022 Febelfin initiative which ended in March of 2023. The volume of forborne 
mortgages decreased from EUR 419 million in 2022 to EUR 346 million in 2023 as a result of a large outflow 
of Covid-19 loans, more than compensating for the inflow related to higher energy costs.
Despite challenges posed by the current macroeconomic environment, the portfolio of mortgages performed 
well. Both the PD level and the NPL ratio of this portfolio remained stable at around 0.5% and 0.3% 
respectively. The share of newly originated fixed-rate interest rate mortgages remained high at 99%, reducing 
the impact of rising interest rates on the performance of these loans.

--- Page 135 ---
Description of the Issuer
135
Similarly to mortgages, consumer loans experienced a slowdown in production growth compared to 2022. The 
FEAD amounted to EUR 5.7 billion at the end of 2023, an increase of 3.7% compared to 2022. The average PD 
decreased from 0.8% in 2022 to 0.7% in 2023. However, the NPL ratio slightly worsened, rising from 2.3% at 
the end of 2022 to 3.0% a year later. The opposite movement of these two risk indicators can be attributed to a 
single large file that transitioned from performing to non-performing loan.
Entrepreneurs & Enterprises (E&E)
The economic environment remains challenging. Business confidence is showing some volatility, driven by 
variable energy prices, continued pressure on margins, a reduced potential for pass-through of higher costs, and 
higher interest rates, all within an ongoing search for a new normal. Some prudent signs of economic 
stabilisation are visible: inflation pressure has dropped significantly, supply chain issues have been resolved, 
and the labour market tightness has slightly softened. While most companies appear rather resilient, building 
cash buffers and maintaining investment plans (mainly to boost productivity through digitisation and 
automation) and workforce, for a growing part, the economic situation seems to be at a turning point. 
Geopolitical circumstances currently do not create a significant negative economic impact but are adding 
uncertainty in case nearby war conflicts were to spread to other countries.
These general observations hide sectoral differences. Fundamentals for the manufacturing industry remain 
weak, especially for high energy-intensive activities, but are stabilising after a period of softening demand 
because consumers have increasingly become cost-conscious. A notable exception in this segment is the 
construction and building materials sector, suffering heavily from the important cool-down of the real estate 
(development) market driven by the combination of higher construction costs and higher interest rates. On the 
other side of the spectrum, the services industry still has a positive drive, mainly in a B2B context, but has 
slowed down as well in real estate-related activities and retail trade (due to falling demand).
This mixed view is visible in the overall portfolio monitoring of Belfius' E&E loan portfolio, amounting to 
EUR 62.2 billion at the end of 2023:

overall credit quality in the E&E segment is stable (average PD of 1.64% end 2023 compared to 1.58% 
end 2022) but with increasing watchlist volumes and, in the SME segment, also rising PD and NPL 
levels;

production, especially in Corporate Banking, continued to be very dynamic with high credit quality 
driven by good rated large tickets while increasing concentration to some extent;

the credit quality of the Commercial Real Estate portfolio showed a stable pattern but with attention 
points in the development sector and on smaller, less diversified, projects;

bankruptcies are gradually returning to pre-Covid levels but with regional and sectoral differences with 
a more pronounced growth in the sectors construction, transportation, and hospitality and catering 
industry.
The Covid-19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine caused a significant increase in the price of construction 
materials. This was followed by an increase in interest rates. As a result, the real estate values came under 
pressure, financing conditions became more difficult and expensive, and real estate companies have been 
confronted with refinancing needs at higher costs. At the same time, the cash flows generated by their projects 
and asset disposals became more complicated. Sales to individuals are running less smoothly because rising 
interest rates are affecting their overall budget capacity. Institutional investors, such as insurers and pension 
funds, shun real estate as they have new alternatives such as bonds. Property developers are thus forced to look 
for other ways to reduce their cash outflows and costs in anticipation of a new interest rate equilibrium. 
Taking into account the uncertainty about the construction and commercial real estate outlook, a fundamental 
reassessment of these sectors was performed in 2023, both from a concentration point of view and from an

--- Page 136 ---
Description of the Issuer
136
overall risk perspective. The deep dive analysis confirmed the fundamental credit quality of the portfolio but 
additional guidance has been given to cover for the increasing risk profile of smaller projects and individual 
concentrations. 
The EU Green Deal has started to create full awareness of ESG in all economic activities. E&E clients are 
accompanied by Belfius, a.o. through the Corporate Ambition programme, to implement a sustainable 
transition. In addition, the integration of ESG aspects in the credit granting process is accelerating, capitalising 
on the building blocks that have been implemented earlier.
Public sector clients
Belfius’ loan portfolio for the Public & Social sectors amounted to a FEAD of EUR 36.1 billion at the end of 
2023, contributing to the diversification of Belfius’ global loan portfolio. Overall, the public and social sector 
kept showing high credit standards and maintained its historically low risk profile, characterised by an average 
PD of 0.17% and an NPL ratio of 0.03%. However, this sector continues to face a number of challenges.
Belgian cities and municipalities had to deal with inflation peaking at 12.3% in October 2022. Although this 
figure has dropped drastically since then, to 1.35% last December, its effects have been felt strongly. Three 
factors were of particular concern. Firstly, general expenditure and interest payments rose sharply. Secondly, 
wages increased due to indexation, which is connected to inflation. Thirdly, energy bills more than doubled 
while the cost of building materials rose as well, putting pressure on public investments. A positive point can 
be found in the unexpected rise of municipal revenues due to the fact that some municipal income sources 
(taxes, funds, allowances) are also subject to indexation mechanisms.
All in all, these developments have potential impacts on the financial stability of municipalities. In spite of 
budgets generally being balanced, financial reserves have steadily decreased since 2020. Rising public debt 
levels will therefore hamper the ability of (local) authorities to react effectively in case of economic shocks, as 
was the case, for instance, during the COVID 19 pandemic. Regarding the performance of the Belgian Regions 
and Communities, the situation remains challenging as well, prompting Belfius to lower the outlook for some 
of these entities. 
In addition, some necessary long-term expenditures will limit the space for budgetary manoeuvring for the 
public sector. Geopolitical risks may require higher investments in national security, and high energy costs have 
impaired the economic competitiveness of Europe since the start of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Large 
investments are required with regard to infrastructure (rail, roads etc.), the energy transition and climate 
adaptation. Moreover, the Belgian Federal Planning Bureau forecasts the costs of the ageing population to 
outpace economic growth until 2050, when social expenditure is expected to peak at 30.1% of Belgian GDP. 
Furthermore, the lack of clarity regarding the fiscal reform will persist until at least the federal elections of June 
2024. 
Consequently, the National Bank of Belgium warns that the current federal budget might not be sustainable for 
the future, as it will push the deficit above 5% in 2026, while national debt would be around 110% of GDP in 
that same year. On a positive note, economic growth levels will remain healthy, amounting to 1.5% for 2023. 
The labour market continues to be robust, albeit tight. 
Similar to the cities and municipalities, the Belgian hospitals were confronted with a sharp rise in energy and 
personnel costs, the latter due to indexation in an inflationary environment.
Insurance
The management of the credit risk of Belfius Insurance is the responsibility of Belfius Insurance risk 
management team, albeit in collaboration with the credit risk teams of Belfius Bank and aligned with the risk 
management guidelines that are applicable for the whole Belfius group. As such, this implies that credit limits 
are defined on a consolidated basis (with dedicated limits for Belfius Bank and Belfius Insurance) and that

--- Page 137 ---
Description of the Issuer
137
transfers of limits between Belfius Bank and Belfius Insurance are permitted, on the condition that both parties 
agree. The CROs of Belfius Bank and Belfius Insurance coordinate the requests among each other.
Exposures to credit risk
Breakdown of credit risk by counterparty:
31 December 
2022
31 December 
2023
(FEAD17, in EUR billion)
Central governments.....................................................................................
37.2
30.9
Public sector entities.....................................................................................
41.1
40.6
Corporate…………………………………………………………………...
50.9
54.3
Project finance……………………………………………………………...
2.3
2.4
Retail.............................................................................................................
61.7
63.0
Financial institutions.....................................................................................
11.9
12.1
Other18……………………………………………………………………..
3.9
4.4
Total .............................................................................................................
209.1
207.7
The figures in the above table are after elimination of intra-group exposures, but with inclusion of credit 
exposure from trading activities and counterparty credit risk.
Exposures are allocated to the final counterparty. This means that if substitution is applied to a certain exposure 
to a borrower guaranteed by another party, the exposure is shifted to the region, type of exposure and rating of 
the guaranteeing party.
As at 31 December 2023, the total credit risk exposure within Belfius amounted to EUR 207.7 billion, a decline 
of EUR -1.4 billion or -0.65% compared to the end of 2022.
This decline is attributable to the banking activity (by EUR 1.5 billion), slightly offset by the increase for Belfius 
Insurance (by EUR 166 million).
The decline by EUR -6.4 billion observed on the segment central governments is mostly due to the reduction 
of liquidity reserves deposited at the NBB. In terms of government bonds, the exposure has slightly increased 
on the bank side (by EUR 77 million), while remaining stable for Belfius Insurance year-on-year. Nearly half 
(46%) of the government bonds portfolio is invested in Belgian government bonds at the Group level. While at 
bank level the Belgian government bonds represents 41% of the total government bond portfolio, the relative 
proportion at Belfius Insurance stood at 49%.
The credit risk exposure on individuals, self-employed and SMEs (30.3% of the total) and corporates (26% of 
the total) constitute the two main categories. The exposure on those categories increased by EUR 1.3 billion 
and EUR 3.3 billion respectively, reflecting Belfius’ strategy to support the Belgian economy.
17 Full Exposure At Default.
18 Other include, among others, deferred tax assets, tangible and intangible assets and gains and losses on the hedged item in portfolio hedge of 
interest rate risk.

--- Page 138 ---
Description of the Issuer
138
The credit risk exposure on public sector entities and institutions that are guaranteed by these public sector 
entities declined further in 2023 by EUR -0.5 billion. 
Belfius’ positions are mainly concentrated in the European Union: 95% or EUR 183.0 billion at bank level and 
95% or EUR 14 billion for Belfius Insurance. The total credit risk exposure in Belgium is 86%, 3.4% in France 
and 2.5% in the United Kingdom, 1.3% in the United States and Canada, 1.2% in Luxemburg, 0.9% in Spain, 
0.7% in Germany and 0.6% in Italy. The increase in the total credit risk exposures for Belgium (74% to 86% 
year-on-year) is explained by the reclassification of the deposits at central bank from Other EU countries to 
Belgium.
The credit risk exposure to counterparties in the United Kingdom amounted to EUR 5.1 billion, a slight increase 
of EUR 124 million from the last year. About 60% of this credit risk exposure concerns bonds, of which close 
to two-third are inflation-linked, issued by utilities and infrastructure companies in the United Kingdom that 
operate in regulated sectors such as water, gas and electricity distribution. These bonds are of good credit 
quality, and moreover most of the outstanding bonds are covered with a credit protection issued by a credit 
insurer with a sound rating that is independent from the bond issuer. The remainder concerns the bond portfolio 
of Belfius Insurance, a short-term credit portfolio for treasury management of Belfius Bank and receivables on 
clearing houses. The credit risks of these portfolios are also of good credit quality. 
At the end of December 2023, 76% of the total credit risk exposure had an investment grade (IG) internal credit 
rating.
Asset quality
At the end of 2023, the amount of impaired loans on a consolidated basis amounted to EUR 2,259 million, an 
increase of +11.5% compared to year-end 2022. During the same period, the gross outstanding loans to 
customers increased by +4.1% and amounted to EUR 115,778 million at the end of 2023. As a consequence, 
the asset quality ratio amounted to 1.95% at the end of 2023. The stage 3 impairments increased by 4.8% and 
amount to EUR 1,266 million. The coverage ratio on impaired loans is 56.0%, compared to 59.6%. The decrease 
is mainly explained by a number of new defaulted files with strong collateral and recovery perspectives 
combined with reversals on existing files in default and the write-off of files with a high coverage without 
material additional impairment.
Liquidity risk
During 2023, Belfius consolidated its diversified liquidity profile by:

maintaining a funding surplus within the commercial balance sheet;

increasing diversified long-term funding from institutional investors;

collecting short and medium-term (CP/CD/EMTN) deposits from institutional investors; 

issuing ECB eligible retained covered bonds.
The participation of Belfius Bank in the ECB TLTRO III funding programme for an amount of EUR 15.7 billion 
was reduced to EUR 6 billion end of 2022. In June 2023 another EUR 3.3 billion was repaid, and in December 
2023 another EUR 1.3 billion was repaid. This leads to a residual funding through TLTRO of EUR 1.4 billion, 
that will expire in March 2024.
Belfius Bank closed the year 2023 with a 12-month average LCR of 139%. This decrease since end of December 
2022 (173%), is mainly explained by the repayment of the TLTRO, the outflows of commercial deposits due to 
the 1 year Belgian government bond, and a continued strong growth in commercial loans. The high quality 
liquid assets (HQLA) end of December 2023 are composed of 69% Level 1 cash, 27% Level 1 bonds, 3% Level 
2A bonds and 1% Level 2B bonds.

--- Page 139 ---
Description of the Issuer
139
The Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), based on the binding CRR2 rules and calculated according to EBA 
templates, stood at 128% at year-end 2023, a decrease also explained by the repayment of the TLTRO, outflows 
of commercial deposits to the Belgian government bond and continued growth in commercial loans.
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL)
On 15 December 2023, the NBB notified Belfius that going forward it has to execute the SRB MREL instruction 
regarding the minimum requirement own funds and eligible liabilities at the consolidated level of Belfius Bank 
under BRRD2. For Belfius Bank, the MREL requirement on a consolidated basis is set at 23.75% of Total Risk 
Exposure Amount (TREA) and 7.07% of Leverage Ratio Exposure (LRE). 
Belfius Bank must meet the target no later than 1 January 2024 and must provide for a linear build-up of equity 
and eligible liabilities towards the requirement. The SRB also determined an intermediate target of 22.37% of 
TREA and 6.84% of LRE which had to be met by 1 January 2022. 
The SRB MREL instruction also defines a subordination requirement: Belfius Bank must meet at least 15.21% 
of TREA and 7.07% of LRE by means of subordinated MREL. Own funds used to meet the combined buffer 
requirement (CBR) set out in Directive 2013/36/EU (at 4.40% of TREA for Belfius currently) are not eligible 
to meet the requirements expressed in TREA. Belfius Bank must comply with this subordination requirement 
by 1 January 2024, subject to an intermediate target of 15.21% of TREA and 6.84% of LRE by 1 January 2022. 
Belfius already meets its expected BRRD2 MREL requirements end 2023. Indeed, expressed in TREA, Belfius 
MREL realised of EUR 20.2 billion amounts 29.02% to be compared with 28.15% of the 2024 final binding 
target (including CBR). 
In the same way, Belfius MREL subordination of EUR 15.1 billion amounts 21.79% of TREA to be compared 
with 19.61% of the binding target (including CBR). Expressed in LRE, Belfius MREL subordination of 8.56% 
stands in excess of 7.07% MREL requirement.
Liquidity reserves
At the end of 2023, Belfius Bank had available liquidity reserves of EUR 45.1 billion. These reserves consisted 
of EUR 20.2 billion in cash, EUR 8.8 billion in ECB eligible bonds and EUR 16.1 billion in other assets also 
eligible at the ECB (of which EUR 10.9 billion in bank loans and EUR 5.3 billion in retained bonds).
These available liquidity reserves represent 7.1 times Belfius Bank’s institutional funding outstanding at the 
end of 2023 and having a remaining maturity of less than one year.
Encumbered assets 
Encumbered assets represent the on- and off-balance sheet assets that are pledged or used as collateral for
Belfius’ liabilities. Belfius has encumbered a part of its loan portfolio for issuing covered bonds and residential
mortgage-backed securities (RMBS). Furthermore, assets are encumbered for repurchase agreements and
collateral swaps. Belfius also continues to participate in TLTRO, for which assets are pledged as collateral.
Finally, a part of Belfius’ encumbrance results from collateral posted to secure derivatives transactions.
Belfius is active on the covered bond market since the set-up of the first covered bond programme in 2012.
Belfius Bank also collects funding through repo markets for a limited amount and other collateralised deposits. 
A small part of the credit claims is pledged directly as collateral for intraday liquidity.
Since 2017 in the context of the management of its liquidity buffer, Belfius is also active in securities lending
transactions under agreed Global Master Securities Lending Agreements (GMSLA).
The balance of encumbered assets is mainly linked to collateral pledged (gross of collateral received) for the 
derivatives exposures under the form of cash or securities and to the collateral posted for the TLTRO funding. 
A significant part of collateral pledged is financed through collateral received from other counterparties with

--- Page 140 ---
Description of the Issuer
140
whom Belfius Bank concluded derivatives in the opposite direction. The exceptional drawing on the TLTRO 
III, allowing Belfius to generate additional P&L and capital in order to sustain the Belgian economy, has led to 
a higher-than-normal Asset Encumbrance Ratio. However, in 2023, Belfius Bank repaid partially the TLTRO 
III for an amount of EUR 4.6 billion and net cash collateral position slightly deteriorated with EUR 0.3 billion.
At year end 2023 (point-in-time), the sources of asset encumbrance (matching liabilities) mainly consisted of:

own covered bonds issued (EUR 6.8 billion);

TLTRO (EUR 1.4 billion);

derivatives exposures (EUR 3.7 billion);

repurchase agreements (EUR 1.4 billion).
9
Ratings
Between 1 January 2023 and 21 March 2024, rating agencies took the following decisions:

on 28 June 2023, S&P confirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A with Stable outlook; 

on 7 July 2023, Moody’s affirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A1 and changed the outlook to 
Positive from Stable; 

on 13 July 2023, Fitch affirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A- with Stable outlook;

on 27 December 2023, Moody’s affirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A1 with outlook Positive; 

on 28 December 2023, S&P confirmed Belfius Bank’s long-term rating at A with Stable outlook.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Belfius Bank had the following ratings:
Stand-alone 
rating (*)
Long-term 
rating
Outlook
Short-term 
rating
Fitch.........................................
A-
A-
Stable
F1
Moody’s...................................
Baa1
A1
Positive
Prime-1
Standard and Poor’s.................
A-
A
Stable
A-1
(*) Intrinsic creditworthiness
10
Other information
Dependency of the Issuer
The Issuer is not dependent on any of its subsidiaries, save for Belfius Insurance SA/NV. Belfius 
Insurance SA/NV holds the licenses required for insurance undertakings, and Belfius Bank consequently relies 
on it for the insurance activities carried out by it.
Arrangements resulting in a change of control
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no arrangements known to Belfius Bank, the operation of which 
may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of Belfius Bank.
Recent events
Other than as stated in the section entitled “Post-balance sheet events” above, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus there are no recent events particular to Belfius Bank which are, to a material extent, relevant to the 
evaluation of its solvency.

--- Page 141 ---
Description of the Issuer
141
11
Litigation
Belfius (Belfius Bank and its consolidated subsidiaries) is involved as a party in a number of litigations in 
Belgium, arising in the ordinary course of its business activities, including those where it is acting as an insurer, 
capital and credit provider, employer, investor and taxpayer.
Belfius recognises provisions for such litigations when, in the opinion of its management taking into account 
all available elements, including an analysis by its company lawyers and external legal advisors as the case may 
be:

a present obligation has arisen as a result of past events;

it is probable that Belfius will have to make a payment; and

the amount of such payment can be estimated reliably.
With respect to certain other litigations against Belfius, of which management is aware, no provision has been 
made according to the principles outlined here above, as the management is of the opinion, after due 
consideration of appropriate advice, that, while it is often not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate 
outcome of all pending litigations, such litigations are without legal merit, can be successfully defended, or that 
the outcome of these actions is not expected to result in a significant loss.
In the opinion of Belfius, the most important cases are listed below, regardless of whether a provision has been 
made or not19. Their description does not deal with elements or evolutions that do not have an impact on the 
position of Belfius. If the cases listed below were to be successful for the opposite parties, they could eventually 
result in monetary consequences for Belfius. For litigations for which no provision has been made, such impact 
remains unquantifiable at this stage. 
Arco – Cooperative shareholders 
Various parties, including Belfius Bank, have been summoned by Arco - Cooperative shareholders in three 
separate procedures, i.e.:

a procedure before the Dutch speaking Commercial Court of Brussels (Procedure C.C. Deminor);

a procedure before the Court of First Instance of Brussels (Procedure C.F.I. ArcoClaim 2018);

a procedure before the Court of First Instance of Brussels (Procedure C.F.I. Deminor 2022).
Procedure C.C. Deminor
On 30 September 2014, 737 shareholders from three companies of the Arco Group (Arcopar, Arcoplus and 
Arcofin) initiated (with support of Deminor) proceedings against the Arco entities and Belfius Bank before the 
Dutch-speaking Commercial Court of Brussels (the “Deminor Proceedings”). On 19 December 2014, 1,027 
additional shareholders of the Arco entities joined in the Deminor Proceedings. On 15 January 2016, 405 
additional shareholders of the Arco entities joined the Deminor Proceedings, resulting in a total of 2,169 
plaintiffs. On 16 November 2020, a further “Deminor” procedure was initiated, in which all plaintiffs except 
one joined, to anticipate a possible nullity of the original summons. The content of the two proceedings is 
identical. As a result, they are treated together. 
The plaintiffs have requested that the Brussels Court rules, among other things: 

in first order, that the agreements by virtue of which they became shareholders of the relevant Arco 
entities are null and void as a consequence of an alleged defect in consent; 
19 Please note that, where relevant, Article 92 of IAS37 may apply to this section.

--- Page 142 ---
Description of the Issuer
142

that the defendants should therefore, in solidum, reimburse the plaintiffs for their financial contribution 
in these entities plus interest; 

in the alternative, a compensation is asked of Belfius Bank for an alleged violation of the information 
duty; and 

that the defendants are liable for certain additional damages to the plaintiffs. 
The historical financial contribution of the 2,169 plaintiffs to the Arco Group entities, for which reimbursement 
is claimed, amounted to approximately EUR 6.5 million (principal amount). The plaintiffs’ claims in the 
Deminor Proceedings are based on allegations of fraud and/or error on the part of the Arco entities and Belfius 
Bank. In the alternative, the plaintiffs have argued that Belfius Bank breached its general duty of care as a 
normal and prudent banker. In relation to Belfius Bank, the plaintiffs have referred to certain letters and 
brochures allegedly containing misleading information issued by the predecessors of Belfius Bank. The Belgian 
State, DRS Belgium (Deminor) and the Chairman of the Management Board of the Arco entities are also 
defendants in the proceedings before the Commercial Court of Brussels. In the meantime, the VZW Arcoclaim 
also intervened in this litigation procedure (on grounds of an alleged transfer of claim by one of the 
plaintiffs/Arco shareholders). The case has been pleaded during several pleading sessions in June 2021. In its 
decision announced on 3 November 2021, the Dutch-speaking Commercial Court of Brussels rejected all the 
claims of the Arco shareholders. 
The Arco shareholders have launched an appeal against this judgement. The case is now pending before the 
Court of Appeal in Brussels. A pleading calendar has been determined. A pleading hearing is currently expected 
at the earliest in the second half of 2028.
Procedure C.F.I. ArcoClaim 2018
On 7 February 2018, two Arco shareholders summoned the Belgian State before the Court of First Instance of 
Brussels because they state that the Belgian State has made a fault by promising and introducing a guarantee 
scheme for shareholders of financial cooperative companies (like the Arco shareholders) which has been 
considered illicit state aid by the European Commission. These two plaintiffs also summoned Belfius Bank on 
8 February 2018 to intervene in this procedure and claim compensation from Belfius Bank because they 
consider that Belfius Bank erred in the sale of the Arco shares. Groups of Arco shareholders organised 
themselves via social media to mobilise other Arco shareholders to become claimant in this procedure. The 
VZW Arcoclaim also intervenes in this litigation procedure. 
In this procedure VZW Arcoclaim had requested the initiation of a mediation procedure before the court, but 
this request has been dropped in May 2023. 
To date, ArcoClaim has declared that 7,258 Arco shareholders have joined ArcoClaim, in addition to 5,334 Arco
shareholders already being part of ArcoClaim.
No pleading calendar has been fixed yet.
Procedure C.F.I. Deminor 2022
On 14 December 2022, ten Arco shareholders have launched a new judicial procedure with the assistance of 
Deminor against the Arco companies, the Belgian State and Belfius before the Court of First Instance in 
Brussels, in which they ask the defending parties to be condemned to indemnification based on extra-contractual 
liability, equal to claimant’s financial contribution including interests, dividends, and possible bonus reserves, 
as well as a supplementary indemnification for moral damages. To date, a total of 13,678 Arco shareholders 
have joined this procedure. ArcoClaim vzw also joined the procedure for one of its members.
A procedural calendar has been determined, with a relay hearing (to determine when pleadings can take place) 
on 10 December 2027. The parties have agreed that the procedural calendar will first focus on the admissibility

--- Page 143 ---
Description of the Issuer
143
of the claims. Only after the admissibility evaluation should another procedural calendar be determined for the 
evaluation of the substantive merits of the claims (only and insofar as any claim would be deemed admissible).
Investigations into Panama Papers
These paragraphs are mentioned for completeness only, although the matters below do not comprise a litigation. 
On 5 December 2017, a police search under the lead of an examining magistrate of Brussels
(onderzoeksrechter/juge d’instruction) took place at Belfius Bank’s head office in the framework of the Belgian 
“Panama Papers” Parliamentary Commission. Belfius Bank was investigated as a witness and has not been
accused of any wrongdoing. The scope of the investigation is to establish whether there are any violations of 
anti-money laundering obligations and to investigate the link between Belfius Bank (or its predecessors), and, 
among others, Experta and Dexia Banque Internationale à Luxembourg (i.e., former entities of the Dexia group).
To date, Belfius Bank has not received any further information since the above mentioned police search.
Investigation by public prosecutor into the activities of an independent bank agency
On 12 November 2020, public prosecution has been initiated, a.o. against Belfius Bank, for its alleged role in 
potential fraudulent activities that would have been conducted with the assistance of a director of an independent 
bank agency of Belfius Bank in violation of several (banking) regulations. After consultation of the criminal
file, Belfius continues to believe that it has sufficient valid arguments to result in these claims being declared 
inadmissible and/or without merit. No provision has been booked for this case.
12
Management and Supervision of Belfius Bank
Composition of the Management Board and the Board of Directors
1.
Management Board 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Management Board has seven members who have all acquired 
experience in the banking and financial sector. The members of the Management Board form a college.
The Management Board consists of the following seven members:
Name
Position
Significant other functions 
performed outside Belfius 
Bank
Marc Raisière
Chair
none
Marianne Collin
Member
none
Camille Gillon
Member
none
Dirk Gyselinck
Member
none
Olivier Onclin
Member
none
Bram Somers
Member
none
Johan Vankelecom
Member
none
The above members of the Management Board have their business address at 1210 Brussels, Place 
Charles Rogier 11, Belgium.
The Management Board is responsible for the effective management of Belfius Bank, directing and 
coordinating the activities of the various business lines and support departments within the framework 
of the objectives and general policy set by the Board of Directors. These powers do not include

--- Page 144 ---
Description of the Issuer
144
determining Belfius Bank’s overall policy, nor actions reserved for the Board of Directors by the 
provisions in the Belgian Companies and Associations Code or by the Belgian Banking Law.
The Management Board ensures that Belfius Bank’s business activities are in line with the strategy, risk 
management and general policy set by the Board of Directors. It passes on relevant information to the 
Board of Directors to enable it to take informed decisions. It formulates proposals and advice to the 
Board of Directors with a view to defining or improving Belfius Bank’s general policy and strategy.
The members of the Management Board form a collegial body. They are required to carry out their duties 
in complete objectivity and independence.
Under the supervision of the Board of Directors, the Management Board takes the necessary measures
to ensure that Belfius Bank has a robust and sustainable organisational structure suited to Belfius Bank’s 
organisation in order to guarantee the effective and prudent management of Belfius Bank in accordance 
with the Belgian Banking Law.
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Belfius Bank of the members of the 
Management Board and their private interests and other duties.
2.
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors defines, on proposal or recommendation of the Management Board, and, inter 
alia, supervises: 
-
the institution’s strategy and objectives;
-
the risk policy, including the risk tolerance level;
-
the organisation of the institution for the provision of investment services, the exercise of investment 
activities, the provision of ancillary services, the marketing of structured deposits and the provision 
of advice to clients on such products, including the organisational arrangements, as well as the skills, 
knowledge and expertise required of the staff, the resources, procedures and mechanisms with or by 
which the institution provides those services and exercises those activities; and
-
the integrity policy.
In the context of this responsibility, the Board of Directors is actively involved with the general policy, 
in particular regarding the supervision of the risk policy, organisation and financial stability of Belfius
Bank and its governance, including the definition of the credit institution’s objectives and values.
Also, as Belfius Bank is head of the Belfius financial conglomerate, Belfius Bank’s Board of Directors 
is responsible for the general policy, risk appetite and strategy of Belfius and the compliance of the 
subsidiaries herewith.
The Board of Directors also approves Belfius Bank’s Governance Memorandum.
Pursuant to the articles of association of Belfius Bank, the Board of Directors of Belfius Bank is 
composed of a minimum of ten members appointed for maximum terms of four years. The table below 
sets forth the names of the Directors, their position within Belfius Bank and the other significant 
functions they perform outside Belfius Bank.
The business address for the members of the Board of Directors is 1210 Brussels, Place Charles 
Rogier 11, Belgium.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors consists of eighteen members (which will 
become nineteen members as from 30 April 2025), seven of whom sit on the Management Board.

--- Page 145 ---
Description of the Issuer
145
The Board of Directors, which is made up of professionals from a variety of industries, including the 
financial sector, has the expertise and experience required associated with Belfius Bank’s various 
operating businesses.
Name
Position
Significant other functions 
performed outside Belfius Bank
Chris Sunt
Chair of the Board of Directors of 
Belfius Bank
(Independent Director)
none
Marc Raisière
Chair of the Management Board
none
Marianne Collin
Member of the Management 
Board 
Chief Risk Officer
Responsible for Risk Management 
and Compliance
none
Camille Gillon
Member of the Management 
Board
Chief Transformation Officer
none
Dirk Gyselinck
Member of the Management 
Board
Responsible for Wealth, 
Enterprises, Public, Financial 
Markets and Customer Loan 
Services
none
Olivier Onclin
Member of the Management 
Board
Responsible for Private, Business 
& Retail Banking and Customer 
Transaction Services
none
Bram Somers
Member of the Management 
Board
Chief Technology Officer
none
Johan Vankelecom
Member of the Management 
Board
Chief Financial Officer, 
Responsible for Financial 
Reporting, ALM, Legal, Tax, 
Research, Strategic Planning and 
Performance Management 
(SPPM), Belfius Asset 
Management
none
Estelle Cantillon
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Belfius Bank
(Independent Director)
FNRS Research Director at the 
Université Libre de Bruxelles 
(ULB)

--- Page 146 ---
Description of the Issuer
146
Name
Position
Significant other functions 
performed outside Belfius Bank
Colette Dierick
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Belfius Bank (Independent 
Director)
Director of companies
Daniel Falque
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Belfius Bank (Independent 
Director)
Director of companies and non-
profit organisations
Senior Industry Advisor
Olivier Gillerot
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Belfius Bank
(Independent Director)
Director of companies and 
associations
Hélène Goessart
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Belfius Bank (Independent 
Director)
none
Peter Hinssen
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Belfius Bank (Independent 
Director)
Entrepreneur, keynote speaker and 
author
Georges Hübner
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Belfius Bank (Independent 
Director)
Full Professor at HEC Liège -
University of Liège
Lieve Mostrey
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Belfius Bank (Independent 
Director) as from 30 April 2025 
(subject to the approval of the 
regulator)
Director of companies and 
associations
Isabel Neumann
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Belfius Bank (Independent 
Director)
Chief Investment Officer at 
Shurgard Self Storage
Lutgart Van Den Berghe
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Belfius Bank (Director)
Emeritus extraordinary Professor 
at the University of Ghent (UG) 
and emeritus part-time Professor 
at the Vlerick Business School
Rudi Vander Vennet
Member of the Board of Directors 
of Belfius Bank (Director)
Full Professor in Financial 
Economics and Banking at the 
University of Ghent (UG)
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Belfius Bank of the members of the 
Board of Directors and their private interests and other duties.
3.
Advisory committees set up by the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors of Belfius Bank established various advisory committees to assist in its task, i.e., 
a Nomination Committee, a Remuneration Committee, an Audit Committee and a Risk Committee. 
These committees are exclusively composed of Non-Executive Directors. These directors are members 
of a maximum of three of these advisory committees. An Intra-Group Committee, a Technology 
Committee and a Belfius Art Committee have also been installed within the governance of the Belfius 
group.

--- Page 147 ---
Description of the Issuer
147
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to Belfius Bank of the members of any of 
the following advisory committees and their private interests and other duties.
(1)
Nomination Committee
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Nomination Committee of Belfius Bank has the following 
membership:
Name
Position
Lutgart Van Den Berghe
Chair – Director of Belfius Bank and Belfius 
Insurance
Chris Sunt
Member – Chair of the Board of Directors of Belfius 
Bank
Daniel Falque
Member – Director of Belfius Bank and Belfius 
Insurance
The members of the Nomination Committee have the required skills, based on their education and 
diverse professional experience, to give a competent and independent judgment on the composition and 
operation of Belfius Bank’s management bodies, in particular on the individual and collective skills of 
their members and their integrity, reputation, independence of spirit and availability.
The Nomination Committee:
-
identifies and recommends, for the approval of the General Meeting of Shareholders or of the Board 
of Directors, as the case may be, candidates suited to fill vacancies on the Board of Directors, 
evaluates the balance of knowledge, skills, diversity and experience within the Board of Directors, 
prepares a description of the roles and capabilities for a particular appointment and assesses the 
expected time commitment. The Nomination Committee also decides on a target for the 
representation of the underrepresented gender within the Board of Directors and prepares a policy 
on how to increase the number of underrepresented gender in order to meet that target;
-
periodically, and at least annually, assesses the structure, size, composition and performance of the 
Board of Directors and makes recommendations to it with regard to any changes;
-
periodically assesses the knowledge, skills, experience, degree of involvement and in particular the 
attendance of members of the Board of Directors and advisory committees, both individually and 
collectively, and reports to the Board of Directors accordingly;
-
periodically reviews the policies of the Board of Directors for selection and appointment of 
members of the Management Board, and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors;
-
prepares proposals for the appointment or mandate renewal, as the case may be, of directors, 
members of the Management Board, the Chair of the Board of Directors and the Chair of the 
Management Board;
-
assesses the aptitude of a director or a candidate director to meet the criteria set forth for being 
considered as an independent director;
-
examines questions relating to problems with the succession of directors and members of the 
Management Board;
-
establishes a general and specific profile for directors and members of the Management Board;
-
ensures the application of provisions with regard to corporate governance;

--- Page 148 ---
Description of the Issuer
148
-
prepares proposals for amendments to the internal rules of the Board of Directors and the 
Management Board;
-
assesses the governance memorandum and, if necessary, proposes amendments;
-
at least annually discusses and analyses the quantitative statement and qualitative analysis of 
communications regarding stress, burn-out and inappropriate behaviour at work and actions taken 
to remedy situations. 
In performing its duties, the Nomination Committee ensures that decision-taking within the Board of 
Directors is not dominated by one person or a small group of persons, in a way which might be 
prejudicial to the interests of Belfius Bank as a whole.
The Nomination Committee may use any type of resources that it considers to be appropriate for the 
performance of its tasks, including external advice, and receives appropriate funding to that end.
The Nomination Committee acts for Belfius Bank, Belfius Insurance and Belfius Asset Management.
(2)
Remuneration Committee
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Remuneration Committee of Belfius Bank has the following 
membership:
Name
Position
Lutgart Van Den Berghe
Chair – Director of Belfius Bank and Belfius 
Insurance
Chris Sunt
Member – Chair of the Board of Directors of Belfius 
Bank
Daniel Falque
Member – Director of Belfius Bank and of Belfius 
Insurance
Olivier Gillerot
Member – Director of Belfius Bank
The members of the Remuneration Committee have the required skills, on the basis of their educational 
and professional experience, to give a competent and independent judgment on remuneration policies 
and practices and on the incentives created for managing risks, capital and liquidity of Belfius Bank.
In order to perform its tasks correctly, the Remuneration Committee interacted regularly with the Risk 
Committee and the Audit Committee.
The Risk Committee ensures that Belfius’ risk management, capital requirements and liquidity position, 
as well as the probability and the spread in time of profit is correctly taken into consideration in decisions 
relating to remuneration policy.
Within Belfius Bank, this is reflected by the formulation of an opinion on a global “Risk Gateway” and 
by the establishment and assessment of Key Risk Indicators on an annual basis. Their preparation is 
undertaken by the risks divisions, in collaboration with the human resources division.
The Audit Committee contributes to the establishment of objectives for the Auditor General and the 
Audit and Risk Committee for the objectives for the Compliance Officer.
The audit department at Belfius Bank will provide an independent and regular analysis of the 
remuneration policy and its practical implementation. The latest follow-up study was realised in 2022.
The Remuneration Committee prepares the decisions of the Board of Directors by inter alia:

--- Page 149 ---
Description of the Issuer
149
-
developing the remuneration policy, as well as making practical remuneration proposals for the 
Chair, the non-executive members of the Board of Directors and the members of the advisory 
committees of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors submits these remuneration proposals 
to the General Meeting of Shareholders for approval;
-
developing the remuneration policy, as well as making practical proposals for the remuneration of 
the Chair of the Management Board and, on his proposal, for the remuneration of the members of 
the Management Board. The Board of Directors then determines the remuneration of the Chair and 
the members of the Management Board;
-
providing advice on the proposals made by the Chair of the Management Board of Belfius Bank in 
relation to the severance remuneration for members of Belfius Bank’s Management Board. On the 
proposal of the Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of Belfius Bank determines the 
severance remuneration of the Chair and members of Belfius Bank’s Management Board;
-
advising the Board of Directors in relation to the remuneration policy for staff members whose 
activity has a material impact on the risk profile of Belfius Bank (known as “Identified Staff”) and 
in relation to the compliance of the allocation of remuneration to Identified Staff with regard to the 
remuneration policy put in place for them;
-
preparing the remuneration report approved by the Board of Directors and published in the annual 
report;
-
periodically checking to ensure that the remuneration programmes are achieving their objective and 
are in line with applicable conditions;
-
annually assessing the performance and objectives of the members of the Management Board;
-
providing an opinion of the elaboration of a global “Risk Gateway”, in consultation with the Risk 
Committee, containing various levers applied at various points in the performance management 
cycle, with an impact on determination of the variable remuneration.
The Remuneration Committee exercises direct supervision over the determination of objectives and 
remuneration of the individuals responsible for the independent control functions (Chief Risk Officer, 
General Auditor & the Compliance Officer).
The Remuneration Committee acts for both Belfius Bank, Belfius Insurance and Belfius Asset 
Management.
(3)
Audit Committee
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Audit Committee of Belfius Bank has the following 
membership:
Name
Position
Georges Hübner..............................................
Chair
Director of Belfius Bank
Colette Dierick................................................
Member
Director of Belfius Bank
Hélène Goessaert ............................................
Member
Director of Belfius Bank

--- Page 150 ---
Description of the Issuer
150
The members of the audit committee are independent directors. Members of the audit committee have 
collective expertise in the field of banking, accountancy and auditing. At least one independent director 
of the audit committee is an expert in the field of accounting and/or audit. 
The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in its task of carrying out prudential controls and 
exercising general supervision. The Audit Committee of Belfius Bank operates independently of the 
Audit Committee implemented at Belfius Insurance. However, the respective Audit Committees of 
Belfius Bank and Belfius Insurance held joint meetings.
(4)
Risk Committee
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Risk Committee has the following membership:
Name
Position
Colette Dierick (as from the approval of 
Colette Dierick’s appointment as Chair of the 
Risk Committee by the regulator)
Chair
Director of Belfius Bank
Estelle Cantillon
Member
Director of Belfius Bank
Hélène Goessaert
Member
Director of Belfius Bank
Georges Hübner
Member
Director of Belfius Bank
Rudi Vander Vennet
Member
Director of Belfius Bank
The members of the Risk Committee have the individual expertise and professional experience required 
to define strategy regarding risk and the level of risk appetite of an institution. They have acquired the 
specialisation necessary in particular as directors with other institutions and/or in their university training. 
Consequently, the Risk Committee has the required individual knowledge and expertise.
The Risk Committee has advisory powers and responsibilities with regard to the Board of Directors in 
the following areas:
-
appetite and strategy regarding Belfius Bank’s current and future risks (including ESG risks), more 
particularly the effectiveness of the risk management function and the governance structure to 
support them;
-
monitoring implementation of risk appetite and strategy by the Management Board;
-
allocating the risk appetite to various categories of risks and defining the extent and limits of risk in 
order to manage and restrict major risks;
-
considering the risks run by Belfius Bank with its customer tariffs;
-
assessing activities which expose Belfius Bank to real risks;
-
supervising requirements in terms of capital and liquidity, the capital base and Belfius Bank’s 
liquidity situation;
-
guaranteeing that risks are proportional to Belfius Bank’s capital;

--- Page 151 ---
Description of the Issuer
151
-
formulating an opinion with regard to major transactions and new proposals for strategy activities 
that have a significant impact on Belfius Bank’s risk appetite;
-
obtaining information and analysing management reports as to the extent and nature of the risks 
facing Belfius Bank and the conglomerate (e.g. conglomerate reporting);
-
monitoring the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP), the Internal Liquidity 
Adequacy Assessment Process (ILAAP) and the Recovery Plan;
-
overseeing the alignment between all material financial products and services offered to clients and 
the business model and risk strategy of the institution;
-
reviewing a number of possible scenarios, including stressed scenarios, to assess how the 
institution’s risk profile would react to external and internal events;
-
assessing the recommendations of internal and external auditors and follows up on the appropriate 
implementation of measures taken.
The Risk Committee operates independently of the Risk & Underwriting Committee of Belfius 
Insurance. On the request of the Chair of Belfius Bank’s committee, a joint Risk Committee of Belfius 
Bank and Belfius Insurance may be held. To promote sound remuneration policy and practices, without 
prejudice to the tasks of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee, the Risk 
Committee examines whether incentives in the remuneration system take proper account of the 
institution’s risk management, equity requirements and liquidity position, as well as the probability and 
distribution of profit over time. 
The Risk Committee and the Audit Committee periodically exchange information in particular 
concerning the quarterly risk report, the senior management report on the assessment of internal control 
and the risk analyses performed by the Legal, Compliance and Audit Departments. The aim of this 
exchange of information is to enable the two committees to perform their tasks properly and can take 
the form of a joint meeting.
(5)
Intra-Group Committee
An Intra-Group Committee has been established within the Belfius group.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Intra-Group Committee has the following membership:
Name
Position
Chris Sunt
Chair
Chair of the Board of Directors of Belfius Bank
Colette Dierick
Member 
Director of Belfius Bank
Olivier Gillerot
Member
Director of Belfius Bank
Jean-Michel Kupper
Member
Director of Belfius Insurance
Stephan Slits
Member
Director of Belfius Insurance
The Intra-group Committee’s competences comprise the following:

--- Page 152 ---
Description of the Issuer
152
-
monitoring and reporting on significant intra-group transactions;
-
monitoring and reporting on intra-group transactions with an important reputational impact; and
-
advising on material conflicts of interest between companies belonging to Belfius Group in the 
context of which they fail to reach an agreement in a relatively short period of time. 
(6)
Technology Committee
A Technology Committee has been established within the Belfius group.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Technology Committee has the following membership:
Name
Position
Olivier Gillerot
Chair
Director of Belfius Bank
Daniel Falque
Member
Director of Belfius Bank and Belfius 
Insurance
Peter Hinssen
Member
Director of Belfius Bank
Jean-Michel Kupper (until 14 May 
2024)
Member
Director of Belfius Insurance
Céline Azizieh (as from 15 May 2024)
Member
Director of Belfius Insurance
The Technology Committee, which is responsible for Belfius Bank and its subsidiaries, advises the 
Board of Directors on its technology strategy, important technology investment decisions. Technology 
includes inter alia IT, digital and artificial intelligence.
The Technology Committee is responsible for: 
-
advising the Board of Directors on, and preparing the decisions of the Board of Directors with 
respect to, technology strategy and material technology investment choices;
-
monitoring, evaluating and advising the Board of Directors on existing and future technology trends, 
regulation and competition / FinTech developments that may affect Belfius’ strategic plans including 
the monitoring of overall industry trends and future trends concerning enterprise data management 
and the financial industry’s use of data to maximize the customer experience value;
-
assessing measures and advising the Board of Directors on Belfius’ technological strategic 
milestones and transformational developments, such as customer experience, sales through digital 
channels and potential synergies with physical and other networks, potential partnerships;
-
monitoring and reporting to the Board of Directors on progress made with respect to the 
implementation of the technology decisions taken by the Board of Directors, including but not 
limited to, technology performance and security. This includes inter alia. monitoring and 
challenging the status of the move for the cloud infrastructure (timing, pace, risk mitigation, hybrid 
models, talents), foundations and platforms;

--- Page 153 ---
Description of the Issuer
153
-
reviewing and discussing reports from management on technology related activities, strategies and 
metrics, including enterprise data project performance, and reporting to the Board of Directors on 
the same. 
Responsibility for the oversight of risks associated with technology, including risk assessment and risk 
management, remains with the Risk Committee and Audit Committee. 
(7)
Belfius Art Committee
A Belfius Art Committee has been established since 2015.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Belfius Art Committee has the following membership:
Name
Position
Chris Sunt
Chair
Chair of the Board of Directors of Belfius Bank
Marc Raisière
Member 
Chair of the Management Board of Belfius Bank
Julie Uytterhaegen
Member
Head of People, Brand & Communication
Bénédicte Bouton
Member
Head of Culture at Belfius and Curator of the 
Belfius Art Collection
The Belfius Art Committee has been mandated by the Board of Directors of Belfius Bank to manage the 
Belfius Art Collection as defined in article 10 of the Articles of Association of Belfius Bank. Within the 
context of this mandate, the Belfius Art Committee takes decisions with respect to the management, the 
conservation, the preservation, the use, the development and the evolution of the Belfius Art Collection.

--- Page 154 ---
Selected financial information
154
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
1
Consolidated Balance Sheet
Notes
31 December 
2023
IFRS 9
31 December 
2022
IFRS 9
Assets 
(in thousands of EUR)
Cash and balances with central banks
5.2
20,487,140
27,295,434
Loans and advances due from credit institutions
5.3
5,274,249
4,143,601
Measured at amortised cost
5,274,249
4,143,601
Measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income
0
0
Measured at fair value through profit or loss
0
0
Loans and advances
5.4
114,531,169
110,203,251
Measured at amortised cost
109,761,695
109,236,114
Measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income
4,181,197
171,152
Measured at fair value through profit or loss
588,277
795,986
Debt securities & equity instruments
5.5
27,923,609
26,996,656
Measured at amortised cost
13,521,835
17,494,927
Measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income
8,718,772
4,040,914
Measured at fair value through profit or loss
1,506,789
1,490,882
Measured at fair value through profit or loss - unit 
linked
4,176,214
3,969,934
Derivatives
5.6
5,321,426
5,893,105
Gain/loss on the hedged item in portfolio hedge of 
interest rate risk
5.6
1,608,587
1,134,326
Assets from insurance/reinsurance contracts
6.5
97,806
116,103
Insurance contracts assets
0
0
Reinsurance contracts assets
97,806
116,103
Investments in equity method companies
5.7
161,533
94,019
Tangible fixed assets
5.8
1,864,571
1,672,048
Intangible assets
5.9
326,957
236,639
Goodwill
5.10
103,966
103,966
Tax assets
5.11
494,585
397,324
Current tax assets
43,356
27,115
Deferred tax assets
451,229
370,209
Other assets
5.12
967,171
741,993

--- Page 155 ---
Selected financial information
155
Notes
31 December 
2023
IFRS 9
31 December 
2022
IFRS 9
Assets 
(in thousands of EUR)
Non current assets (disposal group) held for sale and 
discontinued operations
5.13
16,582
39,684
Total assets
179,179,352
179,068,150
Notes
31 December 
2023
IFRS 9
31 December 
2022
IFRS 9
Liabilities
(in thousands of EUR)
Cash and balances from central banks
6.1
1,430,190
5,904,113
Credit institutions borrowings and deposits
6.2
3,912,390
1,869,641
Measured at amortised cost
3,912,390
1,869,641
Measured at fair value through profit or loss
0
0
Borrowings and deposits
6.3
104,000,435
108,447,486
Measured at amortised cost
103,980,476
108,427,536
Measured at fair value through profit or loss
19,959
19,951
Debt securities issued and other financial liabilities
6.4
36,017,933
29,898,501
Measured at amortised cost
23,603,069
18,517,096
Measured at fair value through profit or loss
8,238,650
7,411,471
Measured at fair value through profit or loss - unit 
linked
4,176,214
3,969,934
Derivatives
5.6
7,229,432
8,248,509
Gain/loss on the hedged item in portfolio hedge of 
interest rate risk
5.6
-1,029,463
-1,606,023
Liabilities from insurance/reinsurance contracts
6.5
11,405,090
10,894,869
Insurance contracts liabilities
11,405,090
10,894,869
Reinsurance contracts liabilities
0
0
Provisions and contingent liabilities
6.6
485,860
493,922
Subordinated debts
6.7
1,777,995
1,547,204
Measured at amortised cost
1,777,995
1,547,204
Measured at fair value through profit or loss
0
0
Tax liabilities
5.11
52,521
72,251
Current tax liabilities
45,520
63,014
Deferred tax liabilities
7,001
9,237
Other liabilities
6.8
1,677,607
1,387,731

--- Page 156 ---
Selected financial information
156
Notes
31 December 
2023
IFRS 9
31 December 
2022
IFRS 9
Liabilities included in disposal group and 
discontinued operations
0
0
Total liabilities
166,959,989
167,158,206
Notes
31 December 
2023
IFRS 9
31 December 
2022
IFRS 9
Equity 
(in thousands of EUR)
Subscribed capital
3,458,066
3,458,066
Additional paid-in capital
209,232
209,232
Treasury shares
0
0
Reserves and retained earnings
6,709,420
6,176,745
Net income for the period
1,114,538
931,771
Core shareholders’ equity
11,491,257
10,775,814
Fair value changes of debt instruments measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income
-353,149
-221,928
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at 
fair value through other comprehensive income
195,452
136,944
Fair value changes due to own credit risk on financial 
liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or 
loss to be presented in other comprehensive income
0
0
Fair value changes of derivatives following cash flow 
hedging
-128,839
-112,644
Remeasurement pension plans
125,752
119,933
Total insurance/reinsurance finance component 
recognised in other comprehensive income
353,669
679,972
Other reserves
208
208
Gains and losses not recognised in the statement of 
income
193,093
602,485
Total shareholders’ equity
11,684,350
11,378,300
Additional Tier-1 instruments included in equity
497,083
497,083
Non-controlling interests
37,929
34,561
Total equity
12,219,362
11,909,944
Total liabilities and equity
179,179,352
179,068,150

--- Page 157 ---
Selected financial information
157
2
Consolidated Statement of Income
Notes
31 December 
2023
IFRS 9
31 December 
2022
IFRS 9
(in thousands of EUR)
Interest income
7.1
6,868,486
3,719,383
Interest expense
7.1
-4,442,285
-1,640,573
Fee and commission income
7.2
980,274
987,430
Fee and commission expenses
7.2
-201,362
-214,636
Insurance service result
7.3
277,509
95,048
Insurance revenue
1,186,641
1,084,919
Insurance service expenses
-880,000
-1,004,554
Net expenses from reinsurance contracts
-29,132
14,684
Insurance finance result
7.3
-238,664
-197,857
Insurance finance result
-241,007
-199,892
Reinsurance finance result
2,343
2,035
Dividend income
7.4
57,285
71,611
Net income from equity method companies
7.5
7,527
3,993
Net income from financial instruments at fair value 
through profit or loss
7.6
53,527
24,822
Net income on investments and liabilities
7.7
-7,211
56,401
Other income
7.8
419,368
378,184
Other expenses
7.9
-633,566
-561,547
Income
3,140,888
2,722,259
Staff expenses
7.10
-678,835
-608,177
General and administrative expenses
7.11
-517,426
-478,875
Network costs
-224,464
-216,599
Depreciation and amortisation of fixed assets
7.12
-117,440
-113,791
Expenses
-1,538,166
-1,417,441
Net income before tax and impairments
1,602,722
1,304,818
Impairments on financial instruments and provisions for 
credit commitments
7.13
-109,211
-105,413
Impairments on tangible and intangible assets
7.14
-855
-2,049
Impairments on goodwill
7.15
0
0
Net income before tax
1,492,656
1,197,356
Current tax (expense) income
-304,968
-266,896
Deferred tax (expense) income
-70,897
2,492
Total tax (expense) income
7.16
-375,865
-264,403

--- Page 158 ---
Selected financial information
158
Notes
31 December 
2023
IFRS 9
31 December 
2022
IFRS 9
(in thousands of EUR)
Net income after tax
1,116,791
932,952
Discontinued operations (net of tax)
0
0
Net income
1,116,791
932,952
Attributable to non-controlling interests
2,252
1,181
Attributable to equity holders of the parent
1,114,538
931,771

--- Page 159 ---
Taxation on the Notes
159
TAXATION ON THE NOTES
The tax legislation in force in the jurisdiction of a potential investor, in the Issuer’s country of incorporation (i.e., 
Belgium) and in any other relevant jurisdiction may have an impact on the income which may be received from the 
Notes. The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Belgium as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law, potentially with a retroactive effect. The following overview does 
not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to
subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. Each prospective Noteholder or beneficial owner of Notes 
should consult its tax advisor as to the Belgian tax consequences of any investment in, or ownership and disposition 
of, the Notes or that of any other relevant jurisdiction.
1
Belgian taxation
The following is a general description of the principal Belgian tax consequences of subscribing for, acquiring, 
holding, redeeming, disposing of and/or converting the Notes.
1.1
Belgian Withholding tax
All payments by or on behalf of the Issuer of interest on the Notes are in principle subject to the 30%
Belgian withholding tax on the gross amount of the interest, subject to such relief as may be available 
under applicable domestic law or applicable tax treaties. 
In this regard, “interest” means the periodic interest income, any amount paid by the Issuer in excess of 
the issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not on the maturity date or upon purchase by 
the Issuer) and, in case of a realisation of the Notes between two interest payment dates, the pro rata of 
accrued interest corresponding to the detention period.
However, payments of interest and principal under the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer may be made 
without deduction of withholding tax in respect of the Notes if and as long as at the moment of payment 
or attribution of interest they are held by certain eligible investors (the “Eligible Investors”, see 
hereinafter) in an exempt securities account (an “X Account”) that has been opened with a financial 
institution that is a direct or indirect participant (a “Participant”) in the Securities Settlement System 
operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB” and the “Securities Settlement System”). 
Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear 
France and LuxCSD are directly or indirectly Participants for this purpose. 
Holding the Notes through the Securities Settlement System enables Eligible Investors to receive the 
gross interest income on their Notes and to transfer the Notes on a gross basis.
Participants to the Securities Settlement System must enter the Notes which they hold on behalf of 
Eligible Investors in an X Account. Payments of interest made through X Accounts are free of 
withholding tax.
Eligible Investors are those entities referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 
on the deduction of withholding tax (arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la 
bonification du précompte mobilier/koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de 
vergoeding van de roerende voorheffing) which include, inter alia:
(i)
Belgian corporations subject to Belgian corporate income tax as referred to in Article 2, §1, 5°, 
b) of the Belgian code on income tax of 1992 (code des impôts sur les revenus 1992/wetboek van 
de inkomenstenbelastingen 1992, the “Income Tax Code 1992”);

--- Page 160 ---
Taxation on the Notes
160
(ii)
institutions, associations or companies specified in Article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 on the 
control of insurance companies other than those referred to in (i) and (iii), without prejudice to 
the application of Article 262, 1° and 5° of the Income Tax Code 1992;
(iii)
state regulated institutions (institutions paraétatiques/parastatalen) for social security, or 
institutions which are assimilated therewith, provided for in Article 105, 2º of the Royal Decree 
implementing the Income Tax Code 1992 (arrêté royal d’exécution du code des impôts sur les 
revenus 1992/koninklijk besluit tot invoering van het wetboek inkomstenbelastingen 1992);
(iv)
non-resident investors provided for in Article 105, 5º of the same decree;
(v)
investment funds, recognised in the framework of pension savings, provided for in Article 115 of 
the same decree;
(vi)
taxpayers provided for in Article 227, 2º of the Income Tax Code 1992 which have used the 
income generating capital for the exercise of their professional activities in Belgium and which 
are subject to non-resident income tax pursuant to Article 233 of the same code;
(vii)
the Belgian State in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in accordance 
with Article 265 of the Income Tax Code 1992;
(viii)
investment funds governed by foreign law which are an indivisible estate managed by a 
management company for the account of the participants, provided the fund units are not offered 
publicly in Belgium or traded in Belgium; and
(ix)
Belgian resident corporations, not provided for under (i) above, when their activities exclusively 
or principally consist of the granting of credits and loans.
Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident investors who are individuals or non-profit 
making organisations, other than those mentioned under (ii) and (iii) above.
The above categories only summarise the detailed definitions contained in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal 
Decree of 26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax, as amended, to which investors should 
refer for a precise description of the relevant eligibility rules.
Participants to the Securities Settlement System must keep the Notes which they hold on behalf of the 
non-Eligible Investors in a non-exempt securities account (an “N Account”). In such instance, all 
payments of interest are subject to the 30% withholding tax. This withholding tax is withheld by the 
NBB and paid to the Belgian Treasury.
Transfers of Notes between an X Account and an N Account give rise to certain adjustment payments 
on account of withholding tax:

A transfer from an N Account (to an X Account or N Account) gives rise to the payment by the 
transferor non-Eligible Investor to the NBB of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest 
calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date.

A transfer (from an X Account or N Account) to an N Account gives rise to the refund by the 
NBB to the transferee non-Eligible Investor of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest 
calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date.

Transfers of Notes between two X Accounts do not give rise to any adjustment on account of 
withholding tax.
Upon opening of an X Account for the holding of Notes, the Eligible Investor is required to provide the 
Participant with a statement of its eligible status on a form approved by the Minister of Finance. There

--- Page 161 ---
Taxation on the Notes
161
is no ongoing declaration requirement to the Securities Settlement System as to the eligible status, save 
that they need to inform the Participant of any change in the information contained in the statement of 
their eligible status. However, Participants are required to annually make declarations to the NBB as to 
the eligible status of each investor for whom they held Notes in an X Account during the preceding 
calendar year.
An X Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an “Intermediary”) in respect of 
Notes that the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the “Beneficial Owners”), provided that 
each Beneficial Owner is an Eligible Investor. In such a case, the Intermediary must deliver to the 
Participant a statement on a form approved by the Minister of Finance confirming that (i) the 
Intermediary is itself an Eligible Investor and (ii) the Beneficial Owners holding their Notes through it 
are also Eligible Investors. A Beneficial Owner is also required to deliver a statement of its eligible status 
to the intermediary.
These identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in central securities depositaries, as defined 
by Article 2, §1, 1) of Regulation (EU) n° 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities 
depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012, 
acting as Participants to the Securities Settlement System, provided that (i) they only hold X Accounts, 
(ii) they are able to identify the holders for whom they hold Notes in such account and (iii) the contractual 
rules agreed upon by these central securities depositaries acting as Participants include the contractual 
undertaking that their clients, account owners, are all Eligible Investors.
Hence, these identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD or any other central 
securities depository acting as a Participant to the Securities Settlement System, provided that (i) they
only hold X Accounts, (ii) they are able to identify the holders for whom they hold Notes in such account 
and (iii) the contractual rules agreed upon by them include the contractual undertaking that their clients, 
account owners, are all Eligible Investors.
In accordance with the Securities Settlement System, a Noteholder who is withdrawing Notes from an 
X Account will, following the payment of interest on those Notes, be entitled to claim an indemnity from 
the Belgian tax authorities of an amount equal to the withholding on the interest payable on the Notes 
from the last preceding Interest Payment Date until the date of withdrawal of the Notes from the 
Securities Settlement System. As a condition of acceptance of the Notes into the Securities Settlement 
System, the Noteholders waive the right to claim such indemnity.
1.2
Belgian income tax and capital gains
1.2.1
Belgian resident individuals
Natural persons who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., who are subject to the Belgian 
personal income tax (impôt des personnes physiques/personenbelasting) and who hold the Notes 
as a private investment, are subject to a withholding tax of 30% on interest payments. The 
withholding tax constitutes the final taxation, fully discharging them from their personal income 
tax liability with respect to these interest payments. This means that the interest on the Notes does 
not have to be declared in their personal income tax return, provided that the Belgian withholding 
tax of 30% has effectively been levied on the interest.
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest in respect of the Notes in 
their personal income tax return. Interest income which is declared in this way will in principle 
be taxed at a flat rate of 30% (or at the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s) taking

--- Page 162 ---
Taxation on the Notes
162
into account the taxpayer’s other declared income, whichever is more beneficial). The Belgian 
withholding tax levied may be credited.
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains 
are realised outside the scope of the normal management of one’s private estate (in which case 
the capital gain will be taxed at 33% plus local municipality surcharge) or unless (and to the 
extent that) the capital gains qualify as interest (as defined in section 1.1 entitled “Belgian 
Withholding Tax”). Capital losses realised on the disposal of the Notes held as a non-professional 
investment are in principle not tax deductible.
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Notes as a private 
investment.
1.2.2
Belgian resident companies
Interest attributed or paid to corporations Noteholders who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, 
i.e.,
who are subject to the Belgian corporate income tax (impôt des sociétés/ 
vennootschapsbelasting), as well as capital gains realised upon the sale of the Notes are taxable 
at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of in principle 25%. Furthermore, small companies (as 
defined in Article 1:24, §§1-6 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code) are – when 
certain conditions are met - taxable at the reduced corporate income tax rate of 20% for the first 
EUR 100,000 of their taxable base.
The withholding tax retained by or on behalf of the Issuer will, subject to certain conditions, be 
creditable against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount will in principle be 
refundable, all in accordance with the applicable legal provisions.
Capital losses realised upon the sale of the Notes are in principle tax deductible.
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185bis of the Income 
Tax Code 1992.
1.2.3
Belgian legal entities
Belgian legal entities subject to the Belgian legal entities tax (impôts des personnes morales/ 
rechtspersonenbelasting) which do not qualify as Eligible Investors are subject to a withholding 
tax of 30% on interest payments. The withholding tax constitutes the final taxation and, in 
principle, fully discharges their income tax liability.
Belgian legal entities which qualify as Eligible Investors (see section 1.1 entitled “Belgian 
Withholding Tax”) and which consequently have received gross interest income are required (if 
such entities cannot invoke a final withholding tax exemption) to declare and pay the 30%
withholding tax to the Belgian tax authorities (which withholding tax then generally also 
constitutes the final taxation in the hands of the relevant investors).
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains 
qualify as interest (as defined in section 1.1 entitled “Belgian Withholding Tax”). Capital losses 
are in principle not tax deductible.
1.2.4
Organization for Financing Pensions
Interest and capital gains derived by Organizations for Financing Pensions in the meaning of the 
Law of 27 October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational 
retirement provision, are in principle exempt from Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses 
are in principle not tax deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding tax that

--- Page 163 ---
Taxation on the Notes
163
has been levied can be credited against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount is 
in principle refundable. 
1.2.5
Belgian non-residents
Noteholders who are not residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes, who are not holding the 
Notes through their permanent establishment in Belgium and who do not invest in the Notes in 
the context of their Belgian professional activity will not incur or become liable for any Belgian 
tax on income or capital gains by reason only of the acquisition or disposal of the Notes, provided 
that they qualify as Eligible Investors and that they hold their Notes in an X Account.
Non-residents who use the Notes to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through a 
permanent establishment are in principle subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident 
companies (see above).
1.3
Tax on securities accounts
Following the Law of 17 February 2021, an annual tax on securities accounts was introduced (the 
“Annual Tax on Securities Accounts”). The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is levied on securities 
accounts of which the average value during the reference period (i.e., the period of twelve consecutive 
months beginning on 1 October and ending, in principle, on 30 September of the next year), exceeds 
EUR 1 million. The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is applicable to securities accounts that are held 
by resident individuals, companies and legal entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held 
with a financial intermediary in Belgium or abroad. The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts also applies 
to securities accounts held by non-resident individuals, companies and legal entities with a financial 
intermediary in Belgium. Belgian establishments from non-residents are however treated as Belgian 
residents for purposes of the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts so that both Belgian and foreign 
securities accounts fall within the scope of this tax. Note that pursuant to certain double tax treaties, 
Belgium has no right to tax capital. Hence, to the extent the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is viewed 
as a tax on capital within the meaning of these double tax treaties, treaty protection may, subject to 
certain conditions, be claimed. However, the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts is not levied on 
securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities in the context of their own professional 
activity and for their own account.
Each securities account is assessed separately. When multiple holders hold a securities account, each 
holder is jointly and severally liable for the payment of the tax and each holder may fulfil the declaration 
requirements for all holders.
The applicable tax rate is equal to the lowest amount of either 0.15% of the average value of the financial 
instruments held on the account or 10% of the difference between the average value of the financial 
instruments held on the account and EUR 1 million. The taxable base is the sum of the values of the 
taxable financial instruments at the different reference points in time (i.e., 31 December, 31 March, 
30 June and 30 September) divided by the number of those reference points in time. 
A financial intermediary is defined as (i) the National Bank of Belgium, the European Central Bank and 
foreign central banks performing similar functions, (ii) a central securities depository included in 
Article 198/1, §6, 12° of the Income Tax Code 1992, (iii) a credit institution or a stockbroking firm as 
defined by Article 1, §3 of the Law of 25 April 2014 on the status and supervision of credit institutions 
and investment companies and (vi) the investment companies as defined by Article 3, §1 of the Law of 
25 October 2016 on access to the activity of investment services and on the legal status and supervision 
of portfolio management and investment advice companies, which are, pursuant to national law, admitted 
to hold financial instruments for the account of customers.

--- Page 164 ---
Taxation on the Notes
164
The Annual Tax on Securities Accounts needs to be withheld, declared and paid by the Belgian 
intermediary. Intermediaries not established or set up in Belgium have the possibility, when managing a 
securities account subject to the tax, to appoint a representative in Belgium approved by or on behalf of 
the Minister of Finance (the “Annual Tax on Securities Accounts Representative”). The Annual Tax 
on Securities Accounts Representative is jointly and severally liable vis-à-vis the Belgian State to declare 
and pay the tax and to fulfil all other obligations for intermediaries related to the Annual Tax on 
Securities Accounts, such as compliance with certain reporting obligations. In cases where no 
intermediary has withheld, declared and paid the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts, the holder of the 
securities account needs to declare and pay the tax himself, unless he can prove that the tax has already 
been withheld, declared and paid by either a Belgian intermediary or Annual Tax on Securities Accounts 
Representative of a foreign intermediary. If the holder of the securities accounts itself is liable for 
reporting obligations (e.g. when a Belgian resident holds a securities account abroad with an average 
value higher than EUR 1 million), the deadline for filing the tax return for the Annual Tax on Securities 
Accounts corresponds with the deadline for filing the annual tax return for personal income tax purposes 
electronically, irrespective whether the Belgian resident is an individual or a legal entity. In the latter 
case, the Annual Tax on Securities Accounts must be paid by the taxpayer on 31 August of the year 
following the year on which the tax was calculated, at the latest.
Anti-abuse provisions, retroactively applying from 30 October 2020, were initially also introduced: a 
rebuttable general anti-abuse provision and two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse provisions. On 
27 October 2022, however, the Constitutional Court annulled (i) the two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse 
provisions and (ii) the retroactive effect of the rebuttable general anti-abuse provision, meaning that the 
latter provision can only apply as from 26 February 2021. The other provisions of the Belgian law of 
17 February 2021 were not considered to be unconstitutional.
Investors should consult their own tax advisers in relation to this Annual Tax on Securities Accounts.
1.4
Tax on stock exchange transactions
A tax on stock exchange transactions (taxe sur les opérations de bourse/taks op de beursverrichtingen) 
will be levied on the purchase and sale in Belgium of the Notes on a secondary market if such transaction 
is either entered into or carried out in Belgium through a professional intermediary. The rate applicable 
for secondary sales and purchases in Belgium through a professional intermediary is 0.12% with a 
maximum amount of EUR 1,300 per transaction and per party and collected by the professional 
intermediary. The tax is due separately from each party to any such transaction, i.e. the seller (transferor) 
and the purchaser (transferee), both collected by the professional intermediary.
The acquisition of Notes upon their issuance (primary market) is not subject to the tax on stock exchange 
transactions.
Following the Law of 25 December 2016, the scope of application of the tax on the stock exchange 
transactions has been extended as of 1 January 2017 to secondary market transactions of which the order 
is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium by (i) a 
private individual with habitual residence in Belgium or (ii) a legal entity for the account of its seat or 
establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a “Belgian Investor”). In such a scenario, the tax on the 
stock exchange transactions is due by the Belgian Investor, unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate 
that the tax on the stock exchange transactions due has already been paid by the professional 
intermediary established outside of Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign professional intermediary 
also has to provide each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying order statement 
(bordereau/borderel), at the latest on the business day after the day the transaction concerned was 
realised. The qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and a duplicate must be retained 
by the financial intermediary. The duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying agent day-today listing,

--- Page 165 ---
Taxation on the Notes
165
numbered in series. Alternatively, professional intermediaries established outside of Belgium could 
appoint a stock exchange tax representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities 
(“Stock Exchange Tax Representative”). Such Stock Exchange Tax Representative will then be liable 
toward the Belgian Treasury for the tax on stock exchange transactions on behalf of clients that fall 
within one of the aforementioned categories (provided that these clients do not qualify as exempt persons 
for stock exchange tax purposes – see below) and for complying with the reporting obligations and the 
obligations relating to the order statement (bordereau/borderel) in that respect. If such a Stock Exchange 
Tax Representative would have paid the tax on stock exchange transactions due, the Belgian Investor 
will, as per the above, no longer be the debtor of the tax on stock exchange transactions.
The tax referred to above will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own account including 
investors who are not Belgian residents, provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial intermediary 
in Belgium confirming their non-resident status and certain Belgian institutional investors as defined in 
Article 126.1 2° of the code of various duties and taxes (Code des droits et taxes divers/wetboek diverse 
rechten en taksen) for the tax on stock exchange transactions.
On 14 February 2013, the EU Commission published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial 
transaction tax (“FTT”). The draft Directive currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into effect, the 
Participating Member States (as defined below) shall not maintain or introduce any taxes on financial 
transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 
28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange 
transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into effect. The draft Directive is still subject 
to negotiation between the Participating Member States and may, therefore, be further amended at any 
time.
2
Common reporting standard
Following recent international developments, the exchange of information is governed by the Common 
Reporting Standard (“CRS”). On 22 November 2022, the total of jurisdictions that have signed the multilateral 
competent authority agreement (“MCAA”) amounts to 119. The MCAA is a multilateral framework agreement 
to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent bilateral exchanges coming 
into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications.
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due diligence 
standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, dividends, account 
balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial assets and other income 
generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable 
accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal 
residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive entities to report 
on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in 
direct taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as 
foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, 
Directive 2011/16/EU and replaces the EC Council Directive 2003/48EC on the taxation of savings income 
(commonly referred to as the “Savings Directive”) as from 1 January 2016. 
The Belgian government implemented DAC2, respectively the Common Reporting Standard, pursuant to the 
law of 16 December 2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by Belgian financial 
institutions and by the Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange of information on 
an international level and for tax purposes (the “Law of 16 December 2015”).

--- Page 166 ---
Taxation on the Notes
166
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory exchange of information applies in Belgium (i) as 
of financial year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States (including Austria, 
irrespective the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria towards other EU Member States is 
only foreseen as of income year 2017), (ii) as of financial year 2014 (first information exchange in 2016) 
towards the US and (iii) with respect to any other non-EU States that have signed the MCAA, as of the 
respective date determined by Royal Decree. In a Royal Decree of 14 June 2017, as amended, it has been 
provided that the automatic exchange of information has to be provided (i) as from 2017 (for the 2016 financial 
year) for a first list of eighteen foreign jurisdictions, (ii) as from 2018 (for the 2017 financial year) for a second 
list of 44 jurisdictions, (iii) as from 2019 (for the 2018 financial year) for another jurisdiction, (iv) as from 2020 
(for the 2019 financial year) for a list of 6 jurisdictions and (v) as from 2023 (for the 2022 financial year) for 
two other jurisdictions.
The Notes are subject to DAC2 and to the Law of 16 December 2015. Under DAC2 and the Law of 
16 December 2015, Belgian financial institutions holding the Notes for tax residents in another CRS contracting 
state shall report financial information regarding the Notes (e.g. in relation to income and gross proceeds) to 
the Belgian competent authority, who shall communicate the information to the competent authority of the state 
of the tax residence of the beneficial owner.
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers.
3
The proposed EU financial transaction tax
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (each, other than Estonia, a “Participating Member State”). Estonia has ceased to 
participate.
The Commission’s Proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force the Participating Member 
States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in 
Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax).
The Commission’s Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt.
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or 
(b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. In June 2023, the Commission stated that the prospects on reaching an 
agreement on the FTT in the future were limited, adding there was little expectation that any proposal would 
be agreed in short term.
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 167 ---
Taxation on the Notes
167
4
FATCA withholding
Pursuant to certain provisions of U.S. law, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may 
be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to 
meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for 
these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Belgium) have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the 
event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, 
no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 168 ---
Subscription and sale
168
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Pursuant to a Distribution Agreement dated on or about 2 May 2024 (the “Distribution Agreement”) between 
Belfius Bank, the Dealers and the Arranger and subject to the conditions contained therein, the Dealers have agreed 
with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. The Notes 
may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer. The Distribution Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are 
jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers.
Belfius Bank will pay each relevant Dealer a commission in respect of Notes subscribed by them. Belfius Bank has 
agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred in connection with the update of the Programme 
and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme.
Belfius Bank has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities relating to any misrepresentation or 
breach of any of the representations, warranties or agreements of Belfius Bank in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes. The Distribution Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.
Eligible investors
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, the Notes may only be held by, and may only be transferred 
to, Eligible Investors referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 holding their Notes in an 
exempt securities accounts that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in 
the Securities Settlement System operated by the National Bank of Belgium. Where the Reference Rate of any Notes 
is SONIA, SOFR or €STR, such Notes may in any case only be held by, and may only be transferred to, Eligible 
Investors referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 holding their Notes in an exempt 
securities accounts that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the 
Securities Settlement System operated by the National Bank of Belgium.
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”), or any U.S. state securities laws and, unless so registered, the Notes may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from, or not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable U.S. state securities laws. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Each of the Dealers and Belfius Bank has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Distribution Agreement, it has 
not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it 
sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States 
by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act.

--- Page 169 ---
Subscription and sale
169
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, the Issuer will request each Dealer to represent and agree, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression “offer” in relation to any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for any Notes.
Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available, in Belgium to “consumers” (consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code 
of Economic Law (Code de droit économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as amended.
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, the Issuer will request each Dealer to represent and agree, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will 
not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 2000 and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and
(b)
the expression “offer” in relation to any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for any Notes.

--- Page 170 ---
Subscription and sale
170
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation and in respect of UK Retail 
Investors
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant
State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above is made to consumers nor shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in any 
Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the 
expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public 
in the United Kingdom, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA 2000,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA 2000 or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “UK 
Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
Other regulatory restrictions in the United Kingdom
Each of the Dealers and Belfius Bank has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 171 ---
Subscription and sale
171
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue, (a) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any such 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA 2000”);
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA 2000) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in 
which section 21(1) of the FSMA 2000 does not apply to Belfius Bank; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 2000 with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Belgium
Any offering of the Notes will be exclusively conducted under applicable private placement exemptions and the 
restrictions described in this section (Subscription and Sale) will apply. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering material related to the Notes will have been or will be approved 
or reviewed by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en 
Markten/Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers, “FSMA”). The FSMA has not commented as to the accuracy 
or adequacy of any such material or recommended the purchase of the Notes nor will the FSMA so comment or 
recommend. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the Dealers.
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any 
Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident 
in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.
Switzerland
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. The 
Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on 
any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made available, 
in each case, in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to 
the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant the FinSA. No key information document 
(Basisinformationsblatt) according to the FinSA or any equivalent document under the FinSA has been prepared in

--- Page 172 ---
Subscription and sale
172
relation to the Notes and, therefore, Notes may not be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning 
of the FinSA in Switzerland.
In respect of any Tranche of Notes that qualify as derivative debt instruments within the meaning of the FinSA and 
the Financial Services Ordinance and that will be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of 
the FinSA in Switzerland, the Issuer will prepare a key information document (Basisinformationsblatt) according to 
the FinSA or any equivalent document under the FinSA.
Canada
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed 
by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable 
provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult 
with a legal advisor. If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the 
government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts 
(“NI 33-105”), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering.
Singapore
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A

--- Page 173 ---
Subscription and sale
173
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA and in accordance with 
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
General
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of Belfius Bank and the Dealers. Any such modification 
will be set out in the Final Terms issued in respect of the issuance of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to 
this Base Prospectus.
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of 
any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.
Each Dealer has severally but not jointly agreed that it shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms in all cases at its own 
expense.

--- Page 174 ---
Form of Final Terms
174
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme.
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Solely for the purposes of the product approval process of [the/each]
Manufacturer (i.e., each person deemed a manufacturer for purposes of the EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, 
hereinafter referred to as a “Manufacturer”), the target market assessment in respect of the Notes as of the 
date hereof has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients [and retail clients], each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”);
[and] (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate[; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate –
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services – subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]. [Consider any 
negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (an “EU 
Distributor”) should take into consideration [the/each] Manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment. An EU
Distributor subject to MiFID II is, however, responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining [the/each] Manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Solely for the purposes of the product approval process of 
[the/each] UK Manufacturer (i.e., each person deemed a manufacturer for purposes of the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook, hereinafter referred to as a “UK Manufacturer”), 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes as of the date hereof has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (“UK MiFIR”)[, and 
retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA]; [and] (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate[; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate – investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services – subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]. 
[Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “UK Distributor”) should take into consideration [the/each] UK Manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment. A UK Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is, however, responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining [the/each] UK 
Manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended
(“MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering

--- Page 175 ---
Form of Final Terms
175
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPS Regulation.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”)]/[EUWA]; (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA
2000”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available, and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available, in Belgium to “consumers”
(consommateurs/consumenten) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Code de droit 
économique/Wetboek van economisch recht), as amended.
[ELIGIBLE INVESTORS ONLY – The Notes may only be held by, and may only be transferred to, eligible 
investors referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 (“Eligible Investors”) holding 
their Notes in an exempt account that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect 
participant in the Securities Settlement System operated by the NBB.]
[SECTION 309B NOTIFICATION – The Notes are [prescribed capital markets products/capital markets 
products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and [Excluded Investment Products/Specified Investment 
Products] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]
Final Terms dated [●]
Belfius Bank SA/NV
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): A5GWLFH3KM7YV2SFQL84
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche]
[Title of Notes]
under the EUR 15,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 2 May 2024 [and the Base Prospectus Supplement[s] dated [●]] which [together]

--- Page 176 ---
Form of Final Terms
176
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended
(the “Prospectus Regulation”)]/[the Prospectus Regulation]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●]] [has/have] been published on the website of the Issuer
(www.belfius.be/about-us/en/investors) and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
[(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.)
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [3 May 2022/3 May 2023] which are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus dated 2 May 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]/[the Prospectus 
Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 2 May 2024 [and the supplement(s) to 
it dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
“Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all relevant information, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions which 
are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [3 May 2022/3 May 2023]. [The Base Prospectus dated 2 May 2024[, 
the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●]] and the terms and conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus 
dated [3 May 2022/3 May 2023] have been published on the website of the Issuer (www.belfius.be/about-
us/en/investors) and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.)
1
(I)
Series Number:
[   ]
[(II)
Tranche Number:
[   ]]
(delete if not applicable)
(III)
Date on which Notes 
become fungible
[Not Applicable] / [The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the [insert 
description of Series] (ISIN: [   ]) on [   ] / [the Issue Date]/[with 
effect from the date that is 40 days following the Issue Date]]
2
Specified Currency or 
Currencies:
[   ]
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
[   ]
[(I)]
Series:
[   ]
[(II)
Tranche:
[   ]]
(delete if not applicable)
4
Issue Price:
[   ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest 
from [insert date] (if applicable, insert if Notes are fungible with 
a previous issue)]
5
(I)
Specified 
Denomination(s):
[   ] [and integral multiples of [   ] in excess thereof up to and 
including [●]].

--- Page 177 ---
Form of Final Terms
177
(Note: No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or nearly equivalent 
amount in other currencies.)
(II)
Calculation Amount:
[   ]
6
(I)
Issue Date:
[   ]
(II)
Interest Commencement 
Date:
[   ] / [Issue Date] / [Not applicable] 
7
Maturity Date:
[Fixed maturity date: [   ] / [Interest Payment Date falling on or 
nearest to [   ] (specify in this format for Floating Rate Notes or 
CMS-Linked Interest Notes)]] / [No fixed maturity date: 
perpetual]
(Note: (i) Subordinated Notes that are included in or count 
towards the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer will have a minimum 
maturity of five years or such other minimum maturity as required 
by the Applicable Banking Regulation; and (ii) for Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, the Maturity Date must be no less than one year 
from the Issue Date of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes.)
8
Interest Basis:
[Not Applicable. The Notes do not bear any interest]
[[   ]% Fixed Rate (Further particulars specified in Paragraph 14 
of Part A of the Final Terms below)]
[[EURIBOR/ SONIA/€STR/SOFR/alternative reference rate] [+/-
[Margin]] Floating Rate, Further particulars specified below]
[CMS-Linked Interest Note]
[Zero Coupon]
[Range Accrual Note]
[Resettable Note (Further particulars specified in Paragraph 15 of 
Part A of the Final Terms below)]
(include all which are relevant)
9
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Par Redemption] / [Specified Redemption Amount].
10
Change of Interest Basis:
[Applicable. Notes are [Fixed to Floating Rate Notes / Floating to 
Fixed Rate Notes]] / [Not Applicable]
11
Call Options:
Call Option: (Condition 3(c))
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 19 of Part A of 
the Final Terms below] / [Not Applicable]. 
12
(I)
Status of the Notes:
[Senior Preferred] / [Senior Non-Preferred] / [Subordinated] 
Notes
(II)
Subordinated Notes:
[Applicable] / [Not applicable]
(if Not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph)

Condition 
3(d)
(Redemption 
upon 
Capital 
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 22 of Part A of 
the Final Terms below] / [Not applicable]

--- Page 178 ---
Form of Final Terms
178
Disqualification 
Event)

Condition 
3(f)
(Redemption 
of 
Senior 
Notes 
or 
Subordinated Notes 
upon the occurrence 
of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification 
Event)
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 22 of Part A of 
the Final Terms below] / [Not applicable]

Condition 
6(d): 
Substitution 
and 
Variation
[Applicable] / [Not applicable]
(III)
Senior Notes:
[Applicable] / [Not applicable]
(if Not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph)

Condition 
3(f)
(Redemption 
of 
Senior 
Notes 
or 
Subordinated Notes 
upon the occurrence 
of a MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification 
Event)
[Applicable. Further details specified in Paragraph 22 of Part A of 
the Final Terms below] / [Not applicable]

Condition 
6(d): 
Substitution 
and 
Variation
[Applicable] / [Not applicable]
13
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated][Non-syndicated]
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable
14
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable] / [Applicable for the Interest Periods specified 
below] / [Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(I)
Interest Periods to which 
Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable:
[All] / [Notes are Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, and Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions shall apply for the following Interest Periods: 
From and including [the Interest Commencement Date] to but 
excluding [   ][, from and including [   ] to but excluding [   ]…. 
and from and including [   ] to but excluding [   ]].] / [Notes are 
Floating to Fixed Rate Notes, and Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
shall apply for the following Interest Periods: From and including 
[   ] to but excluding [   ][, from and including [   ] to but excluding 
[   ] and from and including [   ] to but excluding [   ]].]
(delete as appropriate)
(II)
Step-Up Notes:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 179 ---
Form of Final Terms
179
(III)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[[   ]% per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]]
[for the period from [   ] to [   ] [   ]% per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] and for 
the period from [   ] to [   ] [   ]% per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]
(IV)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[Each [   ] and [   ], from and including [   ]  up to and including [   
]] / [[date][, [date]…. and [date]]]
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.]
(V)
Interest Period Dates 
[Each [   ] and [   ], from and including [   ]  up to and including [   
]] / [[date][, [date]…. and [date]]]
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.] / [Not subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention.]
(VI)
Business Day 
Convention:
[Following Business Day Convention] 
(VII) Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]:
[[   ]  per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable]
(VIII) Broken Amount(s):
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [   ]] / [Not Applicable]
(IX)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)][Actual/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)]/[ACT/ ACT 
(ICMA)] 
(X)
Determination Dates:
[[   ] in each year][Not applicable]
(XI)
Business Centre(s):
[    ] / [Not Applicable]
15
Resettable Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(I)
Initial Rate of Interest:
[   ]% per annum payable in arrear on each Resettable Note 
Interest Payment Date
(II)
Resettable Note Interest 
Payment Date(s):
[Each [   ] and [   ], from and including [   ]  up to and 
including [   ]] / [[date][, [date]…. and [date]]]
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.]
(III)
Interest Period Date(s):
[Each [   ] and [   ], from and including [   ]  up to and including [   
]] / [[date][, [date]…. and [date]]]
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.] / [Not subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention.]
(IV)
Business Day 
Convention:
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]
(V)
First Margin:
[+/-] [   ]% per annum

--- Page 180 ---
Form of Final Terms
180
(VI)
Subsequent Margin:
[+/-] [   ]% per annum
(VII) Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual] [Actual/Actual-ISDA] [Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [Actual/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
[ACT/ACT-ICMA]
(VIII) Determination Dates
[   ] 
(IX)
First Resettable Note 
Reset Date:
[   ] 
(X)
Second Resettable Note 
Reset Date:
[   ] 
(XI)
Subsequent Resettable 
Note Reset Date[s]:
[[   ], [   ], [   ]] / [Not Applicable]
(XII) Reset Determination 
Date[s]:
[[   ], [   ], [   ]] / [Not Applicable]
(XIII) Relevant Screen Page:
[[   ], [   ], [   ]] / [Not Applicable]
(XIV) Mid-Swap Rate
[Single Mid-Swap Rate]  [Mean Mid-Swap Rate]
(XV) Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate:
[    ]
(XVI) Mid-Swap Maturity:
[    ] / [Not Applicable]
(XVII)Business Centre(s):
[    ] / [Not Applicable]
16
Floating Rate Note / CMS-
Linked Interest Note 
Provisions
[Applicable. The Notes are [Floating Rate Notes] / [CMS-Linked 
Interest Notes]] / [Applicable for the Interest Periods specified 
below] / [Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(I)
Interest Periods to which 
Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable:
[All] / [Notes are Floating to Fixed Rate Notes, and Floating Rate 
Note Provisions shall apply for the following Interest Periods: 
From and including [the Interest Commencement Date] to but 
excluding [   ][, from and including [   ] to but excluding [   ]…. 
and from and including [   ] to but excluding [   ]]] / [Notes are 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes, and Floating Rate Note Provisions 
shall apply for the following Interest Periods: From and including 
[   ] to but excluding [   ][, from and including [   ] to but excluding 
[   ]…. and from and including [   ] to but excluding [   ]].] / [Not 
Applicable, the Notes are CMS-Linked Interest Notes.]
(delete as appropriate)
(II)
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates:
[Each [   ] and [   ], from and including [   ] up to and including [   
][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention]] / [Not subject to any adjustment as the Business Day 
Convention in (IV) below is specified as Not Applicable]
(Specify “Not Applicable” if fallback in Condition 2(m) applies)
(III)
Interest Period Dates:
[Not applicable] / [ Each [   ] and [   ], from and including [   ] up 
to and including [     ]] 
(Specify “Not Applicable” if fallback in Condition 2(m) applies)

--- Page 181 ---
Form of Final Terms
181
(IV)
Business Day 
Convention:
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention] / [Not Applicable]
(delete as appropriate)
(V)
Business Centre(s):
[   ] / [Not Applicable]
(VI)
Reference Banks:
[   ]
(VII) Manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination] / [ISDA Determination] / [CMS-
Linked Interest Notes provisions in paragraph (XI) below apply]
(VIII) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s):
[Calculation Agent][name]
(IX)
Screen Rate 
Determination:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
(if Not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph)
–
Reference Rate:
[   ] / 
–
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[[date][, [date]…. and [date]] / [As specified in Condition 2(m)]
[Second London Banking Day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period][first day of each Interest Period][the second day on which 
the TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] [[ ] London Banking Day prior to the end of each Interest 
Period] [[ ] days prior to start of each Interest Period]
–
Relevant Screen 
Page:
[   ]
–
Relevant Time
–
Margin:
[Not Applicable] / [[+/-][  ]% per annum[ in respect of Interest 
Period from and including [the Interest Commencement Date] to 
but excluding [   ][, [[+/-][  ]% per annum from and including [   ] 
to but excluding [   ]] and [[+/-][  ]% per annum from and 
including [   ] to but excluding [   ]]]]
–
Leverage:
[   ] / [Not Applicable]
(X)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
(if Not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph)
–
Floating Rate 
Option:
[   ]
–
Designated 
Maturity:
[   ]
–
Reset Date:
[date][, [date]…. and [date]
–
Margin:
[Not Applicable] / [[+/-][  ]% per annum[ in respect of Interest 
Period from and including [the Interest Commencement Date] to 
but excluding [   ][, [[+/-][  ]% per annum from and including [   ]

--- Page 182 ---
Form of Final Terms
182
to but excluding [   ] and [[+/-][  ]% per annum from and including 
[   ] to but excluding [   ]]]]
–
Leverage:
[   ] / [Not Applicable]
(XI) 
Linear interpolation
[Not Applicable/ Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the [long/ 
short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest period)]
(XII) Observation Method
[Not Applicable/Lag/Lock-out/Shift][, where Lock-out date 
means the date [specify number] [London Banking Days][U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] prior to the applicable 
Interest Payment Date]
(XIII) Observation Look-back 
Period:
[specify number] [London Banking Days]/[TARGET Settlement 
Days]/[U.S. Government Securities Business Days]
(XIV) CMS-Linked Interest 
Notes:
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
(if Not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph)
–
Reference Rate:
(Condition 2(c)(iv))
[CMS Reference Rate] / [Leveraged CMS Reference Rate] / 
[CMS Reference Rate Spread] / [Leveraged CMS Reference Rate 
Spread] applies.
(delete as appropriate)
–
CMS Rate:
[   ] / [CMS Rate 1 and CMS Rate 2]
(specify if CMS Reference Rate or Leveraged CMS Reference Rate 
are applicable, otherwise specify “CMS Rate 1 and CMS Rate 
2”.)
–
CMS Rate 1:
[   ] / [Not Applicable]
(specify if CMS Reference Rate Spread or Leveraged CMS 
Reference Rate Spread are applicable, otherwise specify as “Not 
Applicable”)
–
CMS Rate 2:
[   ] / [Not Applicable]
(specify if CMS Reference Rate Spread or Leveraged CMS 
Reference Rate Spread are applicable, otherwise specify as “Not 
Applicable”)
–
Designated 
Maturity:
[   ][For [CMS Rate 1: [   ] and for CMS Rate 2[   ]]]
–
Reference 
Currency:
[   ][For [CMS Rate 1: [   ] and for CMS Rate 2[   ]]]
–
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[   ][For [CMS Rate 1: [   ] and for CMS Rate 2[   ]]]
[Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.]
–
Business Day 
Convention:
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Not subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention.]
(delete as appropriate)
–
Specified time:
[   ][For [CMS Rate 1: [   ] and for CMS Rate 2[   ]]]

--- Page 183 ---
Form of Final Terms
183
–
Relevant Screen 
Page:
[   ][For [CMS Rate 1: [   ] and for CMS Rate 2[   ]]]
–
Margin:
[Not Applicable] / [[+/-][  ]% per annum[ in respect of Interest 
Period from and including [the Interest Commencement Date] to 
but excluding [   ][, [[+/-][  ]% per annum from and including [   ] 
to but excluding [   ] and [[+/-][  ]% per annum from and including 
[   ] to but excluding [   ]]]]
–
Leverage:
[   ] / [Not Applicable]
(XV) Minimum Rate of 
Interest:
[   ]% / [Not Applicable]
(XVI) Maximum Rate of 
Interest:
[   ]% / [Not Applicable]
(XVII)Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)]/[ACT/ ACT 
(ICMA)]
(XVIII)
Determination Date
[   ]
17
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
(if Not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph)
(I)
Amortisation Yield:
[__]% per annum
(II)
Day Count Fraction
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)]/[ACT/ ACT 
(ICMA)]
(III)
Determination Date
[   ]
18
Range Accrual Provisions
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
(if Not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph)
(I)
Reference Rate:
[   ]
(II)
Specified Rate:
[[   ]%] 
(III)
Upper Barrier:
[   ]
(IV)
Lower Barrier:
[   ]
(V)
Maximum Rate of 
Interest:
[   ]% / [Not Applicable]
(VI)
Minimum Rate of 
Interest:
[   ]% / [Not Applicable]
(VII) Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)]/[ACT/ ACT 
(ICMA)]
(VIII) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
[Calculation Agent][name]

--- Page 184 ---
Form of Final Terms
184
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s):
(IX)
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates:
Each [   ] and [   ], from and including [   ] up to and including [   
][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention] / Not Applicable
(Specify “Not Applicable” if fallback in Condition 2(m) applies)
(X)
Interest Period Dates:
[Not applicable] / [ Each [   ] and [   ], from and including [   ] up 
to and including [     ]] 
(Specify “Not Applicable” if fallback in Condition 2(m) applies)
(XI)
Business Day 
Convention:
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]
(delete as appropriate)
(XII) Business Centre(s):
[   ] / [Not Applicable]
Provisions Relating to 
Redemption
19
Call Option (Condition 3(c))
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(if Not applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs under this 
paragraph)
(I)
Optional Redemption 
Date(s):
[   ] [Subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention.] 
(II)
Business Day 
Convention:
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]
(delete as appropriate)
(III)
Redemption Amount 
(Call) of each Note:
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / [Amortised 
Face Amount]
(IV)
Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate:
[[   ]%] / [[   ]% in respect of the Optional Redemption Date falling 
on [   ], [   ]% in respect of the Optional Redemption Date falling 
on [   ]] / [Not Applicable]
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. Note: 
the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 100%)
(V)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(a)
Minimum Nominal 
Redemption 
Amount:
[   ] / [Not Applicable]
(b)
Maximum Nominal 
Redemption 
Amount:
[   ] / [Not Applicable]
(VI)
Notice period:
[   ]
20
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / [Amortised 
Face Amount]
(I)
Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate:
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. Note: 
the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 100%)

--- Page 185 ---
Form of Final Terms
185
21
Zero Coupon Note 
Redemption Amount of each 
Zero Coupon Note
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / [Amortised 
Face Amount]
(I)
Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate:
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. Note: 
the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 100%)
22
Early Redemption
(I)
Tax Event Redemption 
Amount (Condition 3(e)):
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / [Amortised 
Face Amount] / [Not Applicable]
(a)
Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate:
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. Note: 
the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 100%)
(b)
Amortisation Yield:
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]
(Specify only if “Amortised Face Amount” is selected.)
(c)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)]/[ACT/ ACT 
(ICMA)]
(Specify only if “Amortised Face Amount” is selected.)
(II)
Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Tax 
Event (Condition 3(e)):
Redemption [on any Interest Payment Date] / [on any Resettable 
Note Interest Payment Date] / [at any time] after the occurrence 
of a Tax Event which is continuing
(III)
Capital Disqualification 
Event Early Redemption 
Price (Condition 3(d)):
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / [Amortised 
Face Amount] / [Not Applicable]
(a)
Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate:
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. Note: 
the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 100%)
(b)
Amortisation Yield:
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]
(Specify only if “Amortised Face Amount” is selected.)
(c)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)]/[ACT/ ACT 
(ICMA)]
(Specify only if “Amortised Face Amount” is selected.)
(IV)
Redemption upon Capital 
Disqualification Event:
Redemption [on any Interest Payment Date] / [on any Resettable 
Note Interest Payment Date] / [at any time] after the occurrence 
of a Capital Disqualification Event which is continuing
(V)
MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event 
Early Redemption Price 
(Condition 3(f)):
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / [Amortised 
Face Amount] / [Not Applicable]
(a)
Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate:
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 186 ---
Form of Final Terms
186
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. Note: 
the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 100%)
(b)
Amortisation Yield:
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]
(Specify only if “Amortised Face Amount” is selected.)
(c)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)]/[ACT/ ACT 
(ICMA)]
(Specify only if “Amortised Face Amount” is selected.)
(VI)
Substantial Repurchase 
Event Redemption 
Amount (Condition 3(g)):
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / [Amortised 
Face Amount] / [Not Applicable]
(a)
Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate:
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. Note: 
the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 100%)
(b)
Amortisation Yield:
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]
(Specify only if “Amortised Face Amount” is selected.)
(c)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)]/[ACT/ ACT 
(ICMA)]
(Specify only if “Amortised Face Amount” is selected.)
(VII) Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a 
Substantial Repurchase 
Event (Condition 3(g)):
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph. The Substantial Repurchase Event should only be 
specified to be applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers 
is specified to be applicable)
(a)
Applicable 
Percentage:
[●]
(b)
Notice Period:
[●] days
(VIII) Event of Default 
Redemption Amount 
(Condition 11):
[Specified Redemption Amount] / [Par Redemption] / [Amortised 
Face Amount]
(a)
Specified Fixed 
Percentage Rate:
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]
(Specify only if “Specified Redemption Amount” is selected. Note: 
the Specified Fixed Percentage Rate must be at least 100%)
(b)
Amortisation Yield:
[[   ]%] / [Not Applicable]
(Specify only if “Amortised Face Amount” is selected.)
(c)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual][Actual/Actual-
ISDA]/[Actual/365(fixed)][Actual/360][30/360][360/360][Bond 
Basis][30E/360][Eurobond Basis][30E/360 (ISDA)]/[ACT/ ACT 
(ICMA)] 
(Specify only if “Amortised Face Amount” is selected.)

--- Page 187 ---
Form of Final Terms
187
23
Substitution of the Issuer 
(Condition 7)
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]
General Provisions Applicable to the Notes
24
Business Day Jurisdictions for 
payments 
[   ]
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:
By:
......................................................................
Duly authorised

--- Page 188 ---
Form of Final Terms
188
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Admission to trading:
[Application [has been][is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
on [the official list of the [Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market 
of 
the 
[Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange]][Euronext Brussels and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Brussels]] / [other stock exchange specify relevant 
regulated market and also any third country market, 
SME Growth Market or MTF]. / [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that the original notes are already admitted 
to trading.)
(ii)
Earliest day of admission to trading:
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading with effect from [  ].] / [On or 
around [  ].] / [Not applicable.]
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[   ]
2
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued have been specifically rated:
[S & P: [   ]]
[Moody’s: [   ]]
[Other: [   ]]
[The Notes to be issued have not been specifically 
rated, but Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally have been rated:
[S & P: [   ]]
[Moody’s: [   ]]
[Other: [   ]]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to the Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable:1
Option–1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
1
A list of registered Credit Rating Agencies is published on the ESMA website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/).

--- Page 189 ---
Form of Final Terms
189
rating agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“EU 
CRA 
Regulation”). [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”).] /[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”).]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.
Option–2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the [relevant competent authority]

--- Page 190 ---
Form of Final Terms
190
/[European Securities and Markets Authority]. 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation (UK)”).] / [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing 
rating] 
has 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.]
Option–3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
is neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which

--- Page 191 ---
Form of Final Terms
191
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation (UK)”).] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”).]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the Notes 
is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.]
Option–4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit
rating agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert 
date of most recent list]) on [FCA website]. [The
rating [Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Notes to be issued under the Programme is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”).] [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“EU 
CRA 
Regulation”).] [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009,

--- Page 192 ---
Form of Final Terms
192
as amended (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]
Option–5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which 
is established and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
AND/OR 
under 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”)][and][[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”)].
Option–6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation but 
CRA is certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
AND/OR under the UK CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“EU 
CRA 
Regulation”)][and][ Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”].
Option–7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or 
the UK nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
or the UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is 
not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”) or Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom

--- Page 193 ---
Form of Final Terms
193
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in either the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.)
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below:)
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)].
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)
4
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
Reasons for the offer
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus
dated [2] May 2024/[Give details]]
[The Notes constitute Green Bonds and an amount 
equivalent to the net proceeds are intended to be used 
to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Assets as 
described in the Green Bond Framework of the 
Issuer. Investors should have regard to the factors 
described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in 
the Base Prospectus, in particular the risk factor 
entitled “Risks related to Notes which qualify as 
“Green Bonds” which have a particular use of 
proceeds identified in the applicable Final Terms”.]
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, give details here.)
Estimated net proceeds
[     ] 
5
Fixed Rate Notes only - YIELD
[Not Applicable]
(if Not applicable, delete the sub-paragraph under 
this paragraph)
Indication of yield:
[   ] [The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of (i) the Issue Price, (ii) the Rate of Interest 
applicable 
from 
and 
including 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date until and excluding [the 
Maturity Date/the Reset Date/[●]] and (iii) the [Final

--- Page 194 ---
Form of Final Terms
194
Redemption Amount]. It is not an indication of 
future yield.]
6
Floating Rate Notes or CMS-Linked Interest 
Notes only – Historic Interest Rates
[Not Applicable]
(if Not applicable, delete the sub-paragraph under 
this paragraph)
Details of historic [EURIBOR][SONIA][€STR][SOFR][CMS Rate] rates can be obtained from [Reuters 
page]
7
Range Accrual Notes only – Historic Reference 
Rates
[Not Applicable]
(if Not applicable, delete the sub-paragraph under 
this paragraph)
Details of historic [EURIBOR][CMS Rate] rates can be obtained from [Reuters page]
8
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] / [No.]
Eligible Investors:
[The Notes offered by the Issuer may only be 
subscribed, purchased or held by investors in an 
exempt securities account (“X-Account”) that has 
been opened with a financial institution that is a 
direct or indirect participant in the Securities 
Settlement System.] 2 / [The Notes offered by the 
Issuer may be subscribed, purchased or held by 
investors in an exempt securities account (“X-
Account”) or a non-exempt securities account (“N-
Account”) that has been opened with a financial 
institution that is a direct or indirect participant in the 
Securities Settlement System.]
ISIN Code:
[   ]
[Temporary ISIN Code:]
[   ]
Common Code:
[   ]
[Temporary Common Code:]
[   ]
[CFI:
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / 
Not Available]
2 Where Final Terms relate to an issuance where SONIA, SOFR or €STR is selected as the Reference Rate, this option must always apply.

--- Page 195 ---
Form of Final Terms
195
[FISN:
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / 
Not Available]
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required or requested 
it/they should be specified to be “Not Applicable”)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):
[   ]
Names and address of Listing Agent (if any and if 
different from Banque International à 
Luxembourg SA):
[   ]
Name and address of Calculation Agent (if any):
[   ]
[Name and address of the operator of the 
Alternative Clearing System]
[   ]
Relevant Benchmark[s]:
[Not Applicable]/[[specify benchmark] is provided 
by [administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not 
appear] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
“EU Benchmarks Regulation”).] / [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks 
Regulation”).]
As 
at 
the 
date 
hereof, 
[[specify 
benchmark][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the FCA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
Benchmarks Regulation”)]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK Benchmarks Regulation”).]/ [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”)
apply, 
such 
that 
[name 
of

--- Page 196 ---
Form of Final Terms
196
administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
UK, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]
9
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
If syndicated:
(A) Names and addresses of Dealers and 
underwriting commitments:
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments]
(B) Date of [Subscription] Agreement:
[●]
(C) Stabilising Manager(s) if any:
[Not Applicable/give name]
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name and address]
(ii)
Additional Selling Restrictions:
[Not applicable/give details]
(iii) US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered):
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA not 
applicable
(iv) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged”
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged”
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors.
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Notes clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged”
products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the offer of the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no 
key information documents will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)
(vi) Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors only:
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 197 ---
General information
197
GENERAL INFORMATION
1.
The CSSF, in its capacity as the competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation, has approved this Base 
Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to 
Notes (i) to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or (ii) to be listed and admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in another Member State for which the CSSF has notified the relevant competent authority of the 
approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer has 
requested the CSSF to notify the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor 
Financiële Diensten en Markten/Autorité des Services et Marchés Financiers) of the approval of the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation.
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
The Issuer may also issue Notes which are not listed or request the listing of Notes on any other stock 
exchange or market.
2.
Belfius Bank has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Belgium in connection with 
the issue and performance of the Notes. The update of the Programme by Belfius Bank was authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of Belfius Bank passed on 14 December 2023 and by a resolution of the 
Management Board of Belfius Bank passed on 4 January 2024.
3.
Belfius Bank is an Authorised European Institution and is included on the Credit Institutions Register of the 
EBA.
4.
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes as well as 
a description of the method whereby the yield is to be calculated in summary form will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
5.
Save as disclosed under the section “Description of the Issuer” on pages 125 to 153 of this Base Prospectus, 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Belfius Bank on a consolidated basis since 
31 December 2023.
6.
Save as disclosed under the section “Description of the Issuer – Post-balance sheet events” on page 134 of 
this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position or the financial 
performance of Belfius Bank since 31 December 2023.
7.
Save as disclosed under the section “Description of the Issuer – Litigation” on pages 141 to 143 of this Base 
Prospectus, neither Belfius Bank nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which Belfius 
Bank is aware) during the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have 
had in the recent past significant effects, on the financial position or profitability of Belfius Bank or any of its 
subsidiaries.
8.
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Securities Settlement System operated by the 
National Bank of Belgium. The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) 
(and any other relevant identification number for any Alternative Clearing System) for each Series of Notes 
will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. Access to the Securities Settlement System is available through 
those of the participants in the Securities Settlement System whose membership extends to securities such as 
the Notes. Participants in the Securities Settlement System include certain banks, stockbrokers, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France or LuxCSD.

--- Page 198 ---
General information
198
9.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the address of the National Bank of Belgium (i.e., the operator of the 
Securities Settlement System) is Boulevard de Berlaimont 14, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
the operator of any Alternative Clearing System will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
10.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary 
course of Belfius Bank’s business, which could result in Belfius Bank being under an obligation or entitlement 
that is material to Belfius Bank’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being 
issued.
11.
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined before filing of the applicable Final 
Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions.
12.
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will 
be available for inspection on the website of the Issuer (www.belfius.be/about-us/en/investors):
(i)
the articles of association of Belfius Bank;
(ii)
this Base Prospectus and any supplements and each Final Terms; and
(iii)
the annual report and audited annual accounts of Belfius Bank for the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023, including the reports of the statutory auditor in respect 
thereof.
The Agency Agreement will, so long as any Notes are outstanding, be available for inspection, during normal 
business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), at the specified office of the Paying 
Agent.
The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms of tranches listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and all 
documents that have been incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus will be available on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Copies of Final Terms relating to Notes which are 
admitted to trading on any other regulated market in the EEA, will be published in accordance with the rules 
and regulations of the relevant listing authority or stock exchange and otherwise in accordance with Article 21 
of the Prospectus Regulation.
13.
No entity or organisation has been appointed to act as representative of the Noteholders. The provisions on 
meetings of Noteholders are set out in Condition 10 (Meeting of Noteholders and modification to Agency 
Agreement) and Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) to the Conditions.
14.
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including 
(but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, 
or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In 
addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the 
Issuer’s affiliates. If any of the Dealers or their affiliates has a lending relationship with the Issuer, certain of 
the Dealers or their affiliates routinely hedge, and certain other of those Dealers or their affiliates may hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the 
Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes

--- Page 199 ---
General information
199
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments 
and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments.
15.
The audit of Belfius Bank’s financial statements was conducted by KPMG Reviseurs d’Entreprises SCRL, 
represented by Olivier Macq (members of IBR – IRE Instituut der Bedrijfsrevisoren/lnstitut des Réviseurs 
d’Entreprises) in relation to the audit of the consolidated financial statements of Belfius for the financial years
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. They have rendered an unqualified audit report on the 
financial statements of Belfius Bank for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023.

--- Page 200 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF BELFIUS BANK SA/NV
Place Charles Rogier 11
B-1210 Brussels
Belgium
DEALERS
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
D02RF29
Ireland
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Place Charles Rogier 11
B-1210 Brussels
Belgium
BNP Paribas
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
BofA Securities Europe SA
51 Rue La Boétie
75008 Paris
France
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Reuterweg 16
60323 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Kaiserstrasse 16 (Kaiserplatz)
60311 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
12, Place des Etats-Unis
CS 70052
92547 Montrouge Cedex
France
J.P. Morgan SE
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm)
60310 Frankfurt-am-Main
Germany
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg
Am Hauptbahnhof 2
70173 Stuttgart
Germany
Morgan Stanley Europe SE
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main
Germany
Natixis
7 promenade Germaine Sablon
75013 Paris
France
NatWest Markets N.V.
Claude Debussylaan 94
1082 MD Amsterdam
Netherlands
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH
Rathenauplatz 1, 60313
Frankfurt-am-Main
Germany
Société Générale 
Immeuble Basalte
17 Cours Valmy
92987 Paris La Défense Cedex
France
UBS AG London Branch
5 Broadgate
London EC2M 2QS
United Kingdom
UniCredit Bank GmbH
Arabellastrasse 12
D-81925 Munich
Federal Republic of Germany
CALCULATION AGENT
Belfius Bank SA/NV
Place Charles Rogier 11
B-1210 Brussels
Belgium

--- Page 201 ---
FISCAL AGENT 
Belfius Bank SA/NV
Place Charles Rogier 11
B-1210 Brussels
Belgium
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT
Belfius Bank SA/NV
Place Charles Rogier 11
B-1210 Brussels
Belgium
PAYING AGENT
Belfius Bank SA/NV
Place Charles Rogier 11
B-1210 Brussels
Belgium
ARRANGER
Société Générale
Immeuble Basalte
17 Cours Valmy
92987 Paris La Défense Cedex
France
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA
69, route d’Esch
L-1470 Luxembourg
Luxembourg
AUDITORS
KPMG Reviseurs d’Entreprises SCRL
Gateway building, Luchthaven Nationaal 1 K
1930 Zaventem
Belgium
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer
Linklaters LLP
Rue Brederodestraat 13
1000 Brussels
Belgium
To the Dealers
White & Case LLP
62, Rue de la Loi
1040 Brussels
Belgium