--- Page 1 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Manager: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
West Sussex, 31 March 2023

--- Page 2 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for Benchmark Holdings plc’s 
(the Company) lines of business. 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 1 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Manager, available at its website 
(http://www.dnb.no).  
 
The Manager and/or any of its affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be a market maker 
or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus and may perform or 
seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. The Manager's corporate finance 
department may act as manager or co-manager for this Company in private and/or public placement and/or resale 
not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Prospectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Prospectus 
may be used in any EEA country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Prospectus dated 31 March 2023 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these documents 
constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding 
the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS ..............................................................................4 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................5 
2 DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................. 16 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 18 
4 STATUTORY AUDITORS ................................................................................................... 19 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 20 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 22 
7 ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE ........................................................................................ 31 
8 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 32 
9 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 33 
10 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS ................................................................................................ 38 
11 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES ...................................................... 39 
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 44 
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 45 
14 THIRD PARTY INFORMATION .......................................................................................... 54 
STATEMENTS REGARDING REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 ....................................................... 55 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST .................................................................................................... 56 
MANAGER'S DISCLAIMER ................................................................................................... 57 
ANNEX 1 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION FOR BENCHMARK HOLDINGS PLC .................................. 58 
ANNEX 2 LEGAL STRUCTURE OF THE GROUP ........................................................................ 59 
ANNEX 3 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 60 
ANNEX 4 SPECIAL PURPOSE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND INTERIM FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS ......................................................................................................... 61

--- Page 4 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
4
Description of the Base Prospectus 
 
Under this Base Prospectus (as supplemented and amended from time to time), the Issuer may occasionally 
issue and list bonds (“Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant dealer.  
The Bonds will be issued on a senior basis as secured or unsecured, with fixed or floating interest rate. The 
Bonds may have put- and call options and they may be green or sustainability-linked. 
The Bonds will be electronically registered in the Norwegian Central Securities Depository or any other CSD that 
allows for bonds issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. 
There is no limit with regard to the maximum aggregate nominal amount of all bonds from time to time 
outstanding under the prospectus. However, each issue of bonds will have either a given borrowing amount in the 
case where there is only one tranche, or a given borrowing limit in the case of more than one tranche.     
The Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to any dealer that the Issuer decides upon.  
The Base Prospectus is valid within twelve months from the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
Information on website(s) mentioned in the Base Prospectus/the Final Terms does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus/the Final Terms unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus/the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 5 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
5
1 Risk factors   
 
Investing in bonds issued by Benchmark Holdings plc involves inherent risks.   
 
The risks and uncertainties described in the Prospectus are risks of which the Company is aware and that the 
Company considers to be material to its business. If any of these risks were to occur, the Comany’s business, 
financial position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, and the Company could 
be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the bonds.  Prospective investors 
should note that the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any 
Bonds may occur for reasons which may not be considered significant by the Issuer based on the information 
currently available to them, or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
 
Prospective investors should carefully consider, among other things, the detailed information set out elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms (including any information deemed to be incorporated by reference 
therein) and the risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus, before making an investment decision. The risk factors 
set out in the Base Prospectus cover the Company and the bonds issued by the Company. 
 
An investment in the bonds is suitable only for investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type 
of investment and who can afford a loss of all or part of their investment. Prospective investors should also consult 
their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with an investment in any bonds and the suitability of 
investing in such bonds in light of their particular circumstances. 
 
The risk factors included in this Base Prospectus are organized in the following categories: 
 
1.1 Risk factors relating to the Group’s business 
1.2 Risk factors related to the industry and market in which the Group operates 
1.3 Risks relating to laws, regulations and compliance 
1.4 Risks related to financial matters 
1.5 Risk factors related to the bonds  
  
1.1 Risk factors relating to the Group’s business 
 
1.1.1 
The loss of any key customers could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business 
In the 12 months ended 30 September 2022, the top five customers by order value accounted for approximately 22 
per cent of the Group's revenue. Any significant deterioration in the Group's relationships with its key customers, 
which include distributors, whether as a result of inability to agree terms on renewal of the relevant contract(s), a 
key customer ceasing to require a product, a change of management of a customer, gains made by the Group's 
competitors or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, 
financial position and/or prospects. 
In addition to the above, future mergers or consolidations among the Group's customers could reduce the number 
of existing customers and potential customers, which could adversely affect the Group's revenue even if these 
events do not reduce the activities of the consolidated entities. If the Group's customers merge with, or are acquired 
by, other entities that are not customers of the Group, or entities that use fewer products or services of the Group, 
such customers may discontinue or reduce their use of the Group's products and services which could have a 
material adverse impact on the Group's business, results of operations and financial position. 
1.1.2 
Threats to the supply chain could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business 
The Group is reliant on a small number of key raw materials for important products, including in relation to the active 
ingredients required for its recently launched sea lice treatment product Ectosan® Vet and CleanTreat®. In 
particular, the Group has key long-term contracts for the supply of artemia with the Great Salt Lake Brine Shrimp 
Cooperative Inc. (the “COOP”), certain of which are (i) due for renewal in 2027 for up to two additional terms until 
2042, and (ii) are subject to certain limited performance criteria and termination rights, including in relation to breach 
by the Group of the agreements. If such limited circumstances occur and the COOP terminates some or all of its 
arrangements with the Group, or the Group ceases to be a member of the COOP, the Group's ability to source its 
annual artemia needs and retain its licenses to harvest artemia may be adversely affected.  
The Group also sources artemia from other suppliers based on long standing relationships without term contracts. 
Moreover, there are risks of volatility in the supply of artemia related to climate and environmental factors as it is a 
naturally occurring product. Examples of other important third party reliances in the Group's supply chain include 
vessels to carry the CleanTreat® system, and manufacturers of the finished products for Ectosan® Vet and 
Salmosan® Vet. In addition, the Group has R&D and production sites which are important to its current revenues

--- Page 6 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
6
and future success, and the Group is dependent on obtaining key raw materials and efficient utilisation of key 
facilities. 
Accordingly, the Group's business could be adversely affected by non-deliveries within the Group's supply chain, 
or if raw materials, products or services are delivered with low quality or defects by suppliers. If such circumstances 
were to materialise, the Group could face risk of, inter alia, halt of operations, loss of revenue, customer claims and 
lawsuits, which in turn could have a material adverse impact on the Group's business, results of operations and 
financial position. 
1.1.3 
The Group is exposed to risks related to concentration of revenue streams 
The Group is exposed to risks in relation to a concentration of revenue streams (at present, the Group generates 
the majority of its revenue contribution from the sale of live feed and diet products and salmon eggs) and in the 
event that any such revenue stream is adversely affected that could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
results of operations and financial position. There are numerous factors that can affect the revenue streams of the 
Group's existing products, which include maintaining existing licenses, accreditations and regulatory approvals. 
Moreover, if the Group is not able to gain additional permitted uses as part of the marketing authorisation for 
pharmaceutical products on its existing labels for certain of the Group's health products, it could result in reduced 
potential revenue from such products. 
1.1.4 
The Group is exposed to risks related to new product development and commercialisation 
The Group is exposed to risks in relation to development of new products, and pipeline products that may be delayed 
or fail technically before launch and commercialisation of such new products. Failure and/or delays to launch and/or 
commercialise new products could have a material adverse effect on the Group's ability to remain competitive, and 
on its business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. In particular, the Ectosan® Vet and 
CleanTreat® sea lice solution is (i) in the early phases of commercialisation and building of a customer base and 
business model, and (ii) has not yet been approved for use in jurisdictions other than Norway and Faroe Islands, 
and there is a risk that regulatory approval may be limited, delayed or not granted. 
1.1.5 
The loss of a key IT system could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business 
The Group's IT systems facilitate daily work, collaboration and hold Group IP and trade secrets and is subject to 
several risks in terms of systems failure or cyber-attacks. The Group is exposed to external threats associated with 
data security. There is a risk of virus attacks, attempts at hacking, social manipulation and phishing scams. Further, 
the Company electronically maintains sensitive data, including proprietary business information, critical intellectual 
property and that of its customers, and some personally identifiable information of customers and employees, on 
the Group's networks. Loss of access to the IT system, data leaks of critical intellectual property or key information 
within the IT system would be disruptive to the Group and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business and results of operations. 
1.1.6 
Loss of key manufacturing facilities may materially impact the Group's operations, financial position 
and/or prospects 
The Group's sales are dependent, inter alia, on its global production facilities and warehouses. The Group has 
manufacturing facilities around the world including in Thailand, Norway, Iceland and the U.S. The Group has an 
active insurance policy, covering property and business interruptions, and risks to property damage (including 
machinery breakdown) where considered appropriate. Based on the Company's assessment, such insurance 
coverage is adequate and consistent with that of other companies operating in the same industry and appropriate 
for the operations of the Group. The Group could incur losses that exceed the scope of the insurance coverage. 
There is also a risk that the insurance coverage available to the Group may be insufficient to cover some or all 
losses associated loss of income or other costs. As a result, the Group retains the risk of having to pay directly for 
any losses which may arise in excess of its insurance limits. Further, there can be no assurance that the Group will 
be able to maintain its insurance at reasonable costs or sufficient amounts in order to protect its business from 
every risk of disruption. Disruption in any of its facilities including as a result of fire, contamination, political events, 
or other natural disasters or operational disruptions could have a material adverse effect on the Group's sales, 
financial results and prospects. 
1.1.7 
The Group is exposed to risk relating to biosecurity and disease 
Diseases, viruses, biological contamination, and regulators' or market fears about the same, may impact the 
performance of the Group. The Group itself, its suppliers and its customers are exposed to the impact of diseases, 
viruses and biological contamination, which may result in the destruction of stock, suspension of exports/imports, 
delays or decreases in sales, and increased costs associated with compliance, testing, compensation, remedial 
action or restocking. Where products are transferred cross-border, regulators may suspend exports/imports to 
control disease or as a precautionary measure.

--- Page 7 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
7
1.1.8 
The Group's contracting structure with certain customers and suppliers could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group 
The Group’s contracts with certain key customers and suppliers are on an unwritten (not formalised) basis, and 
although in some instances these are long-term relationships, these customers and suppliers could seek to end 
their relationship with the Group or vary the terms of the relationship in a way that is disadvantageous to the Group 
at any time. Such a change could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and 
financial position.  
Lack of formalised agreements entails a risk of uncertainty with respect to the agreed and applicable terms and 
conditions, lack of predictability regarding future revenue from customers, and visibility regarding future supplier 
capacity. Lack of formalized contractual obligations on customers and/or suppliers with respect to applicable legal 
and regulatory requirements can also lead to a higher compliance risk for the Group. 
1.1.9 
The Group is exposed to risk relating to product liability and warranty claims 
In common with many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sector, the Group is exposed to the risk 
of product liability and warranty claims, should its or relevant third-party products not fulfil the terms of the contracts 
under which they are sold or otherwise cause loss or damage. For example, in relation to the Group’s medicinal 
products, product and labelling evolves over time following routine analysis of the continually growing body of post-
marketing safety data and regulatory authorities can change their requirements, increase or amend restrictions or 
even suspend or withdraw a product marketing authorization; following such an event, the Group could face a 
product liability claim. Although the Group seeks to limit its liability through contractual measures where it deems 
appropriate, claims for damage or loss by customers in respect of product liability may be upheld regardless of 
limitations on liability contained in contractual arrangements depending on the law applicable in the jurisdiction 
where the product is sold. Although the Group has obtained insurance coverage with respect to product liability, it 
is possible that such insurance may not adequately cover losses. A product liability claim or defective product could 
have significant consequences for the Group and have a material adverse impact on the Group's reputation, 
business, results of operations and financial position. 
1.1.10 
Failure to realise synergies in the Group could have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial 
performance 
In light of the Group’s growth through acquisition of its various divisions and product offerings, integration and 
realisation of cross-divisional synergies within the Group is important to the future growth of the business. Some of 
the Group's largest areas of opportunity, including shrimp genetics, rely on leveraging market presence, skills and 
expertise across its business areas such as its Genetics and Nutrition units. There can be no guarantee that any 
synergy benefits will be realised and there is a risk that the Group’s business areas cannot be integrated sufficiently 
well to to leverage their respective experience and skills across business areas realise their potential synergy 
benefits, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial prospects. 
1.1.11 
Development of resistance to some animal health products 
Some pharmaceutical products have a product life that can be affected by the early onset of resistance to the 
product in the target organism, and whilst a significant proportion of the Group's product portfolio and pipeline 
comprises vaccines and biocides to which resistance is not a significant factor in product life, this can be a problem 
in some ectoparasiticides which are also a part of the Group's portfolio. The development of resistance to 
parasiticides can be affected by the particular active chemical in the product and/or by the way it is used in 
treatments, either singly or in rotation with other treatments. Whilst the Group has an active programme of technical 
servicing in each of its markets to help its customers adopt treatment practices which reduce and manage the risk 
of resistance, and whilst the exact use of these products in the future and therefore the potential for early onset of 
resistance cannot be fully predicted, the Group's business, results of operations and financial position could be 
materially adversely affected by the onset of early resistance to some of its products or products in development at 
some point in the future. 
1.1.12 
Dependence of key personnel and risks relating to employment contracts with key employees 
Attracting, training, retaining and motivating technical and managerial personnel, is an important component of the 
future success of the Group's business. The departure of any of the Group's executive officers or other key 
employees could have a negative impact on its operations. In the event that future departures of employees occur, 
the Group's ability to execute its business strategy successfully, or to continue to provide services to its customers 
and users or attract new customers and users, could be adversely affected. 
Certain of the Group's employment agreements with key employees lack non-compete clauses, non-solicitation 
clauses and/or have insufficient intellectual property rights clauses. Should such a key employee leave the Group, 
there is a risk that the relevant employee may take employment with a competitor with knowledge from the Group 
and thereby strengthen the competitor's competitive position towards the Group, and there is also a risk that

--- Page 8 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
8
disputes may arise with respect to usage and ownership of intellectual property rights, both of which can have a 
material adverse effect on the Company's financial position and operations. 
 
 
1.2 Risk factors related to the industry and market in which the 
Group operates 
 
1.2.1 
Competition could have a material adverse effect on the Group's operations 
The Group operates in a competitive market in which large well-established competitors and smaller unconsolidated 
competitors operate. Such large competitors have significant resources and capital which may be in excess of those 
of the Group, which may result in the Group falling behind competitors with the development and commercialisation 
of new, innovative products. Additionally, the Group's competitors may offer more competitive pricing. The sales 
tactics and activities of such competitors and their pricing policies or the successful introduction of new competing 
products or brands could cause a reduction in the Group's sales and margins, results of operations, financial 
condition and/or prospects. 
The Group may also face competition from companies producing generic alternatives to the Group's products. 
Generic competitors can be more aggressive in terms of pricing. If customers increase their use of new or existing 
lower priced generic products, the Group's results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. 
1.2.2 
The Group's operations may be restricted by applicable economic sanctions 
The Group's operations may be affected by applicable rules and regulations relating to economic sanctions in 
various countries, including, but not limited to, trade sanctions imposed by the U.S., the EU, the UK and Norway, 
prohibiting certain transactions, potentially including financial transactions and the transfer of products, to 
sanctioned governments, entities and persons. Specifically, the war in Ukraine and the resulting significant 
expansion in the sanctions imposed by, inter alia, the EU, the U.S., the UK and Norway against Russia and certain 
Russian entities and individuals, as well as Belarus, have had, and may continue to have, adverse impacts on the 
global economy, the global capital markets, international trade, supply chains, energy prices and supplies and the 
price and availability of raw materials, any of which could negatively impact the Group's operations in general, and 
specifically its ability to source CIS Artemia from certain suppliers. In July 2022 following a thorough review of 
potential applicable sanctions and available exemptions supported by external expert advice, the Group resumed 
its contract with a Russian supplier of CIS Artemia which had been suspended since February 2022 pending said 
review. The Group will continue to carry out thorough reviews ahead of any future orders being placed. Despite 
these assessments and steps, these activities could cause the Group reputational damage and have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial conditions, and future prospects. Further, with the Group's global 
operations, sanction restrictions could cause a shortage in raw materials, such as CIS Artemia, and the Group may 
have to find alternative sources of supply, which may not be available at all or on the same terms, and which may 
also be delayed because of sanctions assessments and investigation for alternative supply. The Group's 
international operating activities result in an increased risk that its operations are affected by further sanctions or 
new interpretations of existing sanctions, including changes or expansions to sanction regulations in the territories 
in which the Group or its business relations operate, and the unpredictable nature of geopolitical situations in several 
regions of the world including Russia and Ukraine means that such further sanctions, and further regulatory actions 
by sanctioned countries against the imposing countries, may be forthcoming. 
1.2.3 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to fluctuations in sea lice levels in salmon producing regions 
Sales of the Group's sea lice solutions and medicines, such as Salmosan® Vet and Ectosan® Vet and CleanTreat®, 
are affected by the level of sea lice challenge in salmon producing regions. Sea lice levels are influenced by sea 
temperature and other biological factors outside the Group's control. Reduced levels of sea lice could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's income and financial results. Risks relating to volatility of end markets. 
1.2.4 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to volatility of end markets 
Demand for the Group's products is affected by conditions in aquaculture markets around the world. The 
aquaculture industry has historically faced periods of volatility as a result of disease, climate conditions and demand 
supply dynamics, which if repeated, can affect the Group's sales and margins, results, financial condition and 
prospects. For example, fluctuations in shrimp production volumes and pricing, which can be influenced by disease 
outbreaks, climatic conditions and supply dynamics, drive customer demand for the Company’s advanced nutrition 
products. Fluctuations in demand may lead to lower revenues, low utilisation of employees, plant and equipment 
during periods of low production, increased working capital requirements and volatility in operating results. 
1.2.5 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to the supply of artemia, one of the Group's key products subject 
to volatility

--- Page 9 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
9
Artemia global supply is limited. Harvest success depends on a number of factors including climatological 
conditions. Therefore, the supply and/or quality of artemia available in any one year is subject to fluctuations and 
may be adversely impacted by environmental factors. Historically, the Great Salt Lakes which represent the main 
source for the Company, have experienced certain years of reduced artemia supply, caused by adverse weather 
conditions during the months prior to the harvest. Low artemia harvest volumes could adversely affect the Group's 
sales to existing customers, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations 
and financial position. 
1.2.6 
The Group is exposed to risks related to operations including sales in multiple jurisdictions 
The Group has large-scale production facilities in four countries and a network of research and development and 
commercial operations in an additional 20 countries. In addition, the Group provides products to customers in more 
than 70 jurisdictions. Operations in multiple jurisdictions are subject to risks inherent in international business 
activities, including, in particular, general economic conditions in each such market, unexpected changes in 
regulatory requirements, including tax burden on the Group's customers, compliance with a variety of foreign laws 
and regulations and the general risk associated with non-compliance with appropriate standards of governance 
which in each case could lead to potential fines, penalties, loss of revenues and damage to reputation. The Group's 
operations includes sites in Brazil, Chile, China, Indonesia, Mexico, Thailand and Turkey and business relationships 
with entities or persons in countries subject to sanctions and/or with citizens or residents subject to sanctions, and 
is thus subject to risks associated with operations conducted in emerging markets and high-risk jurisdictions, 
including general compliance risk. Inadequate sanctions screenings, including in relation to due diligence, 
monitoring and internal controls, may lead to increased risk of violation. Political and diplomatic developments may 
cause uncertainties relating to unstable state administrations, e.g. as seen in the military coup in Thailand in 2014, 
which in turn could have a material adverse impact on the Group's business, results of operations and financial 
position. 
The Group operates within Europe with the Management located in the United Kingdom, which currently faces 
political and economic uncertainty as a continuing result of, among other things, the United Kingdom's exit from the 
European Union (“Brexit”). The Group's Health business area supply chain where R&D and manufacturing 
operations are based in the United Kingdom and products are largely sold outside the United Kingdom, has been 
affected by Brexit. Because of Brexit, the Group may be subject to additional tariffs on UK cross-border supply of 
products and ongoing changes to the regulatory framework, and there is a requirement for manufacturing import 
authorities to be obtained for certain health products to be imported by the Group into the Group's target 
jurisdictions. 
In the financial year ended 30 September 2022, approximately 32% of the Group's revenue derived from customers 
based in Norway. In September 2022, the Norwegian government proposed the implementation of a new, additional 
40% resource rent tax on salmon aquaculture and trout farmers, to enter into force in January 2023. The suggested 
resource rent tax, if implemented, may reduce the profit and/or growth in production volumes of salmon and trout 
of the Group's customers in Norway in the short and/or medium to long term, which may in turn negatively affect 
the Group's sales volume and demand for the Group's products in Norway. 
1.2.7 
The Group is exposed to risk related to Covid-19 
The Covid-19 pandemic has presented challenges to the Group's operations, including regional lockdowns, 
significant supply chain disruptions and increase in costs of logistics. For the Group, Advance Nutrition was the 
business area that was most impacted by the pandemic because of its exposure to the global shrimp markets (which 
was significantly affected by the pandemic due to its reliance on the hospitality sector). The pandemic also entailed 
a slower ramp up of the commercialisation of the Group's new sea lice treatment in the Health business area. 
Although the Group has observed a recovery in the shrimp market and experienced better performance in the 
Advance Nutrition business during the last year, there are still significant uncertainties relating to the Covid-19 
pandemic and whether new pandemic-related restrictions will be imposed in the markets and jurisdictions in which 
the Group operates. Any future epidemics or pandemics, and related restrictions, negative market impacts and 
consequences are outside the Group's control and there are no assurances that any such events will not seriously 
interrupt the Group's business, and, thus, adversely affect the financial condition and results, going forward. 
 
 
 
1.3 Risks relating to laws, regulations and compliance 
1.3.1 
Environmental, health and safety and chemical laws, regulations and standards 
The Group is, and the Group will be, subject to a broad range of laws, regulations and standards, particularly as a 
result of its involvement in production environments in its Health, Advanced Nutrition and Genetics business areas, 
including those relating to medicinal products, pollution, health and safety of employees, protection of the public,

--- Page 10 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
10
protection of the environment and the storage, handling and use of hazardous substances and chemicals and waste 
management. These regulations and standards, and their application and enforcement, are becoming increasingly 
stringent and complex. For example, the Group's product Ectosan® Vet contains active ingredients that is subject 
to disposal restrictions on the label of the medicine and the Group may, in its operations, cause spillages in breach 
of such laws. Violations of such laws, regulations and standards and/or related claims, could result in restrictions 
on the operations of the Group's sites, placing in the market of the Group's products and/or the level of product 
sales, as well as damages, fines or other sanctions and increased costs of compliance with potential reputational 
damage. 
1.3.2 
Regulations, political risks and market and/or regulatory trends in relation to the Group's business and 
new products 
The Group operates in a highly regulated industry with respect to both its established and developing products and 
in particular with respect to its medicinal and animal health product offerings. For example, in relation to 
CleanTreat® and Ectosan® Vet in Norway, the import, sale and use of these products are subject to the following 
regulations and laws, amongst others: the Aquaculture Act, the Medicine Act, the Pollution Control Act, the Animal 
Welfare Act, the Animal Health Personnel Act and the Food Safety Act in Norway. The Group's business is subject 
to substantial regulation which may affect the Group's ability to derive long-term revenues from some of its products 
or products in development. The Group is not able to market, import, manufacture or offer certain new products 
until all the necessary regulatory approvals have been obtained in each jurisdiction where it is intending to market, 
import, manufacture or offer each relevant product. For example, the Group's products CleanTreat® and Ectosan® 
Vet are only authorised to be sold in Norway and the Faroe Islands, and any launch outside Norway or Faroe 
Islands is dependent on local regulatory approvals. Even after a product has reached market it can still be subject 
to various kinds of re-review and could lose its approval. 
The multiple jurisdictions in which the Group operates in have differing political and regulatory risks relating to 
medicinal and animal health products. For instance, certain of the Group's medicinal products (including their active 
ingredients) are subject to a somewhat unpredictable regulatory situation, particularly in light of the recent years' 
increased focus on environmental aspects in the fish farming industry. 
In addition, it is not always possible to predict the future changes to laws and regulations as they may relate to the 
Group's products and services and any changes could have a material effect on the Group's results of operations. 
Moreover, market and regulatory developments and trends for animal welfare and tackling sea lice may significantly 
influence customer demand for the Group's sea lice related products. 
1.3.3 
The Group is reliant on permits to conduct certain parts of its business 
For the Group to carry out its business as intended, it will – in addition to maintaining its existing regulatory permits 
– need to obtain new permits, depending on evolving regulatory requirements and the nature of its new product and 
service offerings. In addition, certain existing key permits are time-limited, and there is a risk that these may not be 
renewed upon their expiry. A failure to maintain existing permits or obtain new required permits could have an effect 
on the Group's ability to provide its existing and/or intended products and services. 
1.3.4 
The Group is dependent on successfully securing licensing arrangements in respect of certain pipeline 
products 
The Group develops and/or plans to develop some of its pipeline products in collaboration with research institutes 
or other third parties in the relevant sector. Many of its products are (or are expected to be) developed under a 
collaboration agreement, the terms of which envisage the Group and the relevant research institute or other third 
parties agreeing licensing arrangements and ownership of intellectual property once a product achieves proof of 
concept or nears commercialisation. These collaboration agreements typically do not, at the outset, regulate the 
parties' economic rights resulting from the collaboration or include a license to commercialise the results. There can 
be no certainty that the Group will be able to secure a licensing arrangement in respect of its pipeline products with 
the relevant research institute or other third parties, nor that any such arrangement will be on terms which allow the 
Group successfully to commercialise the product and generate revenues and profits at the levels which are 
anticipated. In addition, the Group has not yet entered into collaboration agreements with certain of the research 
institutes or other third parties with which it conducts research and development. 
 
1.3.5 
The Group may not be successful in its growth strategy 
The Group's growth strategy includes organic growth and development in existing and new areas and growth 
through complementary partnerships and add-on acquisitions. The focus and goal of the Group is to become the 
leading aquaculture biotechnology company driving sustainability and deliver any profitable growth for its 
shareholders. However, there are no assurances that the Group will be successful in executing its strategic plans, 
which depends on numerous factors, including, without limitation, market conditions within the business areas that

--- Page 11 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
11
the Group operates, achieving cross Group synergies, successful introduction of new products and regulatory 
trends. If the Group fails to achieve targets and expectations stipulated by its growth strategy, or if implementation 
of the Group's growth strategy is delayed for any reason, it could lead to loss or reduction of anticipated future 
revenue streams and have an adverse effect on the Group's ability to secure future equity funding. The Group also 
face significant reputational risk if it does not deliver on communicated growth targets and expectations. Should any 
of these risks materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and 
financial position. 
1.3.6 
The Group's revenues derive from products with varying levels of intellectual property protection 
Although the Group considers its intellectual property portfolio and strategy to be robust and providing some 
competitive advantage, it does not provide the Group with market exclusivity. Benchmark's products are largely 
protected as trade secrets, with strong brands supported by a large and market-relevant trademark portfolio and 
certain key existing and emerging products and processes (including but not limited to Ectosan® Vet and land-
based salmon egg production) protected through a strategic patent portfolio that aligns with the Group's commercial 
priorities, including 15 patent families and 56 pending and 130 granted patents worldwide. Although the Group 
intends to bring new patented products to market in the future, there can be no guarantee that patents will be 
granted. Even if patents are granted, they may face competition from generic products over time. Patents and other 
forms of product protection may not provide sufficient protection for the Group's products. The use of generic 
products and/or the breach by competitors of the Group’s product protections may have a negative impact on the 
Group’s revenues and profits, and legal redress for any breaches would likely be time and cost intensive with 
uncertain outcomes. 
1.3.7 
Infringement of intellectual property rights; limited ability to protect IP 
Certain of the Group's products depend, and certain of its pipeline products will depend, on patents (whether owned 
by the Group or licensed from others), intellectual property in the form of knowledge or expertise, trademarks and 
other forms of protection. Protection for these products extend for varying periods of time in accordance with the 
filing or grant of, and the legal life of, patents in countries in which patents are granted. The protection afforded, 
which can vary from one country to another, is limited by the terms and the scope of the relevant patents or licensed 
in patent, trademark or licensed-in trademark and the availability of legal remedies in the relevant country. Investors 
cannot be assured that any efforts the Group makes to develop or protect its intellectual property rights will be 
successful. In addition, policing against unauthorised uses is difficult and the Group may not be able to identify all 
unauthorised uses, the Group may fail to take appropriate steps to enforce its proprietary rights, or it may find that 
such rights are unenforceable. 
Please refer to risk factor 0 “1.1.12 Dependence of key personnel and risks relating to employment contracts with 
key employees” with respect to employment agreements and missing regulation of intellectual property rights. 
1.3.8 
Infringement of others' intellectual property rights 
The Group’s commercial success in part depends on avoiding infringement, misappropriation and other violations 
of the patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties. The Group’s product and service offering exists 
in a dynamic field where third party competitors may obtain patents or have pending patent applications which may 
relate to aspects of the Group’s actions. As the biotechnology industries expand and more patents are issued, the 
risk increases that our product and service offerings may give rise to claims of infringement of the intellectual 
property rights of others. Inadvertent actions may expose the Group to the risk of infringing third party intellectual 
property rights. Potential claims can be submitted many years after a product has been deployed. The Group is 
therefore exposed to the risk that it has been, or will in future be, subject to claims relating to infringement of third 
party intellectual property rights, notwithstanding the measures put in place to mitigate this exposure. In the absence 
of agreement, unforeseen royalty claims could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of 
operations and financial position. 
1.3.9 
The Group is subject to risks from legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Group is, and may in the future become, involved in disputes as well as legal and arbitration proceedings, with 
public authorities or private entities, which involve claims for damages or other sanctions, for instance arising out 
of commercial disagreements, contractual disputes, intellectual property enforcement or infringement, acquisitions 
or other material contracts entered into by it or any member of the Group. As the Group operates in several 
jurisdictions, at any given time, the Group could also get involved in litigation and other legal and regulatory 
proceedings, including with tax authorities, arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. Such 
proceedings may include claims related to labour, employment, securities, tax, health, safety, security, 
environmental and quality, or other matters and may result in significant damages and/or fines.. 
In the event of a negative outcome of any material proceedings, whether based on a judgment or a settlement 
agreement, the Group could also be forced to make substantial payments or accept other sanctions, which could 
adversely affect its business, reputation, prospects, results of operations and financial position. In addition, the 
costs related to litigation and arbitration proceedings may be significant.

--- Page 12 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
12
1.3.10 
The Group's business is exposed to certain risks to the environment, which may adversely affect the 
Group's business activities and reputation 
The nature of certain of the Group's operating activities exposes the Group to certain significant risks to the 
environment, such as incidents associated with releases of chemicals or hazardous substances when conducting 
operations, which could result in liability, fines, risk to the Group's product permissions and reputational damage. 
There is a risk that natural disasters could lead to damage to infrastructure, loss of resources, products or 
containment of hazardous substances. 
The Group's business activities could be materially disrupted for a significant period of time if the Group is not able 
to respond, or is perceived not to respond, in an appropriate manner to any environmental incident or crisis. Any 
delay in restoring or replacing critical operational capacity following such incidents could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's production capabilities and income streams. Moreover, any damage to the Group's reputation 
caused by environmental incidents could adversely affect the Group's sales to existing customers and ability to 
attract new customers, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations 
and financial position. 
1.3.11 
Risks related to climate change and environmental, social and governance factors 
Climate change and the evolving regulatory environment may expose the Group to regulatory breaches, 
significant disruption, reputational risk or a reduction in supply of biological raw materials and demand for 
products or services. The Company's stakeholders are increasingly requiring reassurance that the Group is 
overseeing and responding to ethical and environmental issues across the Group's business. If the Group suffer a 
downgrade of its environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) ratings, some investors may decide to stop 
investing as a result of any ESG rating downgrade. If the Group fails to accurately interpret and apply new 
regulatory standards or fails to conduct its operations in accordance with its ESG-guidelines, it may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations, financial position and/or prospects. 
 
 
1.4 Risk factors related to financial matters 
1.4.1 
Currency exchange rate risk 
The Group as a whole is exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. These impact sales volumes where 
products are priced by reference to U.S. Dollars but sold in local currencies. Foreign exchange risk arises when 
individual Group entities enter into transactions denominated in a currency other than their functional currency 
(principally Sterling, Norwegian Krone, Icelandic Krona, Euro, U.S. Dollars and Danish Krone). Movements in 
foreign currency exchange rates impacts, inter alia, revenues and margins where products are priced and paid in 
local currencies and reported results when local results, assets and liabilities are converted to GBP for reporting 
purposes. There is a risk that currency fluctuations will have an adverse effect on the Group's business, results of 
operations and financial position. 
1.4.2 
The Company may amend or replace its current hedging arrangement 
The Group has hedged its exposure to cross-currency fluctuations and interest rates in relation to the amount 
borrowed under its NOK floating rate bond issue 2022/2025 of NOK 750 million (“Bond”) to offset its risk in relation 
to the amount borrowed pursuant to such borrowing, particularly with respect to NOK/USD and NOK/GBP 
fluctuations. The Company may seek to amend or replace its current hedging arrangements with new hedging 
arrangements, however, there can be no assurance that such amendment or replacement will take place on 
commercially reasonable terms. Failure to replace its hedging arrangements or inability to do so on commercially 
reasonable terms could materially adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations, value of assets, 
reserves, cash flows, financial condition, access to capital and/or prospects and could cause the Company to fail 
to meet its obligations under the Bond terms. 
1.4.3 
Risk relating to current geopolitical instability 
The current geopolitical instability arising out of the situation with Russia and Ukraine could result in disruption that 
might affect the Group, including but not limited to inflation, higher interest rates, negative interest rates, declining 
access to credit, changes in government regulatory, fiscal or tax policies, including changes in applicable tax rates 
and the modification of existing or adoption of new tax legislation with or without retrospective effect, sanctions 
regimes, removal of subsidies, reduced public spending, unexpected alterations to policies designed to address 
climate change or credit crises affecting disposable incomes, increases in fuel prices, supply chain difficulties, 
weakness in energy markets or a loss of consumer confidence. Such effects can be expected to include a broad 
range of jurisdictions and markets which are not necessarily directly involved in the Ukraine conflict or associated 
sanctions. The Group has a contract with a Russian supplier of CIS Artemia and there is a risk that future sanctions 
issued by the UK, EU or the U.S. may lead to the termination of such contracts, with could adversely affect the 
Group’s business and profitability. Further, as governments take steps to address inflationary pressures, there may

--- Page 13 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
13
be significant changes in the availability of credit, interest rates, limitations on loans, restrictions on currency 
conversions and foreign investment. If prices for the Group’s products and/or services rise at a rate that is insufficient 
to compensate for the rise in the costs of supplies, it may have an adverse effect on the Group’s profitability. 
 
1.4.4 
Risk relating to maintaining liquidity and managing leverage 
Liquidity risk arises from the Group's management of working capital and the finance charges and principal 
repayments on its debt instruments, and is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting its financial 
obligations as they fall due. The Group has arrangements in place with key suppliers requiring minimum purchase 
orders and this can affect working capital availability to the Group. 
Any top line growth through new products and markets can drive changing patterns of working capital for the Group. 
Growth in some markets may also entail increased risk of slow paying customers or bad debts. If the Group is not 
successful in timely identifying or managing increased working capital needs and other measures required by new 
payment patterns, this may have a material adverse impact on the Group's financial condition. 
The Group's policy is to ensure that it will always have sufficient cash to allow it to meet its liabilities when they 
become due. To achieve this aim, the Group seeks to maintain cash balances (or agreed facilities) sufficient to 
meet expected requirements detailed in rolling three-month cash flow forecasts, and in longer term cash flow 
forecasts. Failure to comply with covenants contained in debt facilities or arrangements could in some cases trigger 
a right to require repayment of some of the Group's debt, and may restrict the Group's ability to draw upon its 
facilities or access the capital markets. Additionally, financial markets can be subject to periods of volatility and 
shortages of liquidity. If the Group were unable to access the capital markets or other sources of finance for a 
prolonged period, the Group's cost of financing may increase and there is no guarantee that alternative financing 
would be achieved on satisfactory terms, which may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results 
of operations, financial position and/or prospects. 
1.4.5 
Restrictive covenants may lead to inability to finance operations, capital needs and to pursue business 
opportunities 
The terms and financial covenants under the Group's financial arrangements, may restrict the Group's ability to 
distribute dividends, incur additional indebtedness and make certain disposals. The Group is also subject to certain 
specific covenant testing. Even though these restrictions are subject to certain carve-outs and limitations, some of 
the covenants could affect the Group's business and financial planning, or limit the Group's ability to finance future 
operations and capital needs. The Group's ability to pursue new activities in accordance with the Group's strategy 
or explore potential growth opportunities that otherwise may be in the Group's interest may also be subject to 
restrictions. Should the Group be prevented from making beneficial business decisions because of the terms of its 
financing agreements, this could have a material adverse effect on, inter alia, the Group's operational activities, its 
financial position and future operational and financial prospects and targets.  
1.4.6 
Change of control clauses in the Group's financing arrangements 
The Bond and the RCF entered into by Benchmark Holdings plc on 23 September 2022 and 21 November 2022, 
respectively, include change of control clauses that will, inter alia, be triggered if Benchmark Holdings plc (or the 
parent if applicable) is delisted from AIM, Euronext Growth or another specified exchange or if a person gains a 
decisive influence (as such term as defined therein). The term loan facility entered into by Benchmark Genetics 
Salten AS (“BGS”) includes a change of control clause which will be triggered if Benchmark Holdings plc ceases to 
own more than 50.1%, indirectly or directly, of the shares of BGS with corresponding voting rights. Benchmark 
Holdings plc currently indirectly owns 74.97% of the shares in BGS. 
If a change of control event should occur under any of the said financing arrangements, the Group could be required 
to repay the relevant loan. No assurance can be made the Company will be able to make such payment or be able 
to refinance the debt in time, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, and 
in worst case result in insolvency proceedings. 
 
 
1.5 Risks related to the bonds 
 
1.5.1 Risks related to the underlying Issuer 
 
1. 
Risks of being unable to repay the Bonds

--- Page 14 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
14
During the lifetime of the Bonds, the Company will be required to make payments on the Bonds. The 
Company's ability to generate cash flow from operation and to make scheduled payments on and to repay 
the Bonds, will depend on the future financial performance of the Company and the Group. In addition, the 
Company’s ability to pay amounts due on the Bonds may depend on the financial performance of its 
subsidiaries and upon the level of distributions, interest payments and loan repayments, if any, received 
from its operating subsidiaries, any amounts received on disposals of assets and equity holdings and the 
level of cash balances. Certain of the Group’s operating subsidiaries may be subject to restrictions on their 
ability to make distributions and loans including as a result of restrictive covenants in loan agreements, 
foreign exchange and other regulatory restrictions and agreements with other shareholders of such 
subsidiaries (if applicable) or associated undertakings. 
 
If the Company is unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or through distributions from its 
subsidiaries in the future to service its debt, it will be forced to adopt an alternative strategy that may 
include actions such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or 
refinancing indebtedness or seeking equity capital. The Company cannot assure investors that any of 
these alternative strategies could be effected on satisfactory terms, if at all, or that they would yield 
sufficient funds to make required payments on or to repay the Bonds. Inability to effect such strategies 
may have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations, financial position 
and/or prospects. 
 
 
2. 
Company may have insufficient funds to make required redemptions or repurchases of Bonds  
The terms of the Bond Issue provide for certain redemption and repurchase mechanics in respect of the 
Bonds which entail redemption or repurchase with a premium, either voluntarily or mandatorily. The latter 
will be the case inter alia upon the occurrence of a change of control event (as described in the Term 
Sheet), whereby each individual Bondholder has a right to require that the Company purchases all or some 
of the Bonds at 101% of par value (plus accrued interest). 
 
Further, the terms of the Bond Issue will provide that the Company (i) may redeem all or parts of the Bonds 
at various call prices during the lifetime of the Bonds and (ii) shall redeem all the Bonds upon certain 
conditions. This is likely to limit the market value of the Bonds. During any period when the Company may 
redeem the Bonds, the market value of the Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at 
which they can be redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
There can be no assurance that the Company will have sufficient funds at the time of such event to make 
the required redemption and/or repurchase of the Bonds, should a mandatory redemption or repurchase 
occur. 
 
 
3. 
Value of collateral may be insufficient to cover outstanding Bonds  
Although the Bonds are secured obligations of the Company, there can be no assurance that the value of 
the assets securing the Bonds and the Company's other assets will be sufficient to cover all of the 
outstanding Bonds together with accrued interest and expenses together with the claims of the other 
secured creditors in the event of a default and/or if the Company becomes insolvent or goes into liquidation 
and/or with respect to the amount that could be received upon a sale of any assets subject to security.  
 
 
1.5.2 Risks related to the nature of the Bonds 
 
1. 
Risks relating to super senior creditors 
Under the terms of the Bond Issue the Company is permitted to incur liabilities which may be significant, 
may not limited in amount and that will rank senior in priority to the Bonds, including revolving credit 
facilities and certain derivative exposures. The intercreditor agreement will contain certain provisions 
regulating instruction rights over the security agent, including instructions as to enforcement. Upon certain 
conditions being met, such instruction right may be held entirely by a defined majority of such senior 
creditors (whose claims will rank senior to the Bonds with respect to enforcement proceeds). Such senior 
creditors may have conflicting interests with the bondholders in a default and enforcement scenario, 
including an incentive to take enforcement steps which may be detrimental to the value of the Bonds. In 
general and in these situations in particular, there can be no assurance that any enforcement proceeds 
will be sufficient to cover the prior ranking creditors or the claims under and in relation to the Bonds. 
 
2. 
The Bonds are structurally subordinated to liabilities of Company's subsidiaries 
The Bonds are subject to credit risk relating to the Group's ability to meet its payment obligations, which 
in turn is largely dependent upon the performance of the Group's operations and its financial position. 
Generally, creditors under indebtedness and trade creditors of the Company's subsidiaries will be entitled 
to payments of their claims from the assets of such subsidiaries before these assets are made available 
for distribution to the Company, as a direct or indirect shareholder. Accordingly, in an enforcement 
scenario, creditors of the Company's subsidiaries will generally be entitled to payment in full from the sale

--- Page 15 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
15
or other disposal of the assets of such subsidiaries before the Company, as a direct or indirect shareholder, 
will be entitled to receive any distributions.  
 
 
1.5.3 Risk related to the market in general 
 
All investments in interest bearing securities have risk associated with such investment. The risk is related to the 
general volatility in the market for such securities, varying liquidity in a single bond issue as well as company 
specific risk factors. There are five main risk factors that sum up the investors' total risk exposure when investing 
in interest bearing securities: liquidity risk, interest rate risk, settlement risk, credit risk and market risk (both in 
general and issuer specific). 
 
Liquidity risk is the risk that a party interested in trading bonds cannot do it because nobody in the market wants 
to trade the bonds. .  The Borrower has no control over the bond market and is subject to both external factors 
that may impact the willingness of market participants to trade and participants’ view of the issuer and their 
resulting willingness to trade in the bonds.  Missing demand for the bonds may result in a loss for the bondholder 
 
Interest rate risk is the risk that results from the variability of the NIBOR interest rate or any other rate that may 
be agreed. The coupon payments, which depend on the applicable interest rate and the Margin, will vary in 
accordance with the variability of the applicable interest rate. The interest rate risk related to this bond issue will 
be limited, since the coupon rate will be adjusted quarterly according to the change in the applicable reference 
interest rate (NIBOR 3 months or such other rate as may be agreed) over the tenor. The primary price risk for a 
floating rate bond issue will be related to the market view of the correct trading level for the credit spread related 
to the bond issue at a certain time during the tenor, compared with the credit margin the bond issue is carrying. A 
possible increase in the credit spread trading level relative to the coupon defined credit margin may relate to 
general changes in the market conditions and/or Issuer specific circumstances such as a deterioration of the 
Borrower’s real or perceived financial position. However, under normal market circumstances the anticipated 
tradable credit spread will fall as the duration of the bond issue becomes shorter. In general, the price of bonds 
will fall when the credit spread in the market increases, and conversely the bond price will increase when the 
market spread decreases. 
 
Settlement risk is the risk that the settlement of bonds does not take place as agreed. The settlement risk 
consists of the failure to pay or the failure to deliver the bonds.  
 
Credit risk is the risk that the Borrower fails to make the required payments under the Loan (either principal or 
interest). Such failure to pay could be due to a deterioration in the Borrower’s financial position. 
 
Market risk is the risk that the value of the bonds will decrease due to the change in value of the market risk 
factors. The price of a single bond issue will fluctuate in accordance with the interest rate and credit markets in 
general, the market view of the credit risk of that particular bond issue, and the liquidity of this bond issue in the 
market. In spite of an underlying positive development in the Issuers business activities, the price of a bond may 
fall independent of this fact. Bond issues with a relatively short tenor and a floating rate coupon rate do however 
in general carry a lower price risk compared to bonds with a longer tenor and/or with a fixed coupon rate.  
 
No market-maker agreement is entered into in relation to this bond issue, and the liquidity of bonds will at all times 
depend on the market participants view of the credit quality of the Issuer as well as established and available 
credit lines.

--- Page 16 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
16
2 Definitions 
 
AIM 
Alternative Investment Market, a sub-market of the London Stock 
Exchange. 
 
Articles of Association 
The articles of association of the Company, as amended and currently in 
effect. 
 
Base Prospectus 
 This document dated 31 March 2023. 
 
 
 The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subjet of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Board or Board of Directors 
The board of directors of the Company. 
 
Company/Issuer/Parent/ 
Benchmark Holdings 
Benchmark Holdings plc, a company existing under the laws of 
 
England and Wales with registration number 04115910 and LEI code 
2138001UQHM4VZGXUJ19. 
 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 3. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of 
this template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
Special Purpose  
Financial Statements 
Audited special purpose consolidated financial statements for Benchmark 
Holdings plc for the financial year ended 30 September 2022 with 
comparable figures for 2021, prepared in accordance with EU IFRS. 
 
Consolidated  
Financial Statements  
Audited consolidated statutory financial statements as of and for the fiscal 
year ended 30 September 2020 with comparable figures for 2019, 
prepared in accordance with EU IFRS.  
 
Group 
The Company and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
 
Group Company 
Any person whisch is a member of the Group 
 
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
 
Interim financial statements 
Unaudited (but reviewed) condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements for Benchmark Holdings plc for the three months ended 31 
December 2022 with comparable figures for the same period in 2021, 
prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial reporting as 
adopted by the EU. 
 
LEI 
Legal entity identifier 
 
ISIN 
International Securities Identification Number 
 
NIBOR 
Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate. NIBOR is a collective term for 
Norwegian money market rates at different maturities

--- Page 17 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
17
NFSA 
The Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
 
NOK 
Norwegian kroner 
 
Manager 
DNB Bank ASA 
 
VPS or VPS System 
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA

--- Page 18 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
18
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Benchmark Holdings plc, Highdown House, Yeoman Way, Worthing, West Sussex, BN99 3HH, United Kingdom 
 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
Benchmark Holdings plc declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.    
 
 
West Sussex, 31 March 2023 
 
 
 
 
Benchmark Holdings plc

--- Page 19 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
19
4 Statutory Auditors   
The statutory auditors for the Issuer for the period covered by the historical financial information has been KPMG 
LLP, 1 Sovereign Square, Sovereign Street, Leeds, LS1 4DA, United Kingdom, independent public accountants. 
 
KPMG LLP is member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales.  
 
KPMG LLP has audited the Special Purpose Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements, 
covering the financial years ended on 30 September 2022, 2021 and 2020. KPMG LLP has not audited, reviewed 
or produced any other report on any other information in this Base Prospectus, except for review of the interim 
financial statements for the three months ended 31 December 2022.

--- Page 20 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
20
5 Information about the Issuer 
5.1 History and development of the Company 
5.1 Name and contact details 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is Benchmark Holdings plc. 
 
The address, telephone number and website of the Issuer is as follow: 
Benchmark Holdings plc, Highdown House, Yeoman Way, Worthing, West Sussex, BN99 3HH, United Kingdom 
 
The Company's telephone number is +44 (0)114 240 9939. 
 
Website https://www.benchmarkplc.com 
 
The information on the website mentioned above does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
 
5.2 Place of registration, registration number and LEI code 
The Company is registered with the Companies House, England and Wales, United Kingdom with registration 
number 04115910. The Company’s LEI code is 2138001UQHM4VZGXUJ19. 
 
5.3 Incorporation, domicile and legal form  
Benchmark Holdings plc was incorporated on 28 November 2000. 
 
The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in England and Wales and organized under the laws of 
England and Wales, including the Companies Act 1985 and the Companies Act 2006. See also section 7.1 
Description of Group that Issuer is part of.  
 
 
5.4 Recent events 
The Company has recently completed: 
• 
an issue of 35,189,350 shares at NOK 4.50 per share  
• 
a refinancing of its previous USD 15 million revolving credit facility with its current GBP 20 million RCF on 
21 November 2022 
• 
a refinancing of Benchmark Genetics Salten’s NOK 216 million term loan and NOK 17.5 million overdraft 
with a NOK 179.5 million term loan from Nordea in November 2022 
• 
the purchase on 15 February 2023 of the minority interest’s shareholding of 14,981,272 shares in 
Benchmark Genetics Iceland HF for EUR 9,000,000 (approximately GBP 7,987,077). Following this 
acquisition, Benchmark Genetics Limited, a subsidiary of the Company, now owns 100% of the share 
capital of Benchmark Genetics Iceland HF 
 
Other than the above, there has been no significant recent event which would have a material impact on the 
Company’s financial position. The Company’s annual financial report for the most recent year ended 30 
September 2022 was prepared on a going concern basis. 
 
 
5.5 Credit ratings 
 There are no credit ratings assigned to the Issuer at the request or with the cooperation of the Issuer. 
 
5.6 Material changes 
On 21 November 2022, the Company (as borrower), DNB (UK) Limited (as lender) and DNB Bank ASA, London 
Branch (as agent) entered into an up to GBP 20,000,000 super senior revolving facility agreement (as amended 
and supplemented from time to time, the RCF). The RCF matures in June 2025. The interest rate on the RCF is 
between 2.5% and 3.25% above SONIA depending on leverage. Liquidity, defined as “freely available and

--- Page 21 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
21
unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, including any undrawn amounts under the RCF”, must always exceed the 
minimum liquidity value, set at GBP 10.0 million. Available liquidity at 31 December 2022 was GBP 62.8 million 
 
 
5.7 Expected financing 
 
Based on current business plans and projections, the Company expects to be able to finance its operations, and 
the payments required under the bonds from its existing cash resources, sales revenue, the RCF and potential 
equity fundraises if required.

--- Page 22 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
22
6 Business overview    
 
 
The Company is the holding company of an aquaculture biotechnology group delivering mission critical solutions to 
major farmed aquaculture species. Founded in 2000, the Group has been built through organic development and 
strategic acquisitions. Benchmark's mission is to drive sustainability in aquaculture by delivering products and 
solutions that improve yield, quality, and animal health and welfare for aquaculture producers. The Group delivers 
products and solutions in three main business areas: (i) Genetics, (ii) Advanced Nutrition and (iii) Health. The 
Group's main products include salmon eggs with specialist genetic traits, live feed (Artemia) and artemia 
technologies, early-stage specialist diets, probiotics and sea lice treatments. The Company was admitted to trading 
on AIM, London Stock Exchange's market for smaller and medium size growth companies, in 2013, and admitted 
to trading on Euronext Growth Oslo in December 2022. 
The Group operates in 26 countries with a global distribution network serving major aquaculture producing markets 
for salmon, shrimp, Mediterranean sea bass and sea bream and tilapia. The Group has a customer base with more 
than 750 customers in over 70 countries, such as SalMar, VietUc and Acramar. 
 
6.1 Principal activities  
6.1.1 Overview 
Benchmark is a provider of products and solutions in aquaculture genetics, advanced nutrition and health. These 
three areas play a critical role in the aquaculture value chain and represent attractive growing markets.  
The Genetics business area provides salmon eggs, shrimp breeders and tilapia breeders and fingerlings to its 
customers, as well as genetic improvement services for a broad range of aquatic species. Advanced Nutrition 
provides live feed (Artemia), Artemia technologies, specialist diets, probiotics and environmental water treatments 
for shrimp and marine fish. Benchmark's Health business area provides sea lice treatments for salmon farming.  
The Group's three business areas provide a diversified and global revenue base. 
 
6.1.2 Genetics  
Professional genetics provide a crucial starting point in aquaculture. Good genetics can have a material impact on 
efficiency, disease resistance and survivability across the whole production cycle. Benchmark is a provider of 
aquaculture genetics and genetics services with an offering across major farmed species such as salmon, shrimp 
and tilapia.  
Benchmark is a market leading provider of salmon genetics.
1 Salmon eggs with specialist genetics is the core 
product constituting 66% of the Genetics business area revenue for LTM Q3 2022. The Group's offering within 
Salmon genetics includes SalmoProtect®, SalmoSelect®, SalmoTotal®, SamoRAS® and SalmoRAS®4+, allowing 
salmon farmers to choose traits based on their specific needs, inter alia with regards to production system and 
location, water temperature, disease pressure, organic growth and efficiency. 
The Group's other revenue sources within its Genetics business area include shrimp and tilapia genetics, harvest 
revenues from salmon farming licenses, lumpfish fingerlings and genetic services such as design, implementation 
and operation of selective breeding programmes for aquaculture species. 
Through Benchmark's specialist genetics, Benchmark aims to help its customers produce fish and shrimp that grow 
faster and live healthier lives using less resources – thus improving sustainability across the value chain. Benchmark 
applies selective breeding and advanced genomic tools to deliver eggs and broodstock with genetic traits that drive 
growth, quality and disease resistance. The Group has a highly skilled team of geneticists with experience in more 
than 20 different species. 
In 2022 Benchmark commercially launched its shrimp genetics products including specific pathogen resistant 
(“SPR”) shrimp breeders and PLs (“post-larvae”). Benchmark's product range includes BMKYield®, aimed at 
maximizing yield efficiency, BMKProtect®, for improved growth while maintaining resistance and overall robustness, 
and BMKLowSal® which offers optimised performance under low salinity conditions. 
 
1 Source: Based on Company estimates of 2022 market shares for salmon eggs.

--- Page 23 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
23
The Group also produces and distributes genetically improved, high performing tilapia fingerlings and breeders and 
has implemented infrastructure for year-round delivery. 
The Group has a well invested production footprint, located in key salmon farming regions with capacity for 
growth. The below figure sets out annual capacity in the Group's respective sites. 
 
 
 
Benchmark serves close to 200 customers in about 40 different countries within the Genetics business area, holding 
a leading market position in salmon eggs
2, and a developing position in shrimp and tilapia, having recently entered 
these sectors.  
The Genetics business area's share of revenue for the year 2022 was approximately 37 per cent of the Group's 
total revenue. 
The Company sells directly to end users which comprise aquaculture producers. 
 
6.1.3 Advanced Nutrition  
Benchmark holds the brand, “INVE”, with global presence within the specialist nutrition niche for the early stages of 
shrimp and marine fish production. Early stage nutrition plays a critical role in the development of fish and shrimp 
up until the time of harvest. The Group's nutritional solutions contribute to more successful, consistent and 
sustainable production. 
Benchmark serves approximately 550 customers in 60 countries in this business area. Benchmark's Advanced 
Nutrition products have been developed over 35 years by understanding biology and applying science to promote 
growth, normal development, robustness and survivability for shrimp and fish. The business area has three product 
areas: live feed (Artemia) and artemia technologies, specialist diets and health products including probiotics and 
environmental solutions for shrimp and Mediterranean sea bass/sea bream. Its products are primarily used for early 
stage production in hatcheries. 
The figure below shows a selection of the Company's products in its three product areas. 
 
 
2 Source: Based on Company estimates of 2022 market shares for salmon eggs.

--- Page 24 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
24
 
 
Live feed (Artemia) is naturally harvested from salt lakes in a number of territories around the world. Benchmark 
sources Artemia and then processes it with patented technology, enhancing nutritional and commercial quality. 
Benchmark has access to Artemia from the Great Salt Lakes in Utah, US through harvesting rights and agreements 
with the Great Salt Lakes Cooperative.  
The specialist diets range of products offers stage-specific diets for shrimp and marine fish, primarily for the 
hatchery and nursery stages of production. Benchmark's Health product offering within its Advanced Nutrition 
business area includes preventive solutions such as probiotics, biocides, and water conditioners which help 
customers improve biosecurity and disease resistance, control pathogen bacteria and improve feed utilisation. 
 
 
 
Benchmark's advanced nutrition products are manufactured in Thailand and the U.S. and sold both directly and 
through a network of distributors in shrimp producing markets in Asia and Latin America, and in the sea bass and 
sea bream markets in the Mediterranean. 
 
6.1.4 Health  
Benchmark's Health business area provides sea lice treatments for the salmon industry and has approximately 50 
customers in 5 countries. Growth in aquaculture is curbed by biological challenges such as sea lice and other

--- Page 25 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
25
diseases. Sea lice is one of the largest sustainability challenges for salmon farmers today costing the industry an 
estimated USD 1.0 billion in direct costs.
3  
Benchmark has two medicinal sea lice treatments in the market: Salmosan® Vet and Ectosan® Vet which is used 
in combination with CleanTreat®. Salmosan® Vet has been used by salmon farmers since 2009 while Ectosan® 
Vet and CleanTreat® were introduced into the Norwegian market in 2021.  
Ectosan® Vet and CleanTreat® use the first new active ingredient launched in Norway in more than a decade and 
represent an effective sea lice solution while protecting fish welfare and protecting the ocean from medicinal 
discharges. Ectosan® Vet and CleanTreat® build on the practice of using well boats for medicinal treatments, 
incorporating a purification platform that removes medicine from bath treatment water before returning it to the 
ocean. It has been developed to meet the highest standards of efficacy and fish welfare. Applied exclusively in 
wellboats, it ensures all treatment water is retained, allowing the medicine to then be removed by CleanTreat® – 
supporting the global aquaculture sector's drive to reduce environmental risk. The Company believes that 
Ectosan® Vet and CleanTreat® represent a breakthrough development for the aquaculture industry — providing 
an effective tool for use within integrated pest management strategy for sea lice; improving fish welfare, whilst 
protecting the environment. 
 
 
 
 
   
 
3 Source: The cost of lice, Iversen, Audun, Hermansen, Øystein, Nofima 2021, Company estimates.

--- Page 26 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
26
 
The Health business area serves salmon producers across the main producing markets including Norway, 
Canada, Scotland and Chile. 
 
 
6.2 Principal markets  
Benchmark serves the growing aquaculture industry focusing on its main species which include salmon, shrimp, 
marine fish and tilapia. The aquaculture industry is large and growing, supported by global megatrends such as a 
growing population, increasing animal protein consumption, and awareness of health and sustainability benefits of 
seafood compared to other animal proteins. Within aquaculture, Benchmark focuses on niche, specialist sectors 
which are mission critical for aquaculture producers. 
 
The Group delivers products and solutions in three main business areas: (i) Genetics, (ii) Advanced Nutrition and 
(iii) Health. 
 
The Group has a global presence, with customers all over the world with a focus in Norway. 
 
Revenue split for the Group 
Financial 
year 
Norway 
India 
Singapore 
Ecuador & 
Chile 
Greece 
Rest of 
Europe 
Rest of 
World 
2020 
18.2% 
5.4% 
4.5% 
9.2% 
4.8% 
29.7% 
28.3% 
2021 
25.1% 
9.7% 
6.0% 
5.5% 
4.9% 
17.4% 
31.4% 
2022 
32.3% 
8.0% 
4.5% 
5.3% 
3.9% 
13.8% 
32.2% 
 
 
6.2.1 Genetics  
Benchmark Genetics is providing aquaculture genetics services with in-house breeding programmes focusing on 
three main species: salmon, shrimp and tilapia. Benchmark Genetics has approximately 200 customers in 40 
countries.The Group produces specialist salmon eggs in Norway, Iceland and Chile, shrimp breeders in Colombia 
and the U.S. and tilapia breeders and fingerlings in the United States. Salmon eggs are currently the largest product 
within genetics. Products are primarily sold directly to aquaculture companies, and the genetics market is therefore 
dependent on the general market conditions and growth within each species. In addition, through its genetics 
consulting services, the Company can serve numerous aquaculture species.

--- Page 27 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
27
Among aquaculture species, salmon is the most mature with the highest level of industrialisation and use of 
professional genetics targeted at improving yield through better growth and disease resistance. According to the 
Company, the global market for salmon eggs is currently the largest market within genetics with an estimated size 
of approximately 1.1 billion eggs, equivalent to about GBP 130 million. As salmon eggs are mission critical in the 
production of farmed salmon, the demand of salmon eggs will be driven by production volumes and demand of 
farmed salmon. According to the Company, there has been an increase in egg prices that reflects the value of 
ongoing innovation and mission critical nature of such products to farmers. Mowi Industry Handbook estimates a 
growth in harvest volumes of Atlantic salmon from about 2.6 million tonnes (GWT) in 2021 to about 3.1 million 
tonnes (GWT) in 2025, equivalent to a 4% CAGR. See figure below for illustration of the global harvest volumes of 
Atlantic salmon. 
Global harvest volumes of Atlantic salmon
4 
 
 
As salmon farming is a regulated industry, growth in short- and medium-term is related to better operational 
efficiency and industrialisation. This favours a high demand for salmon eggs as better genetics related to growth 
and disease resistance is beneficial to salmon farmers. Volume growth related to land-based and offshore farming 
have not yet impacted the market to a large extent. However, in a long-term perspective, this may potentially lead 
to a significant increase in the production of farmed salmon and thereby further increase the demand of salmon 
eggs.  
The shrimp sector, as mentioned above, has a broad range of players with a lower but growing penetration of 
professional genetics. According to the Company, the size of the professional global shrimp market for genetics is 
approximately 1.5 million breeders, equivalent to about GBP 100 million. Growth will depend on degree of 
consolidation and industrialization of the shrimp business.  
Tilapia has a low level of industrialisation, and the use of professional genetics in the sector is low. According to 
the Company, the professional genetics global market size for Tilapia breeders and fingerlings is estimated at 8 
million breeders, equivalent to GBP 50 million. Market growth will depend on degree of industrialisation and 
production volumes. 
 
Revenue split for the Genetics business area (customer location) 
Financial 
year 
Norway 
UK 
Faroes 
India 
Chile 
Rest of 
Europe 
Rest of 
World 
Inter-
segment 
sales 
2020 
47.5% 
15.4% 
16.8% 
0.0% 
0.3% 
13.2% 
6.7% 
0.1%
2021 
58.0% 
8.2% 
12.0% 
0.0% 
0.9% 
14.8% 
5.9% 
0.1%
2022 
59.8% 
7.4% 
9.4% 
1.1% 
1.7% 
12.3% 
8.2% 
0.1%
 
 
4 Source: Mowi Salmon Industry Handbook 2022, https://mowi.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/2022-Salmon-
Industry-Handbook-1.pdf.

--- Page 28 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
28
6.2.2 Advanced Nutrition  
Advanced Nutrition primarily serves the global shrimp and the Mediterranean sea bass and sea bream aquaculture 
markets. Within these markets, Benchmark's focus is in the hatchery and nursery segments which represent the 
first stages of the aquaculture production cycle. The market outlook for Advanced Nutrition will depend on the 
market outlook of the served species, including production volumes, degree of industrialisation and consolidation. 
The shrimp aquaculture industry consists of a large and diverse range of players with different production systems 
and degrees of industrialisation from small family-owned farms, to large, integrated producers. Geographically, the 
sector's main producing regions are Asia and the Americas, with the main producing countries being China, 
Ecuador, India, Vietnam and Indonesia. The annual shrimp production is estimated to be approximately 5 million 
tonnes
5 and it is estimated to grow at a CAGR of more than 4% in the medium term according to the Company.
6 
The shrimp market's degree of industrialisation and consolidation has increased over the recent years, and there is 
increasing awareness of sustainability among players and stakeholders. These factors, combined with global 
megatrends, will facilitate the market growth and thereby a higher demand of professional genetics and advanced 
nutrition in the shrimp industry. 
The Mediterranean sea bass and sea bream aquaculture industry is semi-mature, relatively consolidated and 
partly integrated. Industry consolidation is expected to drive production efficiency, and the species are 
experiencing better performance in hatcheries related to improved feeding regimes and higher survival rates. The 
Company considers that demand in the sector will be driven by product innovation and marketing. According to 
the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (“FAO”), Turkey is currently accounting for more than 
50% of all farmed sea bass in Europe with approximately 15,000 tonnes. Other producers of Mediterranean sea 
bass are Greece, Italy, Spain and Croatia. The market for sea bass and sea bream is characterized by a strong 
demand and it is expected that the market for sea bream will grow at a larger proportion than the sea bass. 
 
Revenue split for the Advanced Nutrition business area (customer location) 
Financial 
year 
Norway 
Ecuador India 
Greece 
Singapore Turkey 
Rest of 
Europe 
Rest of 
World 
Inter-
segment 
sales 
2020 
1.1% 
11.5% 
10.9% 
9.5% 
9.0% 
5.5% 
7.9% 
44.6% 
0.1% 
2021 
0.8% 
5.8% 
17.2% 
8.7% 
10.7% 
8.5% 
6.2% 
42.1% 
0.1% 
2022 
1.2% 
8.1% 
14.9% 
7.7% 
8.8% 
8.0% 
5.2% 
46.0% 
0.1% 
 
 
6.2.3 Health  
The Health business area focuses on sea lice treatments and serves salmon producers across Norway, Canada, 
Scotland and Chile. The Group has a market leading position in Norway for medicinal sea lice treatments.
7 
According to the Company, sea lice is the largest biological challenge for salmon farmers and has an estimated 
cost of USD 1.0 billion per year.
8 According to Nofima, the direct cost of sea lice is increasing and has been 
ranging from NOK 4 billion to NOK 5 billion over last five years.
9 Sea lice is also affecting the mortality rates in the 
sea which ranges from 15-16% of total harvest volumes per year
10, and salmon farmers are therefore highly 
incentivized to invest in sea lice treatments. The landscape of different sea lice treatment methods is presented in 
the figure below. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 Source: Seafood Source (2022) “Global Shrimp production to surpass 5 million MT in 2022, CP Food's Robin 
McIntosh predicts”, https://www.seafoodsource.com/news/supply-trade/expert-predicts-global-shrimp-
production-will-exceed-5-million-metric-tons-for-first-time-in-2022. 
6 Source: Company estimates. 
7 Based on Company estimates of 2022 market shares for medicinal sea lice treatments in Norway. 
8 Source: The cost of lice, Iversen, Audun, Hermansen, Øystein, Nofima 2021, Company estimates. 
9 Source: Direct sea lice costs per kilo of salmon produced in Norway (Nofima, 2021) multiplied with annual 
harvest volumes from Norwegian farmers (Kontali, 2021), https://www.kontali.com/b/the-salmon-farming-
industry-in-norway-2022-report (pay-wall). 
10 Source: “Norwegian Fish Health Report 2021”, Norwegian Veterinary Institute (2021), 
https://www.vetinst.no/rapporter-og-publikasjoner/rapporter/2022/fish-health-report-2021.

--- Page 29 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
29
 
Overview of different sea lice methods
11 
 
 
   
The overview provided by Benchmark is rating the treatment methods intro three different colours whereof green 
is a high rating, orange is medium and red is low. The market for sea lice treatments in Norway has grown with a 
CAGR of 13% from 2017 to 2021.
12 Majority of growth is driven by non-medical treatments due to lack of effective 
medical treatments according to the Company. 
 
Revenue split for the Health business area (customer location) 
Financial 
year 
Norway 
UK 
Faroes 
Chile 
Rest of 
Europe 
Rest of 
World 
Inter-
segment 
sales 
2020 
14.9% 
18.1% 
1.1% 
37.8% 
14.5% 
9.8% 
3.9% 
2021 
47.1% 
7.9% 
4.4% 
29.8% 
0.3% 
10.4% 
0.0% 
2022 
77.3% 
1.0% 
2.9% 
4.3% 
0.0% 
14.4% 
0.0% 
 
 
6.3 Competitive situation 
The Company faces a different competitive environment in each of its three business areas. 
6.3.1 Genetics  
Within Genetics, Benchmark’s business is primarily in salmon egg genetics which generated revenues of GBP 38.3 
million in FY22, representing more than 66% of the GBP 58.0 million revenues in the Genetics business area in 
FY22. The Company has recently entered the shrimp genetics and tilapia genetics markets and is in the early 
stages of developing a position in those markets. The salmon genetics sector is well developed and highly 
concentrated with a small number of players. Benchmark aims to differentiate itself through the quality of its products 
and the genetic traits it offers as well as its customer service, biosecurity and year round supply of eggs. 
Benchmark's competitors in salmon genetics include Aquagen, Hendrix and Mowi. The Company estimates its 
market share in salmon genetics to be approximately 30%. Benchmark's competitors in shrimp include Hendrix, CP 
Foods and SIS. 
 
6.3.2 Advanced Nutrition  
In Advanced Nutrition, Benchmark primarily operates in the niche hatchery segment serving the shrimp and 
Mediterranean sea bass and bream aquaculture markets. Benchmark positions its products within the premium 
range aiming to differentiate itself from its competitors through the performance of its products and the technical 
services it offers its customers. Depending on the geography and product range, Benchmark's competitors may 
 
11 Source: Company assessment. 
12 Source: The cost of lice, Iversen, Audun, Hermansen, Øystein, Nofima 2021, Company estimates.

--- Page 30 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
30
include large multinationals and small local players. These include, but are not limited to, the Great Salt Lake 
Cooperative, Arsal, I&V-BIO, Zeigler, BernAqua, BioMar and Skretting, amongst others. 
6.3.3 Health  
In Health, Benchmark operates in the market for sea lice treatment and control, particularly in the medicinal 
treatment segment. Benchmark faces competition from other providers of medicinal treatments as well as 
providers of other sea lice control methods including mechanical treatments. Benchmark aims to differentiate itself 
from its competitors by delivering superior efficacy and animal welfare. Its main competitors include multiple 
providers of sea lice treatments including primarily mechanical treatments.

--- Page 31 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
31
7 Organizational structure 
7.1 Description of Issuer 
Benchmark Holdings plc is a public limited company, incorporated and domiciled in England and Wales. 
 
Benchmark Holdings plc is the parent company in the Group.  
 
The current legal structure of the Group is shown in Annex 2.  
 
 
 
 
 
7.2 Dependence upon other entities  
The Company receives contributions from its subsidiaries, as well as interest and instalments from intercompany 
loans drawn on a revolving credit facility. Therefore, the Company is dependent on the results of the operations of 
the Company’s subsidiaries.

--- Page 32 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
32
8 Trend information 
8.1 Prospects and financial performance 
 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements.  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 33 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
33
9 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
9.1 Information about persons  
 
Board of Directors 
The Company's Articles of Association provide that the Board shall consist of between 2 and 10 board members. 
The Board of Directors currently consists of 8 members including the chairperson of the Board. The names and 
positions in the Company of the Board Members as at the date of this Prospectus are set out in the table below. 
 
Name  
Position  
Peter George 
Non-Executive Chairperson  
Trond Williksen 
Chief Executive Officer 
Septima Maguire 
Chief Financial Officer 
Susan Searle 
Non-Executive Director 
Kevin Quinn 
Non-Executive Director 
Yngve Myhre 
Non-Executive Director 
Kristian Eikre 
Non-Executive Director 
Atle Eide 
Non-Executive Director 
Laura Lavers 
Non-Executive Director 
 
The business address of all members of the Board of Directors is Highdown House, Yeoman Way, Worthing, West 
Sussex, BN99 3HH, United Kingdom. 
 
Peter George has a strong track record in growing successful international life sciences businesses. He is most 
renowned for his achievements as chief executive officer of Clinigen Group plc, the FTSE AIM global 
pharmaceutical and services company, which he founded in 2010 and grew into close to a £1bn market cap 
company having acquired several businesses and expanded its international footprint. 
 
Peter also served as chairperson of Ergomed plc, the AIM-listed provider of clinical research, drug development 
and safety services internationally. 
 
Prior to Clinigen, he held a number of senior roles in the pharmaceutical and healthcare sectors including chief 
executive officer and leading the MBO of Penn Pharmaceutical Services. He co-created Unilabs Clinical Trials 
International in 1997, which was successfully sold to Icon plc in 2000. 
 
Peter is chairperson of Oxford Quantum Circuits, non-executive director of Osler Diagnostics and a Health 
Sciences advisor at Oxford Science Enterprises, Gresham House, Ergomed Plc and Clinigen Group Limited. In 
addition, Peter has an investment fund, Enigma Holdings Group, and serves on a number of the boards of 
companies owned by the group. He also owns XPG Ltd, a building and development company. 
 
Trond Williksen is highly experienced in the international aquaculture and seafood industries, having held senior 
executive positions in the sector for over 25 years. Most recently he was chief executive officer of SalMar ASA, 
the Norwegian fish farm company being one of the world's largest producers of farmed salmon. Prior to SalMar, 
he was chief executive officer of AKVA Group ASA, the leading global aquaculture technology and service 
provider for six years. He previously held a number of executive roles in Aker ASA's Seafood, Ocean Harvest and 
BioMarine companies as well as being the managing director of the Norwegian Fishfarmers Association. 
 
Trond is the chairperson at Ivan Ulsund Rederi AS (including Trønderbas AS, Brusøykjær AS, Ivan Ulsund 
Eiendom AS), an ocean fisheries company. 
 
He is a board member at SinkabergHansen AS, a leading Norwegian salmon farming company, and a board 
member of Williksen Export AS, a Norwegian salmon export company. Trond also owns an investment company, 
KRING AS. At the time of Trond's appointment, the Board reviewed Trond's other roles and were comfortable that 
these would still allow sufficient time to discharge his responsibilities effectively. The Board agreed that each role 
was not deemed to be significant and will continue to monitor such appointments going forward. 
 
Septima Maguire joined Benchmark as Chief Financial Officer in November 2019 from Dechra Pharmaceuticals 
plc, the international provider of specialist veterinary pharmaceuticals and products, where she spent four years as 
group financial controller, acting group finance director and most recently corporate development director, 
overseeing all aspects of acquisition activities, strategic projects, business development and investment initiatives 
playing a significant role in supporting Dechra during a period of high growth. She has been Chief Financial Officer 
of the Group since 18 December 2019 but joined Benchmark in November 2019.

--- Page 34 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
34
Prior to Dechra, Septima held a number of senior finance roles at Ardagh Group S.A. (previously Impress Metal 
Packaging) over a period of nine years. She has also held finance roles at UPC, CNH Capital and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers. Septima holds a Master of Law in European Union Law from the University of Leicester 
and is ACCA qualified. 
 
Susan Searle has over 25 years' experience working in a variety of commercial, business development, 
manufacturing and operational roles including investing in growing technology businesses, acquisitions and the 
exploitation of new technologies. She co-founded Imperial Innovations plc, a leading technology investment 
business, and served as its chief executive officer from 2002 to 2013. 
 
She was previously chairperson of Mercia Technologies PLC, a regional technology and biotech investor and 
holds a Master of Arts in Chemistry from Exeter College, Oxford. She was also non-executive and remuneration 
chairperson of Horizon Discovery plc, a gene-editing biotech company, prior to its sale to Perkin Elmer. Susan 
was formerly chairperson of Schroder UK Public Private Trust plc, which invested in a wide range of technology 
companies with a key focus on biotech and sustainability. 
 
Susan brings to Benchmark a wealth of experience, including in relation to financial risk management, having 
served on a variety of company boards and audit committees. 
 
Kevin Quinn Kevin is a qualified chartered accountant with over 30 years of financial experience in international 
business and the biosciences industry, including with FTSE 100 companies. Previously, Kevin was chief financial 
officer at Berendsen plc, the leading FTSE 250 European textile service business, where he was directly 
responsible for finance risk management, until the takeover of Berendsen by Elis SA in September 2017. In his 
role at Berendsen, Kevin was also responsible for providing assurance on mitigating actions relating to 
operational risks. Kevin has also previously held senior finance positions within biosciences group Amersham plc 
and before that was a partner with PricewaterhouseCoopers (Prague). Kevin holds a Bachelor of Arts in French 
from University College, Durham. 
 
Kevin is also the chairperson of Marlowe Plc, a leading UK services business providing testing, inspection and 
maintenance of critical building systems. 
 
Yngve Myhre has more than 20 years' experience in the aquaculture sector as a senior executive, advisor and 
investor. Yngve was chief executive of leading Norwegian salmon producer SalMar ASA, and of international 
white fish supplier Aker Seafoods ASA during periods of successful growth. In both these roles Yngve was 
involved in evaluation of operational risk management strategies. Yngve also acts as strategic advisor to investors 
in the aquaculture sector. Yngve has a very strong track record in Benchmark's focus area of aquaculture, both in 
the Norwegian and international markets. 
 
Yngve is a member of the board of Aqua Site AS and other seafood related companies. He is also chairperson of 
Kime Akva AS, Broodstock Capital AS and Chilean salmon producer Nova Austral S.A. Yngve also acts as a 
strategic advisor to investors in the aquaculture sector. 
 
Kristian Eikre has more than 15 years' experience as an investment professional with a particular focus on the 
aquaculture, pharmaceuticals, energy and renewables sectors. Kristian is currently an investment professional 
and co-head of Ferd Capital, a division of Ferd AS, a Norwegian investment company holding 26.33% of the 
Company's issued share capital. Prior to joining Ferd Capital, he was a partner at Herkules Capital AS, a leading 
private equity firm in Norway, which he joined after working as a research analyst at First Securities AS, an 
investment banking firm. 
 
Kristian has held various board positions and is currently a board member of a number of companies including 
Fjord Line AS, a Scandinavian cruise and ferry operator, as well as a non-executive director of Seagust AS. 
 
Atle Eide has extensive experience in the seafood industry including as chairperson of SalMar ASA and chief 
executive officer of Mowi ASA. He is currently chairperson of Scale Aquaculture Group AS, an innovation and 
technology company, amongst other appointments. In addition to his extensive involvement in the seafood and 
aquaculture sectors, Atle has substantial experience as an investor as non-executive chairperson, and later senior 
partner, at HitecVision AS, the leading Norwegian private equity company, for almost 20 years until 2020. 
 
Laura Levers is a senior investment professional with two decades of experience, the majority spent investing 
globally in publicly listed equities with a fundamental, long term, approach. Laura was a partner at Thunderbird 
Partners LLP where she worked closely with CIO to manage the business, interacting with investors (primarily 
endowments) and providing internal leadership, particularly around culture, people management, diversity and 
hiring.  
 
Laura is a non-executive director for Hello Self Limited, a leading UK online psychology services provider and a 
member of the investment committee of Angelicoussis Family Office, a multi-billion dollar family office investing 
globally across multiple asset classes, with a focus on direct public and private equity and alternatives.

--- Page 35 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
35
 
 
 
 
Management  
 
The Management team is an informal working group consisting of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Financial Officer, the head of each business area, the Head of People, the head of investor relations and the Group 
Legal Counsel. The Management team is responsible for the management of the day-to-day operation of the 
business and, pursuant to delegations of authority provided by the Board of Directors to the Management, 
implementation of the Board of Directors' strategy and vision. 
 
The names and positions of the members of the Management as of the date of this Prospectus are set out in the 
table below: 
Name  
Position  
Trond Williksen 
Chief Executive Officer 
Septima Maguire 
Chief Financial Officer 
John Marshall 
Head of Animal Health 
Jan-Emil Johannessen 
Head of Genetics 
Patrick Waty 
Head of Advanced Nutrition 
Ivonne Cantu 
Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Development 
Corina Holmes 
Group Head of People 
Ross Houston 
Director of R&D and Innovation 
Jennifer Haddouk 
Company Secretary & Group Legal Counsel 
 
The business address of all members of the Management is Highdown House, Yeoman Way, Worthing, West 
Sussex, BN99 3HH, United Kingdom. 
 
Trond Williksen, please see description under Board of Directors. 
 
Septima Maguire, please see description under Board of Directors. 
 
John Marshall  
joined Benchmark from Novartis Animal Health in January 2011 where he has held the positions of European 
Business unit Aquaculture and head of Global Technical Services – Aquaculture. 
 
John has a degree in Agricultural and Environmental Science (Honours in Crop Protection) from The University of 
Newcastle-upon-Tyne and a Master of Business Administration from Open University (special focus on the 
International Business Finance) and Business Finance and Acquisition Strategy MBA modules from Harvard 
University. 
 
John has 28 years of experience in the Animal Health industry (over 20 years focused in Aquaculture Health) 
working in R&D, sales and marketing, business development, business unit leadership and leads Benchmark's 
Health business area. 
 
Jan-Emil Johannessen  
is Head of Benchmark Genetics and joined SalmoBreed – today part of Benchmark Genetics - as chairperson of 
the board of directors in 2011 and managing director in 2013. Prior to this he was working for 10 years with the 
Norwegian branded food company Rieber (Toro) and for 15 years in the family-owned company Fossen AS (today 
Lerøy Fossen AS). 
 
Fossen was one of the pioneers in Norwegian fish farming with a particular focus on trout and value-added products. 
Jan-Emil holds a Master of Science in Business Administration and Economics as well as university courses in 
Aquaculture. 
 
Patrick Waty  
is an experienced aquaculture leader and expert who had his first exposure to the sector in 2005, upon purchasing 
and growing Seagull NV, the Belgium-based fish processing company. 
Patrick joined Benchmark in November 2021 from SyAqua Group, an industry leader in early-stage nutrition and 
genetics for shrimp and tilapia, where he was chief executive officer pushing forward Asian market development. 
Prior to this, Patrick spent 6 years in several key global leadership roles within BernAqua, Epicore Bionetworks, 
steering the company through a period of mergers, acquisitions, and integration, which significantly and strategically 
developed Neovia/ADM business as a global aquaculture director.

--- Page 36 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
36
Patrick is a member of the Management team and will play a key role in developing and growing the Group's 
Advanced Nutrition business as well as contributing strategically to the evolution of Benchmark over the coming 
years. 
 
Ivonne Cantu  
Ivonne joined Benchmark in 2017 after 20 years as corporate finance advisor at Cenkos Securities and Merrill 
Lynch. Throughout her career Ivonne has advised UK and international companies across multiple sectors on a 
broad range of corporate finance transactions including IPOs, fundraisings and M&A as well as on investor 
communications, corporate governance and regulatory matters. 
 
Ivonne chairs the Sustainability Working Group and is a member of the Sustainability Committee. 
 
Ms. Cantu is a Non-Executive Director of Creo Medical plc and Primary Health Properties plc. Ms. Cantu holds a 
Bachelor of Science in Engineering and a Master of Business Administration from the Wharton School of Business. 
 
Corina Holmes is an experienced global HR leader with over 25 years' living and working extensively across 
EMEA, Asia and the Americas. She has worked for both large and complex companies in technology, 
pharmaceuticals, and financial services as well as smaller entrepreneurial start-up businesses. Throughout her 
career Corina has led global HR teams in creating values-based company cultures, creating and leading 
employee engagement and development programs, and implementing reward and talent management strategies 
that support the achievement of business goals and objectives, together with acting as coach and mentor to 
senior leadership teams. Ms. Holmes joined Benchmark in January 2021 from Hyve Group plc where she was 
chief people officer. 
 
Ross Houston  
joined Benchmark in March 2022 as Director of Innovation in Benchmark Genetics, where he leads strategic R&D 
programmes, with a particular focus on applications of emerging technologies. He has been recently appointed as 
chairperson of the Benchmark Innovation Board, which fosters exploitation of synergies across the Genetics, 
Health, and Advanced Nutrition business units. 
 
Ross is an internationally leading scientist in the field of aquaculture genetics and biotechnology, having formerly 
been personal chair of Aquaculture Genetics, and deputy director for Translation and Commercialisation, at the 
Roslin Institute. He has authored or co-authored more than 100 scientific publications, with several of his discoveries 
applied in the aquaculture industry to improve animal health and performance. 
 
Jennifer Haddouk is a French qualified Solicitor with over 10 years' experience and joined the Company in 
February 2018. Jennifer previously worked in French law firm SCP de Poulpiquet & Co and more recently as an in-
house legal counsel for KellyDeli, a European sushi retail company where she gained experience in the salmon 
industry, focusing on commercial agreements, corporate and competition law. Since taking in her role as Company 
Secretary and Group Legal Counsel for the Group in May 2019, Jennifer has been advising and supporting Group 
companies to execute their strategies. Jennifer holds a Master of Arts in Law from the university of Nice and 
“Diplome de Notaire”. 
 
 
 
Operations Board 
 
The Operations Board is an informal working group consisting of the Executive Management Team together with 
the head of each central function.  The Operations Board is responsible for developing and delivering cross-Group 
opportunities, revenue and costs synergies, advancing integration, and overseeing the financial and operational 
performance of the Group as a whole. 
 
Name  
Position  
Business address  
Trond Williksen 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
Benchmark 
House, 
8 
Smithy 
Wood 
Drive, 
Sheffield, S35 1QN, United Kingdom 
Septima Maguire 
Chief Financial Officer 
Benchmark 
House, 
8 
Smithy 
Wood 
Drive, 
Sheffield, S35 1QN, United Kingdom 
Jan-Emil Johannessen 
Head of Genetics 
Benchmark 
House, 
8 
Smithy 
Wood 
Drive, 
Sheffield, S35 1QN, United Kingdom 
John Marshall 
Head of Health 
Benchmark 
House, 
8 
Smithy 
Wood 
Drive, 
Sheffield, S35 1QN, United Kingdom 
Jennifer Haddouk 
Group Legal Counsel 
Benchmark 
House, 
8 
Smithy 
Wood 
Drive, 
Sheffield, S35 1QN, United Kingdom 
Ivonne Cantu 
Investor 
Relations 
Director 
Benchmark 
House, 
8 
Smithy 
Wood 
Drive, 
Sheffield, S35 1QN, United Kingdom

--- Page 37 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
37
Corina Holmes 
Head of People 
Benchmark 
House, 
8 
Smithy 
Wood 
Drive, 
Sheffield, S35 1QN, United Kingdom 
Morten Rye 
Director of R&D and 
Innovation 
Benchmark 
House, 
8 
Smithy 
Wood 
Drive, 
Sheffield, S35 1QN, United Kingdom 
Rachel Aninakwah 
Employee 
Representative 
Benchmark 
House, 
8 
Smithy 
Wood 
Drive, 
Sheffield, S35 1QN, United Kingdom 
 
 
Ivonne Cantu joined Benchmark in 2017 after 20 years as Corporate Finance adviser at Cenkos Securities and 
Merrill Lynch. Throughout her career Ivonne has advised UK and international companies on a broad range of 
corporate finance transactions including IPO’s, fundraisings and M&A as well as on investor communications, 
corporate governance and regulatory matters. Ivonne holds a BSc in Engineering and an MBA from the Wharton 
School of Business. 
 
Morten Rye joined Benchmark in 2015 when Akvaforsk Genetics Center (AFGC) was acquired. He currently holds 
a dual role, as Director of Genetics in Benchmark Genetics, and newly appointed head of the cross-divisional 
Benchmark Innovation Board. 
 
Morten earned his PhD in Animal Breeding at the Norwegian University of Life Sciences. Following a scientific 
career aquaculture genetics, he spent 15 years building AFGC into a major provider of genetic improvement 
services to aquaculture industries worldwide. He has authored or coauthored more than 60 scientific publications 
on quantitative genetics and selection applied to aquaculture species. After joining Benchmark he has been working 
with coordinating technical genetics services and R&D priorities across Benchmark Genetics.   
 
Rachel Aninakwah joined Benchmark in 2011 and is Communications Manager for the group. She previously 
worked as a sustainability consultant to drive improvements across food supply chains. In March 2020, Rachel was 
appointed Employee Representative to strengthen the employee voice in the board room in line with the new 
Corporate Governance guidelines. Rachel holds a BA in Geography and Planning from Newcastle University. 
 
Please see Benchmark Holdings plc above for a description of Trond Williksen, Septima Maguire and Jennifer 
Haddouk. 
 
Please see Executive Management Team above for a description of John Marshall, Jan-Emil Johannessen and 
Corina Holmes. 
 
9.2 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies conflicts of 
interest  
Given Atle Eide's previous role as a director of Kverva AS, a significant shareholder in the Company, the Board has 
concluded that he is not an independent director of the Company. Kverva AS is the controlling shareholder of SalMar 
ASA, who is a customer of the Company. Kristian Eikre is not considered to be an independent board member due 
to his position as an investment professional and co-head of Ferd Capital, a division of Ferd AS, a Norwegian 
investment company holding 26.33% of the Company's issued share capital. 
 
For disclosure purposes, Yngve Myhre is the chairperson of the board of directors of Nova Austral SA, a Chilean 
salmon farm business, which bought salmon eggs from Benchmark Genetics Chile in September 2021 and October 
2022. Yngve was not involved in the negotiations of the agreement between the parties. The Company does not 
consider this to be a conflict of interest.  
 
Also, Trond Williksen is a non-executive board member of SinkabergHansen AS, a customer of the Group. Trond 
is, however, excluded from participating in any board discussions at SinkabergHansen AS which relate to the Group 
and he has no involvement in the commercial relationship. The Company does not consider this to be a conflict of 
interest and is only disclosing this for transparency reasons. 
 
Other than the above, there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties carried out on behalf of the 
Issuer by the persons referred to in item 9.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 38 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
38
10 Major shareholders 
10.1 Ownership  
As at 17 March 2023, the share capital of the Company is GBP 739,227.469 divided into 739,227,469 shares at a 
nominal value of GBP 0.001 each. 
 
The Company has one class of ordinary shares which carries no right to fixed income. Each ordinary share carries 
the right to one vote at general meetings of the Company. The shares are admitted to trading on AIM and Euronext 
Growth Oslo.  
 
The table below shows the Company's 20 largest shareholders as recorded in the shareholders' register of the 
Company as of 17 March 2023: 
 
# 
Shareholder name 
No. of Shares 
% of total Shares  
1 
Ferd AS 
191,923,746 
25.97% 
2 
Kverva AS 
158,144,853 
21.39% 
3 
JNE Partners 
168,101,261 
22.74% 
4 
Harwood Capital 
29,185,000 
3.95% 
5 
DNB Asset Management 
21,294,551 
2.88% 
6 
Canaccord Genuity Wealth Management 
20,704,522 
2.80% 
7 
Odyssean Investment Trust 
18,015,000 
2.44% 
8 
Gresham House Asset Management 
15,416,273 
2.09% 
9 
Rabo Investments 
11,986,578 
1.62% 
10 
Janus Henderson Investors 
10,467,961 
1.42% 
11 
Wheatsheaf Investments 
10,000,000 
1.35% 
12 
Palmyra Investments 
9,789,384 
1.32% 
13 
Sole Active AS 
8,734,748 
1.18% 
14 
Baillie Gifford 
8,457,319 
1.14% 
15 
BMK Employees 
5,702,978 
0.77% 
16 
Directors 
5,314,702 
0.72% 
17 
Barclays Bank 
3,938,300 
0.53% 
18 
Ex-Employees 
3,887,548 
0.53% 
19 
Hargreaves Lansdown 
3,770,955 
0.51% 
20 
Redmayne Bentley 
3,503,666 
0.47% 
 
 
 
 
10.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.

--- Page 39 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
39
11 Financial information concerning the Company's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
 
11.1 Historical Financial Information for the Company 
The financial statements of Benchmark Holdings plc and the Group have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards, International Accounting Standards and Interpretations (collectively 
IFRSs) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) as adopted by the European Union 
(“adopted IFRSs”) and those parts of the Companies Act 2006 that are applicable to companies that prepare 
financial statements in accordance with IFRS. 
 
For 2022 and 2021, the accounting policies of the Company and the Group are shown in the Special Purpose 
Financial Statements, page 8-17, note 1. The Special Purpose Financial Statements  is attached as Annex 4. 
 
For 2020, the accounting policies of the Company and the Group are shown in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, page 106-115, note 1. A separate income statement for the Company is not presented, in accordance 
with Section 408 of the Companies Act 2006. According to the Prospectus Regulation, information in a prospectus 
may be incorporated by reference. The Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated by reference to this Base 
Prospectus and is available at the webpage of the Company (https://www.benchmarkplc.com/investors/reports-
presentations/). Please see Cross Reference List below for complete references.  
 
The Interim Financial Statement are attached as Annex 4. 
 
 
Interim Financial 
Statements 
Special Purpose 
Financial Statements 
Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
 
*)****) 
2022**) 
2021 
2020***) 
Benchmark Holdings plc 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
 
Company balance sheet 
--- 
--- 
--- 
 
101 
 
Company statement of cash flow 
--- 
--- 
--- 
 
105 
Notes 
--- 
--- 
--- 
 
106-158 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Group 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated income statement 
7 
9 
9 
98 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet 
9 
11 
11 
100 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flow 
11 
13 
13 
104 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes 
12-22 
14-57 
14-57 
106-158 
*) provides comparative figures for same period in 2022 
**) provides comparative figures for 2021 
***) provides comparative figures for 2019 
****) The Interim Financial Statements have been reviewed (but not audited)  
 
Background for the Special Purpose Financial Statements 
On 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom (UK) ceased to be a member of the EU and entered the transition period 
(the “Transition period”). During the Transition period, the UK continued to be subject to the EU legislative 
framework. On 31 December 2020, the Transition Period ended and UK's domestic law became applicable. IFRS 
standards as adopted by the EU were incorporated into UK law with effect from that date by way of the International 
Accounting Standards ("IAS") and European Public Limited-Liability Company (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019 No 685 (“IAS EU Exit Regulation”). 
These standards form IFRS as adopted by the EU in conformity with the requirements of the UK Companies Act 
(“UK-IFRS”) which replace EU-IFRS for UK companies. The IAS EU Exit Regulation gave power to the Secretary 
of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (“BEIS”) to endorse new or amended standards, which form 
part of UK-IFRS, and to delegate this responsibility to an endorsement body. These functions were delegated to a 
newly formed independent UK endorsement body (the UK Endorsement Board). On the day the IFRS standards as

--- Page 40 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
40
adopted by the EU were incorporated into UK law, UK-IFRS was identical to EU-IFRS, but there is the potential for 
divergence if different endorsement decisions are made. 
UK-IFRS is not considered as equivalent to EU-IFRS adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002, cf. the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Regulation section 5-11. The Group has prepared the Special Purpose Financial 
Statements for the financial year 2022 with comparative figures for the financial year 2021 in accordance with EU-
IFRS. 
 
 
11.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
11.2.1 Statement of audited historical financial information 
The audit has been conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and 
applicable law. 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the Special Purpose Financial Statements, pages 
3-8, available as Annex 4,and in the Consolidated Financial Statements, pages 92-97, available at the webpage 
of the Company (https://www.benchmarkplc.com/investors/reports-presentations/). Please see Cross Reference 
List for complete references. 
 
The auditor's report to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 30 September 2021 includes an 
emphasis of matter relating to going concern, in relation to the Group's and the Parent Company's dependency on 
the refinancing of existing debt facilities expiring in December 2022 (RCF of up to USD 15 million) and June 2023 
(bond debt of NOK 850 million). It is noted that the auditor, KMPG, included the following provision titled “Material 
Uncertainty Related to Going Concern” in its auditor report for the audited Consolidated Financial Statements as 
of and for the year ended 30 September 2021: 
“We draw attention to Note 1 to the financial statements which indicates that the Group's and the Parent 
Company's ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on the refinancing of existing debt facilities 
expiring in December 2022 and June 2023. These events and conditions constitute a material uncertainty that 
may cast significant doubt on the Group's and the Parent Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Our 
opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.” 
 
The uncertainty related to finance facilities that, at the time, had a short time left before they needed to be 
refinanced. The refinancing took place in September 2022 and November 2022 (as further detailed below). Hence 
the special purpose accounts do not repeat the emphasis of matter as the uncertainty was removed by the time 
they were prepared. 
 
In September 2022, the Company successfully refinanced its bond debt of NOK 850 million through the issue of a 
new senior unsecured green bond issue of NOK 750 million which received a Medium Green rating by CICERO 
Shades of Green AS, the second party opinion provider, a subsidiary of the Centre for International Climate and 
Environmental Research (“CICERO”). Additionally, in November 2022 the Company refinanced its USD 15 million 
revolving credit facility with a new GBP 20 million revolving credit facility. 
 
 
11.2.2 Other audited information 
No other information in this Base Prospectus has been audited. 
 
 
11.3 Age of latest financial information 
 
11.3.1 Last year of audited financial information 
 
The last year of audited financial information is 2022. 
 
11.4 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
From time to time, the Company and other companies in the Group are involved in litigation, disputes and other 
legal proceedings arising in the normal course of its business. 
 
Neither the Company or any other company in the Group is, nor has been, during the course of the preceding 
twelve months involved in any legal, governmental or arbitration proceedings which may have, or have had in the 
recent past, material adverse effects on the Company's and/or the Group's financial position or profitability, and 
the Company is not aware of any such proceedings which are pending or threatened.

--- Page 41 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
41
 
11.5 Significant change in the financial position of the Group 
 
Since the publication of the annual financial report for the period ended 30 September 2022. the Company has 
completed: 
• 
an issue of 35,189,350 shares at NOK 4.50 per share  
• 
a refinancing of its previous USD 15 million revolving credit facility with its current GBP 20 million RCF on 
21 November 2022 
• 
a refinancing of Benchmark Genetics Salten’s NOK 216 million term loan and NOK 17.5 million overdraft 
with a NOK 179.5 million term loan from Nordea in November 2022 
• 
the purchase on 15 February 2023 of the minority interest’s shareholding of 14,981,272 shares in 
Benchmark Genetics Iceland HF for EUR 9,000,000 (approximately GBP 7,987,077). Following this 
acquisition, Benchmark Genetics Limited, a subsidiary of the Company, now owns 100% of the share 
capital of Benchmark Genetics Iceland HF 
 
Other than the above, there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group which has 
occurred since the publication of the annual financial report for   the period ended 30 September 2022. 
   
 
 
11.6 Alternative performance measures 
 
In this Base Prospectus, the Company presents certain non-IFRS financial measures and ratios. 
In order to measure the Group's performance on a historic basis, the Company has primarily made use of the 
following measures: EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA before fair value movement in biological assets, 
Adjusted Operating Profit and Adjusted Profit Before Tax. These are Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”) 
that aim to provide a better understanding of the Group's underlying financial performance for the period. 
The non-IFRS financial measures presented herein are not recognised measurements of financial performance 
under IFRS or other generally accepted accounting principles but are used by the Company to monitor and analyse 
the underlying performance of the Company's business and operations. Investors should not consider any such 
measures to be an alternative to profit and loss for the period, operating profit for the period or any other measures 
of performance under IFRS or other generally accepted accounting principles. 
The Company believes that the non-IFRS measures presented herein are commonly used by investors in 
comparing performance between companies. Accordingly, the Company discloses the non-IFRS financial 
measures presented herein to permit a more complete and comprehensive analysis of the Group's operating 
performance relative to other companies across periods. Because companies calculate the non-IFRS financial 
measures presented herein differently, the non-IFRS financial measures presented herein may not be comparable 
to similarly defined terms or measures used by other companies. 
The following APMs are used by the Group: 
APM 
Description 
Reason to include 
 
 
 
EBITDA 
Defined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, 
amortisation and impairment. 
Widely used measure which 
reflects underlying profitability. 
Adjusted EBITDA 
Defined as earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, 
amortisation, impairment, exceptional items and 
acquisition related items. 
Reflects underlying profitability 
excluding exceptional and 
acquisition related items. 
Adjusted EBITDA before 
fair value movement in 
biological assets 
Defined as Adjusted EBITDA excluding the fair value 
movements in biological assets arising from their 
revaluation in line with IFRS. 
As above but excluding fair value 
movements on biological assets. 
Adjusted Operating Profit 
Defined as operating loss before exceptional items, 
acquisition related items and amortisation and 
impairment of intangible assets excluding development 
costs. 
Reflects underlying operating profit 
excluding exceptional items and 
amortisation and impairment of 
intangible assets excluding 
amortisation of development costs. 
Adjusted Profit Before 
Tax 
Defined as earnings before tax, amortisation and 
impairment of intangible assets excluding amortisation 
of development costs, exceptional items and 
acquisition related expenditure. 
As above but for Profit before tax. 
Reconciliation of Adjusted Operating Profit to Operating Loss

--- Page 42 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
42
 
Three-month period 
ended 31 December 
Year ended  
30 September 
GBP ‘000 
2022 
2021 
2022 
2021 
 
2020 
 
(IAS 34) 
(IAS 34) 
(EU-
IFRS) 
EU-IFRS 
 
EU-IFRS 
Revenue
 ................................................................... 
54,495 
40,014 
158,277 
125,062 
 
105,565 
Cost of sales
 ................................................................... 
(30,268) 
(20,515) 
(75,149) 
(59,477) 
 
(50,603) 
Gross profit
 ................................................................... 
24,227 
19,499 
83,128 
65,585 
 
54,962 
Research and development costs
 ................................................................... 
(1,563) 
(1,647) 
(6,691) 
(7,010) 
 
(7,282) 
Other operating costs
 ................................................................... 
(11,753) 
(9,923) 
(44,661) 
(38,221) 
 
(33,337) 
Depreciation and impairment
 ................................................................... 
(4,615) 
(4,495) 
(19,897) 
(8,359) 
 
(6,640) 
Amortisation of capitalised development 
costs
 ................................................................... 
(617) 
(448) 
(2,165) 
(299) 
 
- 
Share of loss of equity accounted 
investees net of tax
 ................................................................... 
56 
(504) 
(595) 
(905) 
 
150 
Adjusted operating profit
 ................................................................... 
5,735 
2,482 
9,119 
10,791 
 
7,853 
Exceptional - restructuring, disposal and 
acquisition related items
 ................................................................... 
(972) 
- 
16 
(184) 
 
(2,114) 
Amortisation and impairment of intangible 
assets excluding development costs
 ................................................................... 
(4,885) 
(3,940) 
(16,996) 
(15,984) 
 
(16,613) 
Operating loss
 ................................................................... 
(122) 
(1,458) 
(7,861) 
(5,377) 
 
(10,874) 
Reconciliation of Profit Before Taxation to Adjusted Profit Before Tax 
 
Three-month period 
ended 31 December 
Year ended  
30 September 
GBP ‘000 
2022 
2021 
2022 
2021 
 
2020 
 
(IAS 34) 
(IAS 34) 
(EU-
IFRS) 
EU-IFRS 
 
EU-IFRS 
Profit/(loss) before taxation
 ................................................................... 
100 
(3,682) 
(23,177) 
(9,179) 
 
(22,571) 
Exceptional - restructuring, disposal and 
acquisition related items
 ................................................................... 
972 
- 
(16) 
184 
 
2,114 
Amortisation and impairment of intangible 
assets excluding development costs
 ................................................................... 
4,885 
3,940 
16,996 
15,984 
 
16,613 
Adjusted profit/(loss) before tax
 ................................................................... 
5,957 
258 
(6,197) 
6,989 
 
(3,844) 
Other Metrics 
 
Three-month period 
ended 31 December 
Year ended  
30 September 
GBP ‘000 
2022 
2021 
2022 
2021 
 
2020 
 
(IAS 34) 
(IAS 34) 
(EU-
IFRS) 
EU-IFRS 
 
EU-IFRS 
Total R&D Investment 
 
 
 
 
 
Research and development costs 
 
 
 
 
 
Continuing operations
 ................................................................... 
1,563 
1,647 
6,691 
7,010 
 
7,282 
Discontinued operations
 ................................................................... 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
2,725

--- Page 43 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
43
 
Three-month period 
ended 31 December 
Year ended  
30 September 
GBP ‘000 
2022 
2021 
2022 
2021 
 
2020 
 
(IAS 34) 
(IAS 34) 
(EU-
IFRS) 
EU-IFRS 
 
EU-IFRS 
Research and development costs
 ................................................................... 
1,563 
1,647 
6,691 
7,010 
 
10,007 
Internal capitalised development costs
 ................................................................... 
54 
627 
1,708 
4,813 
 
4,583 
Total R&D investment
 ................................................................... 
1,617 
2,274 
8,399 
11,823 
 
14,590 
 
 
Three-month period 
ended 31 December 
Year ended  
30 September 
GBP ‘000 
2022 
2021 
2022 
2021 
 
2020 
 
(IAS 34) 
(IAS 34) 
(EU-IFRS) 
EU-IFRS 
 
EU-IFRS 
Adjusted EBITDA excluding fair value 
movement in biological assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Adjusted EBITDA
 ................................................................... 
10,967 
7,425 
31,181 
19,449 
 
14,493 
Exclude fair value movement
 ................................................................... 
1,154 
96 
(1,595) 
(3,323) 
 
(3,253) 
Adjusted EBITDA excluding fair value 
movement in biological assets
 ................................................................... 
12,121 
7,521 
29,586 
16,126 
 
11,240 
 
These measures are not defined performance measures in IFRS. The Group's definition of these measures may 
not be comparable with similarly titled performance measures and disclosures by other entities.

--- Page 44 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
44
12 Documents available  
 
The following documents (or copies thereof) may be inspected for the life of the Base Prospectus at the 
headquarters of the Company, Highdown House, Yeoman Way, Worthing, West Sussex, BN99 3HH, United 
Kingdom, or at https://www.benchmarkplc.com: 
 
(a) the up-to-date memorandum and articles of association of the Company; 
 
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Company's 
request, any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus;

--- Page 45 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
45
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for the 
issuance of Bonds.  
 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (Verdipapirhandelloven)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can 
take place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing 
Limit will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable annually or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3 or 6 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period lengths 
are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days prior 
to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly or semi-annually on the the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 46 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
46
 
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents the correct 
understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds as defined in the 
Bond Terms. 
 
 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be listed under 
the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted by the 
Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new 
issue. 
 
 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
The debt instruments issued by the Issuer on the Issue Date pursuant to the Bond Terms, 
including any Additional Bonds, and any overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued 
under a separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD from time to time. 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
The agreement including any attachments thereto, and any subsequent amendments and 
additions agreed between the parties thereto. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a 
Bond, subject however to the Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the 
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, 
including enforcement of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take

--- Page 47 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
47
such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights 
of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents. 
 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Business Day: 
Means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system and the relevant currency of 
the Bonds settlement system is open. 
 
 
Business Day 
Conventon: 
If the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be as follow: 
 
If Fixed Rate, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day (Following Business Day convention). 
 
If FRN, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to 
the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following Business Day convention). 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem (all or some of) the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date. 
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
 
Change of Control 
Event: 
The Final Terms may specify that each Bondholder have the right to require that the Issuer 
purchases (all or some of) the Bonds held by that Bondholder if a Change of Control Event, as 
specified in the Final Terms, occurs.    
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention: The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number 
of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against 
payment or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own 
VPS-account. 
 
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 48 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
48
Exchange: 
Oslo Børs or any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets 
in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on 
markets in financial instruments (MiFIR).  
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)  
 
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Benchmark Holdings plc is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a Joint 
Bookrunner may be entered into.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 49 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
49
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, 
Put Option or Early redemption option due to a tax event. The Maturity Date coincides with the 
last Interest Payment Date and is adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond 
issue in the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Principal amount: 
Outstanding amounts under the Loan from time to time. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an 
Exchange.  
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds 
held by that Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Put Option Event: 
 Means a Change of Control Event or a Share De-Listing Event 
 
 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if not 
already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, Put Option or Early redemption option due to a tax 
event.  
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed at the Maturity Date.  
 
Redemption Price is 100 per cent of Denomination – Each Bond. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be NIBOR or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates. 
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo.

--- Page 50 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
50
 
 
Share De-Listing 
event: 
Means: 
(a) prior to the Initial Reorganisation, the shares of the Initial Issuer cease to be listed on an 
Exchange and are not subsequently re-listed on another Exchange within 3 months of 
such de-listing; and 
(b) with effect from and including the date falling 10 Business Days after the Initial 
Reorganisation, the shares of the Parent cease to be listed on an Exchange and are not 
subsequently re-listed on another Exchange within 3 months of such de-listing, 
 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, it is made clear that from and including the Initial 
Reorganisation the shares in the Initial Issuer shall not be required to be listed (or re-listed) on 
any Exchange. 
 
Initial Reorganisation is defined in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or 
more occasions up until, but excluding, the Maturity Date or any earlier date when the Bonds 
have been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Bonds outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the aggregate 
nominal amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap 
issues under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus in order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the 
Additional Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN which, upon the approval of the 
supplement, will be converted into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The 
Bond Terms governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the 
Exchange and the Paying Agent once such supplement is approved. 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest 
period can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the 
Issue Date. 
  
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til Konvensjoner for det norske 
sertifikat- og obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Forening for finansfag in March 2022: 
https://finansfag.no/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/Rentekonvensjon_oppdatert2022.pdf  
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and condtions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any 
Bond Terms. If these general terms and conditions at any point in time no longer represents the correct 
understanding of the general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
Use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.4.2 Publication 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on 
Issuer’s website https://www.benchmarkplc.com, or on the Issuer's visit address, Highdown House, Yeoman Way, 
Worthing, West Sussex, BN99 3HH, United Kingdom, or their successor (s). 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement.

--- Page 51 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
51
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation 
Period Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal. 
 
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 
 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition 
of "Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of 
“Market Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 108,000. In addition, there is 
a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will 
be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between 
themselves.  
 
 
 
Further information about status of the bonds and security will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond 
Terms on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent 
provided for in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the Joint 
Bookrunner(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The Issuer is organized under 
the laws of England and Wales, including the Companies Act 1985 and the Companies Act 2006. 
 
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms

--- Page 52 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
52
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) 
before listing of the Bonds takes place. 
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a 
Bond Issue. 
 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus 
the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
 
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption.

--- Page 53 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
53
13.6 Rating 
 There are no credit ratings assigned to the Issuer at the request or with the cooperation of the Issuer. 
 
 There are no credit ratings assigned to the securities at the request or with the cooperation of the Issuer.   
 
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Appendix 3.

--- Page 54 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
54
14 Third party information  
 
14.1 Third party information 
Part of the information given in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party. It is hereby confirmed 
that the information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as Benchmark Holdings plc is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The following table lists such third parties:  
 
Kind of information 
Publicly available 
Name of 
third party 
Business 
address 
Qualifications 
Material 
interest in 
the 
Company 
The cost of lice, 
Iversen, Audun, 
Hermansen, Øystein, 
Nofima 2021 
No  
Nofima 
P.O. Box 6122, N-
9291 Tromsø, 
Norway 
Food research 
institute 
None 
Mowi Salmon 
Industry Handbook 
2022 
Yes 
(https://mowi.com/w
p-
content/uploads/202
2/07/2022-Salmon-
Industry-Handbook-
1.pdf)  
Mowi ASA 
P.O. Box 4102 
Sandviken, N-
5835 Bergen, 
Norway 
Seafood 
company 
None 
Seafood Source 
(2022) “Global 
Shrimp production to 
surpass 5 million MT 
in 2022, CP Food's 
Robin McIntosh 
predicts” 
Yes 
(https://www.seafoo
dsource.com/news/s
upply-trade/expert-
predicts-global-
shrimp-production-
will-exceed-5-
million-metric-tons-
for-first-time-in-
2022)  
SeafoodSo
urce 
c/o Diversified 
Communications 
The Brinell 
Building, 30 
Station Street 
Brighton, East 
Sussex 
United Kingdom 
BN1 4RB 
Online 
business tool 
None 
Direct sea lice costs 
per kilo of salmon 
produced in Norway 
(Nofima, 2021) 
multiplied with annual 
harvest volumes from 
Norwegian farmers 
(Kontali, 2021) 
Yes 
(https://www.kontali.
com/b/the-salmon-
farming-industry-in-
norway-2022-report) 
 
Kontali 
Nordmørsveien 
54, N-6517 
Kristiansund, 
Norway 
Independent 
provider of 
data and 
analyses for 
global 
aquaculture 
and fisheries 
None 
“Norwegian Fish 
Health Report 2021”, 
Norwegian Veterinary 
Institute (2021) 
Yes 
(https://www.vetinst.
no/rapporter-og-
publikasjoner/rappor
ter/2022/fish-health-
report-2021)  
Norwegian 
Veterinary 
Institute 
P.O. Box 64, N-
1431 Ås, Norway 
National 
biomedical 
institute 
None 
 
 
If not otherwise indicated, Benchmark Holdings plc is the source of any other information in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 55 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
55
Statements regarding Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the subjet of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves the template for Final Terms as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of the 
template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
securities.

--- Page 56 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
56
Cross Reference List  
 
Reference in 
Base 
Prospectus 
Refers to 
Details 
11.1 Historical 
Financial 
Information 
Consolidated Financial Statements, 
available at https://wp-benchmarkplc-
2022.s3.eu-west-
2.amazonaws.com/media/2021/09/Be
nchmark-AR2020_Final.pdf     
  
Accounting policies for the Company and the 
Group, pages 106-115, note 1. 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements, 
available at https://wp-benchmarkplc-
2022.s3.eu-west-
2.amazonaws.com/media/2021/09/Be
nchmark-AR2020_Final.pdf   
 
 
Benchmark Holdings plc: 
Company balance sheet, page 101 
Company statement of cash flow, page 105 
Notes, pages 106-158 
 
Group: 
Consolidated income statement, page 98 
Consolidated balance sheet, page 100 
Consolidated statement of cash flow, page 104 
Notes, pages 106-158 
11.2 Auditing of 
historical 
financial 
information 
Consolidated Financial Statements, 
available at https://wp-benchmarkplc-
2022.s3.eu-west-
2.amazonaws.com/media/2021/09/Be
nchmark-AR2020_Final.pdf  
Auditor’s report, pages 92-97 
 
 
References to the above mentioned documents are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. that the non- 
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the prospectus.

--- Page 57 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
57
Manager's disclaimer 
 
DNB Bank ASA, the Manager, has assisted the Company in preparing the Base Prospectus. The Manager has not 
verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and the Manager expressly disclaims any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection 
with the issuance or distribution of bonds by Benchmark Holdings plc.  
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Manager, available at their respective 
websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information between different parts of 
the Manager may prevent employees of the Manager who are preparing this Base Prospectus from utilizing or being 
aware of information available to the Manager and/or any of their affiliated companies and which may be relevant 
to the recipient's decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Manager, nor on 
any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment 
decision. 
 
Oslo, 31 March 2023 
 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
(www.dnb.no)

--- Page 58 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
58
Annex 1 Articles of Association for Benchmark Holdings 
plc

--- Page 59 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
 
 
 
Company Number: 04115910 
 
 
 
THE COMPANIES ACTS 1985 AND 1989 
 
 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
- of - 
BENCHMARK HOLDINGS PLC 
(Adopted on 18 December 2013 by Special Resolution passed on 18 November 2013, 
amended on 5 March 2015 and 12 March 2020 by Special Resolution) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Travers Smith LLP 
10 Snow Hill London EC1A 2AL 
www.traverssmith.com

--- Page 60 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
1. 
EXCLUSION OF OTHER REGULATIONS ............................................................................ 1 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION ............................................................................... 1 
3. 
REGISTERED OFFICE ............................................................................................................. 4 
4. 
LIMITED LIABIILTY ............................................................................................................... 5 
5. 
CHANGE OF NAME ................................................................................................................. 5 
6. 
SHARE CAPITAL ..................................................................................................................... 5 
7. 
VARIATION OF RIGHTS ......................................................................................................... 6 
8. 
SHARES IN UNCERTIFICATED FORM ................................................................................ 6 
9. 
SHARE CERTIFICATES ........................................................................................................... 8 
10. 
LIEN ........................................................................................................................................... 9 
11. 
CALLS ON SHARES ................................................................................................................. 9 
12. 
FORFEITURE .......................................................................................................................... 11 
13. 
TRANSFER OF SHARES ........................................................................................................ 12 
14. 
TRANSMISSION OF SHARES .............................................................................................. 13 
15. 
ALTERATION OF SHARE CAPITAL ................................................................................... 14 
16. 
PURCHASE OF OWN SHARES ............................................................................................. 14 
17. 
GENERAL MEETINGS ........................................................................................................... 14 
18. 
NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS ..................................................................................... 15 
19. 
PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS ........................................................................ 15 
20. 
VOTES OF MEMBERS ........................................................................................................... 18 
21. 
POWERS OF THE BOARD .................................................................................................... 25 
22. 
BORROWING POWERS ......................................................................................................... 26 
23. 
NUMBER AND QUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS .......................................................... 29 
24. 
ELECTION, APPOINTMENT AND RETIREMENT BY ROTATION ................................. 29 
25. 
RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS ............................................................ 30 
26. 
VACATION OF OFFICE ......................................................................................................... 31 
27. 
REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS ..................................................................................... 31 
28. 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE, MANAGING AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS ............................... 31 
29. 
ASSOCIATE AND OTHER DIRECTORS ............................................................................. 32 
30. 
DIRECTORS’ GRATUITIES AND PENSIONS ..................................................................... 33 
31. 
ALTERNATE DIRECTORS .................................................................................................... 33 
32. 
PROCEEDINGS OF THE BOARD ......................................................................................... 34 
33. 
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS ..................................................................................................... 35 
34. 
SECRETARY ........................................................................................................................... 39 
35. 
MINUTES ................................................................................................................................. 39 
36. 
THE SEAL ................................................................................................................................ 40 
37. 
ACCOUNTING RECORDS, BOOKS AND REGISTERS ..................................................... 41 
38. 
AUDIT ...................................................................................................................................... 41 
39. 
AUTHENTICATION OF DOCUMENTS ............................................................................... 41 
40. 
RECORD DATES .................................................................................................................... 42 
41. 
DIVIDENDS ............................................................................................................................. 42 
42. 
RESERVES .............................................................................................................................. 46 
43. 
CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS .......................................................................................... 46 
44. 
NOTICES .................................................................................................................................. 48 
45. 
UNTRACED MEMBERS ........................................................................................................ 52 
46. 
DESTRUCTION OF DOCUMENTS ....................................................................................... 53 
47. 
WINDING-UP .......................................................................................................................... 54 
48. 
PROVISION FOR EMPLOYEES ............................................................................................ 54 
49. 
INDEMNITY ............................................................................................................................ 55 
50. 
INSURANCE ............................................................................................................................ 55

--- Page 61 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
1 
0 XXX 0000 00:00 
 
THE COMPANIES ACTS 1985 AND 1989 
ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION 
- of - 
BENCHMARK HOLDINGS PLC 
(Adopted on 18 December 2013 by Special Resolution passed on 18 November 2013, amended 
on 5 March 2015 and 12 March 2020 by Special Resolution) 
_____________________________________________________ 
1. 
EXCLUSION OF OTHER REGULATIONS 
1.1 
This document comprises the Articles of Association of the Company and no regulations set 
out in any statute or statutory instrument concerning companies shall apply as Articles of 
Association of the Company. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
In these Articles the following expressions have the following meanings unless the context 
otherwise requires: 
Act 
the Companies Act 2006. 
address 
in relation to electronic communications, includes any 
number or address (including, in the case of any 
Uncertificated 
Proxy 
Instruction 
permitted 
in 
accordance with these Articles, an identification 
number of a participant in the relevant system 
concerned) 
used 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
such 
communications. 
Articles 
these Articles of Association as altered from time to 
time. 
auditors 
the auditors for the time being of the Company. 
Board 
the board of directors of the Company or the 
Directors present at a duly convened meeting of the 
Directors at which a quorum is present. 
clear days 
in relation to the period of a notice, that period 
calculated in accordance with section 360 of the Act. 
communication 
has the same meaning as in section 15 of the 
Electronic Communications Act.

--- Page 62 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
2 
 
 
Company 
Benchmark Holdings plc. 
Company’s website 
the web sites, operated or controlled by the Company, 
which contain information about the Company in 
accordance with the Statutes. 
competent authority 
the designated competent authority for the purposes 
of Part VI of the FSMA. 
Directors 
the directors of the Company for the time being. 
elected 
elected or re-elected. 
electronic communication 
has the same meaning as in section 15 of the 
Electronic Communications Act. 
Electronic Communications Act 
the Electronic Communications Act 2000 (as 
amended from time to time). 
FSMA 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended from time to time). 
group 
the Company and its subsidiary undertakings for the 
time being. 
holder 
in relation to shares, the member whose name is 
entered in the register as the holder of the shares. 
in electronic form 
in a form specified by section 1168(3) of the Act and 
otherwise complying with the provisions of that 
section. 
London Stock Exchange 
London Stock Exchange plc. 
member 
a member of the Company. 
month 
calendar month. 
office 
the registered office for the time being of the 
Company. 
Operator 
a person approved under the Regulations as Operator 
of a relevant system. 
paid up 
paid up or credited as paid up. 
recognised person 
a recognised clearing house acting in relation to a 
recognised investment exchange, or a nominee of a

--- Page 63 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
3 
 
 
recognised clearing house acting in that way, or a 
nominee of a recognised investment exchange. 
register 
the register of members of the Company and shall, so 
long as the Regulations so permit or require, include 
so far as relevant a related Operator register of 
members. 
Regulations 
the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 (SI 
2001 No. 3755) (as amended from time to time). 
secretary 
the secretary of the Company or any other person 
appointed to perform any of the duties of the 
secretary of the Company including a joint, 
temporary, assistant or deputy secretary. 
Shareholder Information 
notices, documents or information which the 
Company wishes or is required to communicate to 
shareholders including, without limitation, annual 
reports and accounts, interim financial statements, 
summary financial statements, notices of meetings 
and proxy forms. 
Statutes 
the Act and every other statute (including any orders, 
regulations or other subordinate legislation made 
under them) for the time being in force concerning 
companies and affecting the Company (including, 
without limitation, the Electronic Communications 
Act). 
Uncertificated Proxy Instruction 
a properly authenticated dematerialised instruction, 
and/or other instruction or notification, which is sent 
by means of the relevant system concerned and 
received by such participant in that system acting on 
behalf of the Company as the Directors may 
prescribe, in such form and subject to such terms and 
conditions as may from time to time be prescribed by 
the Directors (subject always to the facilities and 
requirements of the relevant system concerned). 
United Kingdom 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
website communication 
the publication of a notice or other Shareholder 
Information on the Company’s website in accordance 
with Part 4 of Schedule 5 to the Act.

--- Page 64 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
4 
 
 
year 
calendar year. 
2.2 
References to "writing" include references to printing, typewriting, lithography, 
photography and any other mode or modes of presenting or reproducing words in a visible 
and non-transitory form. 
2.3 
Words importing one gender shall (where appropriate) include any other gender and words 
importing the singular shall (where appropriate) include the plural and vice versa. 
2.4 
Any words or expressions defined in the Act, the Electronic Communications Act or the 
Regulations shall, if not inconsistent with the subject or context and unless otherwise 
expressly defined in these Articles, bear the same meaning in these Articles save that the 
word "company" shall include any body corporate. 
2.5 
References to: 
2.5.1 
"mental disorder" mean mental disorder as defined in section 1 of the 
Mental Health Act 1983 or the Mental Health (Scotland) Act 1984 (as 
the case may be); 
2.5.2 
any statute, regulation or any section or provision of any statute or 
regulation, if consistent with the subject or context, shall include any 
corresponding or substituted statute, regulation or section or provision 
of any amending, consolidating or replacement statute or regulation; 
2.5.3 
"executed" include any mode of execution; 
2.5.4 
an Article by number are to a particular Article of these Articles; 
2.5.5 
a "meeting" shall be taken as not requiring more than one person to be 
present if any quorum requirement can be satisfied by one person; 
2.5.6 
a "person" include references to a body corporate and to an 
unincorporated body of persons; 
2.5.7 
a share (or to a holding of shares) being in uncertificated form or in 
certificated form are references respectively to that share being an 
uncertificated unit of a security or a certificated unit of a security; and 
2.5.8 
a "cash memorandum account" are to an account so designated by 
the Operator of the relevant system concerned. 
3. 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
3.1 
The Company’s registered office is to be situated in England and Wales.

--- Page 65 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
5 
 
 
4. 
LIMITED LIABIILTY 
4.1 
The liability of the members is limited. 
5. 
CHANGE OF NAME 
5.1 
The Company may change its registered name in accordance with the Statutes. 
6. 
SHARE CAPITAL 
6.1 
Subject to the provisions of the Statutes and without prejudice to the rights attaching to any 
existing shares or class of shares, any share may be issued with such preferred, deferred or 
other special rights or such restrictions as the Company may from time to time by ordinary 
resolution determine or, if the Company has not so determined, as the Directors may 
determine. 
6.2 
Subject to the provisions of these Articles and to the Statutes and without prejudice to the 
rights attaching to any existing shares or class of shares, the Board may offer, allot (with or 
without a right of renunciation), issue, grant options over or otherwise deal with or dispose 
of shares to such persons, at such time and for such consideration and upon such terms and 
conditions as the Board may determine. 
6.3 
The Company may exercise the powers of paying commissions conferred by the Statutes.  
Subject to the provisions of the Statutes, any such commission may be satisfied by the 
payment of cash or by the allotment of fully or partly paid shares or partly in one way and 
partly in the other.  The Company may also on any issue of shares pay such brokerage as 
may be lawful. 
6.4 
Subject to the provisions of the Statutes and to any rights conferred on the holders of any 
other shares, shares may be issued on terms that they are, at the option of the Company or a 
member, liable to be redeemed on such terms and in such manner as may be determined by 
the Board (such terms to be determined before the shares are allotted). 
6.5 
Except as required by law, no person shall be recognised by the Company as holding any 
share upon any trust, and (except as otherwise provided by these Articles or by law) the 
Company shall not be bound by or compelled in any way to recognise any interest in any 
share, except an absolute right to the entirety thereof in the holder. 
6.6 
The Company may give financial assistance for the acquisition of shares in the Company to 
the extent that it is not restricted by the Statutes.

--- Page 66 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
6 
 
 
7. 
VARIATION OF RIGHTS 
7.1 
Subject to the provisions of the Statutes, whenever the capital of the Company is divided 
into different classes of shares, the rights attached to any class may (unless otherwise 
provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class) be varied or abrogated, whether or 
not the Company is being wound up, either with the consent in writing of the holders of not 
less than three-quarters in nominal amount of the issued shares of the affected class, or with 
the sanction of a special resolution passed at a separate general meeting of the holders of 
shares of that class (but not otherwise). 
7.2 
All the provisions of these Articles relating to general meetings shall, mutatis mutandis, 
apply to every such separate general meeting, except that: 
7.2.1 
the necessary quorum at any such meeting other than an adjourned 
meeting shall be two persons holding or representing by proxy at least 
one-third in nominal amount of the issued shares of the class in 
question and at an adjourned meeting one person holding shares of the 
class in question or his proxy; 
7.2.2 
any holder of shares of the class in question present in person or by 
proxy may demand a poll; and 
7.2.3 
the holder of shares of the class in question shall, on a poll, have one 
vote in respect of every share of such class held by him. 
7.3 
Subject to the terms on which any shares may be issued, the rights or privileges attached to 
any class of shares in the capital of the Company shall be deemed not to be varied or 
abrogated by the creation or issue of any new shares ranking pari passu in all respects (save 
as to the date from which such new shares shall rank for dividend) with or subsequent to 
those already issued or by any purchase by the Company of its own shares. 
7.4 
The provisions of Articles 7.1 to 7.2 shall apply to the variation or abrogation of the special 
rights attached to some only of the shares of any class as if such group of shares of the class 
differently treated formed a separate class. 
8. 
SHARES IN UNCERTIFICATED FORM 
8.1 
The Directors shall have power to implement such arrangements as they may, in their 
absolute discretion, think fit in order for any class of shares to be a participating security 
(subject always to the Regulations and the facilities and requirements of the relevant system 
concerned).  Where they do so, Articles 8.2 and 8.3 shall come into effect immediately prior 
to the time at which the Operator of the relevant system concerned permits the class of 
shares concerned to be a participating security.

--- Page 67 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
7 
 
 
8.2 
In relation to any class of shares which is, for the time being, a participating security, and for 
so long as such class remains a participating security, no provision of these Articles shall 
apply or have effect to the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent with: 
8.2.1 
the holding of shares of that class in uncertificated form; 
8.2.2 
the transfer of title to shares of that class by means of a relevant 
system; or 
8.2.3 
the Regulations, 
and, without prejudice to the generality of this Article, no provision of these Articles shall 
apply or have effect to the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent with the maintenance, 
keeping or entering up by the Operator, so long as that is permitted or required by the 
Regulations, of an Operator register of securities in respect of shares of that class in 
uncertificated form. 
8.3 
Without prejudice to the generality of Article 8.2 and notwithstanding anything contained in 
these Articles, where any class of shares is, for the time being, a participating security (such 
class being referred to in these Articles as the "Relevant Class"): 
8.3.1 
the register relating to the Relevant Class shall be maintained at all 
times in the United Kingdom; 
8.3.2 
shares of the Relevant Class may be issued in uncertificated form in 
accordance with and subject as provided in the Regulations; 
8.3.3 
unless the Directors otherwise determine, shares of the Relevant Class 
held by the same holder or joint holder in certificated form and 
uncertificated form shall be treated as separate holdings; 
8.3.4 
shares of the Relevant Class may be changed from uncertificated to 
certificated form, and from certificated to uncertificated form, in 
accordance with and subject as provided in the Regulations; 
8.3.5 
title to shares of the Relevant Class which are recorded on the register 
as being held in uncertificated form may be transferred by means of the 
relevant system concerned and accordingly (and in particular) Articles 
13.1 and 13.2 shall not apply in respect of such shares to the extent that 
those Articles require or contemplate the effecting of a transfer by an 
instrument in writing and the production of a certificate for the share to 
be transferred; 
8.3.6 
the Company shall comply with the provisions of Regulations 25 and 
26 in relation to the Relevant Class;

--- Page 68 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
8 
 
 
8.3.7 
the provisions of these Articles with respect to meetings of or including 
holders of the Relevant Class, including notices of such meetings, shall 
have effect subject to the provisions of Regulation 41; and 
8.3.8 
Articles 9.1 to 9.4 shall not apply so as to require the Company to issue 
a certificate to any person holding shares of the Relevant Class in 
uncertificated form. 
8.4 
The Company shall be entitled to assume that the entries on any record of securities 
maintained by it in accordance with the Regulations and regularly reconciled with the 
relevant Operator register of securities are a complete and accurate reproduction of the 
particulars entered in the Operator register of securities and shall accordingly not be liable in 
respect of any act or thing done or omitted to be done by or on behalf of the Company in 
reliance upon such assumption; in particular, any provision of these Articles which requires 
or envisages that action will be taken in reliance on information contained in the register 
shall be construed to permit that action to be taken in reliance on information contained in 
any relevant record of securities (as so maintained and reconciled). 
9. 
SHARE CERTIFICATES 
9.1 
Subject to these Articles and the provisions of the Regulations every person (except a person 
in respect of whom the Company is not by law required to complete and have ready for 
delivery a certificate) whose name is entered as a holder of any share in the register shall be 
entitled without payment to receive one certificate in respect of each class of shares held by 
him or, with the consent of the Board and upon payment of such reasonable out-of-pocket 
expenses for every certificate after the first as the Board shall determine, several certificates, 
each for one or more of his shares.  Shares of different classes may not be included in the 
same certificate. 
9.2 
Where a holder of any share (except a recognised person) has transferred a part of the shares 
comprised in his holding, he shall be entitled to a certificate for the balance without charge. 
9.3 
Any two or more certificates representing shares of any one class held by any member may 
at his request be cancelled and a single new certificate for such shares issued in lieu without 
charge. 
9.4 
The Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate for shares held jointly by 
several persons and delivery of a certificate to the joint holder who is named first in the 
register shall be a sufficient delivery to all of them. 
9.5 
In the case of shares held jointly by several persons, any such request mentioned in Articles 
9.1, 9.2 or 9.3 may only be made by the joint holder who is named first in the register. 
9.6 
Every certificate shall be executed by the Company in such manner as the Board, having 
regard to the Statutes and the listing requirements of the competent authority, may authorise.

--- Page 69 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
9 
 
 
Every certificate shall specify the number, class and distinguishing number (if any) of the 
shares to which it relates and the nominal value of and the amount paid up on each share. 
9.7 
The Board may by resolution decide, either generally or in any particular case or cases, that 
any signatures on any certificates for shares or any other form of security at any time issued 
by the Company need not be autographic but may be applied to the certificates by some 
mechanical means or may be printed on them or that the certificates need not be signed by 
any person. 
9.8 
If a share certificate is worn out, defaced, lost or destroyed, it may be replaced without 
charge (other than exceptional out-of-pocket expenses) and otherwise on such terms (if any) 
as to evidence and/or indemnity (with or without security) as the Board may require.  In the 
case where the certificate is worn out or defaced, it may be renewed only upon delivery of 
the certificate to the Company. 
10. 
LIEN 
10.1 
The Company shall have a first and paramount lien on every share (not being a fully paid 
share) for all money (whether presently due or not) payable in respect of that share.  The 
Company’s lien over a share extends to any dividend and (if the lien is enforced and the 
share is sold by the Company) the proceeds of sale of that share.  The Board may at any time 
declare any share to be wholly or in part exempt from the provisions of this Article. 
10.2 
The Company may sell, in such manner as the Board decides, any shares on which the 
Company has a lien, if a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable and is 
not paid within 14 clear days after notice in writing has been served on the holder of the 
shares in question or the person entitled to such shares by reason of death or bankruptcy of 
the holder or otherwise by operation of law, demanding payment of the sum presently 
payable and stating that if the notice is not complied with the shares may be sold. 
10.3 
To give effect to any such sale, the Board may authorise such person as it directs to execute 
any instrument of transfer of the shares sold to, or in accordance with the directions of, the 
purchaser.  The title of the transferee to the shares shall not be affected by any irregularity in 
or invalidity of the proceedings relating to the sale, and he shall not be bound to see to the 
application of the purchase money. 
10.4 
The net proceeds of the sale, after payment of the costs of such sale, shall be applied in or 
towards satisfaction of the liability in respect of which the lien exists so far as the same is 
presently payable, and any residue shall (upon surrender to the Company for cancellation of 
the certificate for the shares sold (where applicable) and subject to a like lien for any monies 
not presently payable or any liability or engagement not likely to be presently fulfilled or 
discharged as existed upon the shares before the sale) be paid to the holder of (or person 
entitled by transmission to) the shares immediately before the sale. 
11. 
CALLS ON SHARES

--- Page 70 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
10 
 
 
11.1 
Subject to the terms of allotment of any shares, the Board may send a notice and make calls 
upon the members in respect of any monies unpaid on their shares (whether in respect of the 
nominal value of the shares or by way of premium) provided that (subject as aforesaid) no 
call on any share shall be payable within one month from the date fixed for the payment of 
the last preceding call and that at least 14 clear days’ notice from the date the notice is sent 
shall be given of every call specifying the time or times, place of payment and the amount 
called on the members’ shares.  A call may be revoked in whole or in part or the time fixed 
for its payment postponed in whole or in part by the Board at any time before receipt by the 
Company of the sum due thereunder. 
11.2 
A call may be made payable by instalments. 
11.3 
The joint holders of a share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect of 
the share. 
11.4 
Each member shall pay to the Company, at the time and place of payment specified in the 
notice of the call, the amount called on his shares.  A person on whom a call is made will 
remain liable for calls made upon him, notwithstanding the subsequent transfer of the shares 
in respect of which the call was made. 
11.5 
If a sum called in respect of a share shall not be paid before or on the day appointed for 
payment, the person from whom the sum is due shall pay interest on the sum from the day 
fixed for payment to the time of actual payment at such rate, not exceeding 5 per cent. above 
the base lending rate per annum most recently set by the Monetary Policy Committee of the 
Bank of England, as the Board may decide, together with all expenses that may have been 
incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment, but the Board may waive 
payment of interest and such expenses wholly or in part.  No dividend or other payment or 
distribution in respect of any such share shall be paid or distributed and no other rights 
which would otherwise normally be exercisable in accordance with these Articles may be 
exercised by a holder of any such share so long as any such sum or any interest or expenses 
payable in accordance with this Article in relation thereto remains due. 
11.6 
Any sum which becomes payable by the terms of allotment of a share, whether on allotment 
or on any other fixed date or as an instalment of a call and whether on account of the 
nominal value of the share or by way of premium, shall for the purposes of these Articles be 
deemed to be a call duly made, notified and payable on the date on which, by the terms of 
allotment or in the notice of the call, it becomes payable.  In the case of non-payment, all the 
provisions of these Articles relating to payment of interest and expenses, forfeiture and 
otherwise shall apply as if such sum had become payable by virtue of a call duly made and 
notified. 
11.7 
The Board may, if it thinks fit, receive from any member willing to advance it all or any part 
of the money (whether on account of the nominal value of the shares or by way of premium) 
uncalled and unpaid upon any shares held by him, and may pay upon all or any part of the 
money so advanced (until it would but for the advance become presently payable) interest at

--- Page 71 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
11 
 
 
such rate (if any) not exceeding 5 per cent. above the base lending rate per annum most 
recently set by the Monetary Policy Committee of the Bank of England, as the Board may 
decide.  No sum paid in advance of calls shall entitle the holder of a share to any portion of a 
dividend or other payment or distribution subsequently declared in respect of any period 
prior to the date upon which such sum would, but for such payment, become presently 
payable. 
11.8 
The Board may on the allotment of shares differentiate between the allottees or holders as to 
the amount of calls to be paid and the times of payment. 
12. 
FORFEITURE 
12.1 
If a member fails to pay the whole or any part of any call or instalment of a call on the day 
fixed for payment, the Board may, at any time thereafter during such time as any part of 
such call or instalment remains unpaid, serve a notice on him requiring payment of so much 
of the call or instalment as is unpaid, together with any accrued interest and any costs, 
charges and expenses incurred by the Company by reason of the non-payment. 
12.2 
The notice shall fix a further day (not being less than seven clear days from the date of the 
notice) on or before which, and the place where, the payment required by the notice is to be 
made, and shall state that, in the event of non-payment at or before the time and at the place 
specified, the shares on which the call was made will be liable to be forfeited.  The Board 
may accept the surrender of any share liable to be forfeited upon such terms and conditions 
as may be agreed and, subject to any such terms and conditions, a surrendered share shall be 
treated as if it had been forfeited. 
12.3 
If the requirements of the notice are not complied with, any share in respect of which the 
notice has been given may, at any time before the payments required by the notice have 
been made, be forfeited by a resolution of the Board to that effect.  Every forfeiture shall 
include all dividends and other payments or distributions declared in respect of the forfeited 
shares and not paid or distributed before forfeiture.  Forfeiture shall be deemed to occur at 
the time of the passing of the said resolution of the Board. 
12.4 
Subject to the provisions of the Statutes, a forfeited share shall be deemed to be the property 
of the Company and may be sold, reallotted or otherwise disposed of upon such terms and in 
such manner as the Board decides, either to the person who was before the forfeiture the 
holder or to any other person, and at any time before sale, reallotment or other disposition 
the forfeiture may be cancelled on such terms as the Board decides.  The Company shall not 
exercise any voting rights in respect of such a share.  Where for the purposes of its disposal 
a forfeited share is to be transferred to any person, the Board may authorise a person to 
execute an instrument of transfer of the share. 
12.5 
When any share has been forfeited, notice of the forfeiture shall be served upon the person 
who was before forfeiture the holder, or the person entitled to the share by transmission, and 
an entry of the forfeiture, with the date of the forfeiture, shall be entered in the register, but 
no forfeiture shall be invalidated by any failure to give such notice or make such entry.

--- Page 72 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
12 
 
 
12.6 
A person, any of whose shares have been forfeited, shall cease to be a member in respect of 
the forfeited shares and shall surrender to the Company for cancellation the certificate for 
the shares forfeited, but shall, notwithstanding the forfeiture, remain liable to pay to the 
Company all money which at the date of forfeiture was then payable by him to the Company 
in respect of the shares, with interest on such money at such rate not exceeding 5 per cent. 
above the base lending rate per annum most recently set by the Monetary Policy Committee 
of the Bank of England, as the Board may decide, from the date of forfeiture until payment.  
The Board may, if it thinks fit, waive the payment of all or part of such money and/or the 
interest payable thereon. 
12.7 
A statutory declaration by a Director or the secretary that a share has been duly forfeited or 
surrendered on a specified date shall be conclusive evidence of the facts stated in it as 
against all persons claiming to be entitled to the share.  The statutory declaration shall 
(subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer, if necessary) constitute a good title to 
the share and the person to whom the share is disposed of shall not be bound to see to the 
application of the consideration (if any) nor shall his title to the share be affected by any 
irregularity in or invalidity of the proceedings in reference to the forfeiture, surrender, sale, 
reallotment or disposal of the share. 
12.8 
If the Company sells a forfeited share, the person who held it prior to its forfeiture is entitled 
to receive from the Company the proceeds of such sale, net of any commission, and 
excluding any amount which was, or would have become, payable and had not, when that 
share was forfeited, been paid by that person in respect of that share, but no interest is 
payable to such person in respect of such proceeds and the Company is not required to 
account for any money earned on them. 
13. 
TRANSFER OF SHARES 
13.1 
The instrument of transfer of a share may be in any usual form or in any other form which 
the Board may approve. 
13.2 
The instrument of transfer of a share shall be executed by or on behalf of the transferor and 
(in the case of a partly paid share) by or on behalf of the transferee.  The transferor shall be 
deemed to remain the holder until the name of the transferee is entered in the register. 
13.3 
The Board may refuse to register any transfer of shares, unless: 
13.3.1 
the instrument of transfer is lodged (duly stamped if the Statutes so 
require) at the office or at such other place as the Board may appoint, 
accompanied by the certificate for the shares to which it relates and 
such other evidence (if any) as the Board may reasonably require to 
show the right of the transferor to make the transfer (and, if the 
instrument of transfer is executed by some other person on his behalf, 
the authority of that person to do so) provided that, in the case of a 
transfer by a recognised person where a certificate has not been issued

--- Page 73 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
13 
 
 
in respect of the share, the lodgment of share certificates shall not be 
necessary; 
13.3.2 
the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of share; and 
13.3.3 
in the case of a transfer to joint holders, they do not exceed four in 
number. 
13.4 
The Company shall be entitled to retain any instrument of transfer which is registered, but 
any instrument of transfer which the Board refuses to register (except in the case of fraud) 
shall be returned to the person lodging it when notice of the refusal is given. 
13.5 
If the Board refuses to register a transfer, it shall within two months after the date on which 
the instrument of transfer was lodged with the Company (or in the case of uncertificated 
shares the date on which the Operator-instruction was received) send to the transferee notice 
of, together with the reasons for, the refusal. 
13.6 
No fee shall be payable to the Company for the registration of any transfer or any other 
document relating to or affecting the title to any share or for making any entry in the register 
affecting the title to any share. 
13.7 
Nothing in these Articles shall preclude the Directors from recognising a renunciation of the 
allotment of any share by the allottee in favour of some other person. 
14. 
TRANSMISSION OF SHARES 
14.1 
If a member dies, the survivor or survivors where he was a joint holder and his personal 
representatives where he was a sole holder or the only survivor of joint holders shall be the 
only person(s) recognised by the Company as having any title to his shares, but nothing 
contained in these Articles shall release the estate of a deceased member from any liability 
in respect of any share held by him solely or jointly with other persons. 
14.2 
Any person becoming entitled to a share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a 
member or by operation of law may, upon such evidence as to his title being produced as 
may be reasonably required by the Board and subject to these Articles, elect either to be 
registered as the holder of the share or to have a person nominated by him registered as the 
holder.  If the person elects to become the holder, he shall give notice in writing to that 
effect.  If the person elects to have another person registered, he shall execute an instrument 
of transfer of the share to that person.  All the provisions of these Articles relating to the 
transfer of shares shall apply to the notice or instrument of transfer as if the death or 
bankruptcy of the member or other event giving rise to the transmission had not occurred 
and the notice or instrument of transfer were an instrument of transfer executed by the 
member. 
14.3 
Any person becoming entitled to a share in consequence of the death or bankruptcy of a 
member or by operation of law shall, subject to the requirements of these Articles and to the

--- Page 74 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
14 
 
 
provisions of this Article, be entitled to receive, and may give a good discharge for, all 
dividends and other money payable in respect of the share, but he shall not be entitled to 
receive notice of or to attend or vote at meetings of the Company or at any separate 
meetings of the holders of any class of shares or to any of the rights or privileges of a 
member until he shall have become a holder in respect of the share in question.  The Board 
may at any time give notice requiring any such person to elect either to be registered or to 
transfer the share, and if the notice is not complied with within 60 days, the Board may 
withhold payment of all dividends and other distributions and payments declared in respect 
of the share until the requirements of the notice have been complied with. 
15. 
ALTERATION OF SHARE CAPITAL 
15.1 
The Company may by ordinary resolution alter its share capital in accordance with the Act. 
15.2 
A resolution to sub-divide shares may determine that, as between the holders of such shares 
resulting from the sub-division, any of them may have any preference or advantage or be 
subject to any restriction as compared with the others. 
15.3 
Whenever as a result of a consolidation of shares any members would become entitled to 
fractions of a share, the Board may deal with the fractions as it thinks fit and in particular, 
but without limitation, may, on behalf of those members, sell the shares representing the 
fractions for the best price reasonably obtainable to any person (including, subject to the 
provisions of the Statutes, the Company) and distribute the net proceeds of sale (subject to 
retention by the Company of amounts not exceeding £3, the cost of distribution of which 
would be disproportionate to the amounts involved) in due proportion among those 
members, and the Board may authorise a person to execute an instrument of transfer of the 
shares to, or in accordance with the directions of, the purchaser.  The transferee shall not be 
bound to see to the application of the purchase money nor shall his title to the shares be 
affected by any irregularity in or invalidity of the proceedings relating to the sale. 
16. 
PURCHASE OF OWN SHARES 
16.1 
On any purchase by the Company of its own shares, neither the Company nor the Board 
shall be required to select the shares to be purchased rateably or in any manner as between 
the holders of shares of the same class or as between them and the holders of shares of any 
other class or in accordance with the rights as to dividends or capital conferred by any class 
of shares. 
17. 
GENERAL MEETINGS 
17.1 
The Company shall hold an annual general meeting which shall be convened by the Board 
in accordance with the Statutes. 
17.2 
The Board may call a general meeting whenever it thinks fit and, on the requisition of 
members in accordance with the Act, it shall proceed to convene a general meeting for a 
date not more than 28 days after the date of the notice convening the meeting.  If there are

--- Page 75 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
15 
 
 
not within the United Kingdom sufficient Directors to call a general meeting, any Director 
or, if there is no Director within the United Kingdom, any member of the Company may call 
a general meeting. 
18. 
NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETINGS 
18.1 
An annual general meeting shall be called by at least 21 clear days’ notice in writing.  All 
other general meetings shall be called by at least 14 clear days’ notice in writing.  The notice 
shall specify: 
18.1.1 
if the meeting is an annual general meeting, that the meeting is an 
annual general meeting; 
18.1.2 
the day, time and place of the meeting; 
18.1.3 
the general nature of the business to be transacted; 
18.1.4 
if the meeting is convened to consider a special resolution, the intention 
to propose the resolution as such; and 
18.1.5 
with reasonable prominence, that a member entitled to attend and vote 
is entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend, to speak and to vote 
instead of him and that a proxy need not also be a member. 
18.2 
Subject to the provisions of these Articles, to the rights attaching to any class of shares and 
to any restriction imposed on any holder, notice of any general meeting shall be given to all 
members, the Directors and (in the case of an annual general meeting) the auditors. 
18.3 
The accidental omission to send a notice of any meeting, or notice of a resolution to be 
moved at a meeting or (where forms of proxy are sent out with notices) to send a form of 
proxy with a notice to any person entitled to receive the same, or the non-receipt of a notice 
of any meeting or a form of proxy by such a person, shall not invalidate the proceedings at 
the meeting. 
18.4 
The Board may postpone a general meeting if they deem it necessary to do so.  Notice of 
such postponement shall be given in accordance with these Articles. 
19. 
PROCEEDINGS AT GENERAL MEETINGS 
19.1 
No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum is present but the 
absence of a quorum shall not preclude the choice or appointment of a chairman in 
accordance with these Articles (which shall not be treated as part of the business of the 
meeting).  Subject to Article 19.2, two members present in person being either members or 
representatives (in the case of a corporate member) or proxies appointed by members in 
relation to the meeting and entitled to vote shall be a quorum for all purposes.

--- Page 76 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
16 
 
 
19.2 
If within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting a quorum is not present or if during a 
meeting a quorum ceases to be present, the meeting, if convened on the requisition of 
members, shall be dissolved and in any other case it shall stand adjourned to such day and to 
such time and place (being not less than 14 nor more than 28 days thereafter) as may be 
fixed by the chairman of the meeting.  At such adjourned meeting a quorum shall be two 
persons present in person being either members or representatives (in the case of a corporate 
member) or proxies appointed by members in relation to the meeting and entitled to vote.  If 
within 15 minutes from the time fixed for holding an adjourned meeting a quorum is not 
present or if during an adjourned meeting a quorum ceases to be present, the adjourned 
meeting shall be dissolved.  The Company shall give at least 10 clear days’ notice (in any 
manner in which notice of a meeting may lawfully be given from time to time) of any 
meeting adjourned through lack of a quorum and such notice shall state the quorum 
requirement. 
19.3 
The chairman of the Board or in his absence the deputy chairman shall preside as chairman 
at every general meeting of the Company.  If there is no such chairman or deputy chairman 
or if at any meeting neither the chairman nor the deputy chairman is present within 15 
minutes from the time fixed for holding the meeting or if neither is willing to act as 
chairman of the meeting, the Directors present shall choose one of their number, or if no 
Director is present or if all the Directors present decline to take the chair, the members 
present in person or by proxy or by corporate representative and entitled to vote shall choose 
one of their number to be chairman of the meeting. 
19.4 
The Board may implement at general meetings of the Company, such security arrangements 
as it shall think appropriate to which members, representatives (in the case of corporate 
members) and their proxies shall be subject.  The Board shall be entitled to refuse entry to 
the meeting to any such member, representative or proxy who fails to comply with such 
security arrangements. 
19.5 
The chairman of each general meeting of the Company may take such action as he considers 
appropriate to permit the orderly conduct of the business of the meeting as set out in the 
notice of the meeting. 
19.6 
The chairman of a meeting at which a quorum is present may, without prejudice to any other 
power of adjournment which he may have under these Articles or at common law, with the 
consent of the meeting (and shall if so directed by the meeting), adjourn the meeting from 
time to time (or indefinitely) and from place to place.  No business shall be transacted at any 
adjourned meeting except business left unfinished at the meeting from which the 
adjournment took place.  Where a meeting is adjourned for an indefinite period, the time and 
place for the adjourned meeting shall be fixed by the Board.  Whenever a meeting is 
adjourned for 14 days or more or for an indefinite period, at least seven clear days’ notice, 
specifying the place, the day and the time of the adjourned meeting and the general nature of 
the business to be transacted, shall be given (in any manner in which notice of a meeting 
may lawfully be given from time to time).  Save as provided in these Articles, it shall not

--- Page 77 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
17 
 
 
otherwise be necessary to give any notice of an adjournment or of the business to be 
transacted at an adjourned meeting. 
19.7 
If it appears to the chairman that the meeting place specified in the notice convening the 
meeting is inadequate to accommodate all members entitled and wishing to attend, the 
meeting shall nevertheless be duly constituted and its proceedings valid provided that the 
chairman is satisfied that adequate facilities are available to ensure that any member who is 
unable to be accommodated is nonetheless able to participate in the business for which the 
meeting has been convened and to hear and see all persons present who speak (whether by 
the use of microphones, loudspeakers, audiovisual communication equipment or otherwise), 
whether in the meeting place or elsewhere, and to be heard and seen by all other persons so 
present in the same manner. 
19.8 
At any general meeting, a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a 
show of hands unless, before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands or on 
the withdrawal of any other due demand for a poll, a poll is duly demanded.  Subject to the 
provisions of the Statutes, a poll may be demanded: 
19.8.1 
by the chairman of the meeting; or 
19.8.2 
by at least five members present all of whom are either members or 
proxies or representatives (in the case of a corporate member) and 
entitled to vote on the resolution; or 
19.8.3 
by any member or members present in person or by proxy or by 
representative (in the case of a corporate member) and representing not 
less than one-tenth of the total voting rights of all the members having 
the right to vote at the meeting (excluding any voting rights attached to 
any shares in the Company held as treasury shares); or 
19.8.4 
by a member or members present in person or by proxy or by 
representative (in the case of a corporate member) holding shares in the 
Company conferring a right to vote on the resolution, being shares on 
which an aggregate sum has been paid up equal to not less than one-
tenth of the total sum paid up on all the shares conferring that right 
(excluding shares in the Company conferring a right to vote on the 
resolution which are held as treasury shares). 
19.9 
Unless a poll is so demanded, a declaration by the chairman of the meeting that a resolution 
has on a show of hands been carried, or carried unanimously, or by a particular majority, or 
lost, and an entry to that effect in the minute book, shall be conclusive evidence of the fact, 
without proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against such 
resolution. 
19.10 
If a poll is duly demanded, it shall be taken in such manner as the chairman of the meeting 
may direct.  The chairman may appoint scrutineers (who need not be members) and fix a

--- Page 78 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
18 
 
 
time and place for declaring the result of the poll.  The result of a poll shall be the decision 
of the meeting in respect of which it was demanded. 
19.11 
A poll demanded on the election of the chairman of a meeting or on a question of 
adjournment shall be taken forthwith.  A poll demanded on any other question shall be taken 
at such time and place as the chairman of the meeting directs, but in any case not more than 
28 days after the meeting at which the poll was demanded.  Any business other than that 
upon which a poll has been demanded may be proceeded with pending the completion of the 
poll.  The demand for a poll may be withdrawn at any time before the poll is taken.  If a poll 
is demanded before the declaration of the result of a show of hands and the demand is 
subsequently duly withdrawn, the meeting shall continue as if the demand had not been 
made.  No notice need be given of a poll not taken forthwith if the time and place at which it 
is to be taken are announced at the meeting at which it is demanded.  In any other case, at 
least seven clear days’ notice shall be given (in any manner in which notice of a meeting 
may lawfully be given from time to time) specifying the time and place at which the poll is 
to be taken. 
19.12 
A Director shall, notwithstanding that he is not a member, be entitled to attend and speak at 
any general meeting and at any separate meeting of the holders of any class of shares in the 
Company. 
20. 
VOTES OF MEMBERS 
20.1 
Subject to any terms as to voting upon which any shares may be issued or may for the time 
being be held the total number of votes a member present in person or (being a corporation) 
who is present by a duly authorised representative or a proxy for a member has on a show of 
hands shall be determined in accordance with the Act.  On a poll every member present in 
person or by proxy or by representative (in the case of a corporate member) shall have one 
vote for each share of which he is the holder, proxy or representative.  On a poll, a member 
entitled to more than one vote need not, if he votes, use all his votes or cast all the votes in 
the same way. 
20.2 
In the case of joint holders of a share the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote, 
whether in person or by proxy, shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other 
joint holders, and for this purpose seniority shall be determined by the order in which the 
names stand in the register in respect of the joint holding. 
20.3 
A member in respect of whom an order has been made by any court or official having 
jurisdiction (whether in the United Kingdom or elsewhere) that he is or may be suffering 
from mental disorder or is otherwise incapable of running his affairs may vote by his 
guardian, receiver, curator bonis or other person authorised for that purpose and appointed 
by the court (and that person may vote by proxy) provided that evidence to the satisfaction 
of the Board of the authority of the person claiming to exercise the right to vote shall be 
deposited at the office, or at such other place as is specified in accordance with these 
Articles for the deposit of instruments of proxy, not less than 48 hours before the time

--- Page 79 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
19 
 
 
appointed for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the right to vote is to be 
exercised, and in default the right to vote shall not be exercisable. 
20.4 
No member shall, unless the Board otherwise determines, be entitled to vote at any general 
meeting or at any separate general meeting of the holders of any class of shares in the 
Company unless all calls or other sums presently payable by him in respect of shares in the 
Company have been paid. 
20.5 
Where, in respect of any shares of the Company, any holder or any other person appearing 
to be interested in such shares held by a member has been issued with a notice pursuant to 
section 793 of the Act (a "statutory notice") and has failed in relation to any shares (the 
"default shares") to comply with the statutory notice and to give the Company the 
information required by such notice within the prescribed period as defined in Article 
20.10.4 from the date of the statutory notice, then the Board may serve on the holder of such 
default shares a notice (a "disenfranchisement notice") whereupon the following sanctions 
shall apply: 
20.5.1 
such holder shall not with effect from the service of the 
disenfranchisement notice be entitled in respect of the default shares to 
be present or to vote (either in person or by representative or by proxy) 
either at any general meeting or at any separate general meeting of the 
holders of any class of shares or on any poll or to exercise any other 
right conferred by membership in relation to any such meeting or poll; 
and 
20.5.2 
where such shares represent not less than 0.25 per cent. in nominal 
value of the issued shares of their class: 
(a) 
any dividend or other monies payable in respect of the default shares 
shall be withheld by the Company which shall not be under any 
obligation to pay interest on it and the holder shall not be entitled 
under Article 41.16 to elect to receive shares instead of that dividend; 
and 
(b) 
no transfer, other than an excepted transfer (as defined in Article 
20.10.5), of any shares in certificated form held by the holder shall be 
registered unless: 
(i) 
the holder is not himself in default as regards supplying the 
information required; and 
(ii) 
the holder proves to the satisfaction of the Board that no 
person in default as regards supplying such information is 
interested in any of the shares the subject of the transfer

--- Page 80 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
20 
 
 
(and, for the purpose of ensuring this Article 20.5.2(b) can apply to all shares 
held by the holder, the Company may, in accordance with the Regulations, 
issue a written notification to the Operator requiring the conversion into 
certificated form of any shares held by the holder in uncertificated form). 
20.6 
Any new shares in the Company issued in right of default shares shall be subject to the same 
sanctions as apply to the default shares provided that any sanctions applying to, or to a right 
to, new shares by virtue of this Article shall cease to have effect when the sanctions 
applying to the related default shares cease to have effect (and shall be suspended or 
cancelled if and to the extent that the sanctions applying to the related default shares are 
suspended or cancelled) and provided further that Article 20.5 shall apply to the exclusion of 
this Article if the Company gives a separate notice under section 793 of the Act in relation 
to the new shares. 
20.7 
The Company may at any time withdraw a disenfranchisement notice by serving on the 
holder of the default shares a notice in writing to that effect (a "withdrawal notice"), and a 
disenfranchisement notice shall be deemed to have been withdrawn at the end of the period 
of seven days (or such shorter period as the Directors may determine) following receipt by 
the Company of the information required by the statutory notice in respect of all the shares 
to which the disenfranchisement notice related. 
20.8 
Unless and until a withdrawal notice is duly served in relation thereto or a 
disenfranchisement notice in relation thereto is deemed to have been withdrawn or the 
shares to which a disenfranchisement notice relates are transferred by means of an excepted 
transfer, the sanctions referred to in Articles 20.5 and 20.6 shall continue to apply. 
20.9 
Where, on the basis of information obtained from a holder in respect of any share held by 
him, the Company issues a notice pursuant to section 793 of the Act to any other person and 
such person fails to give the Company the information thereby required within the 
prescribed period and the Board serves a disenfranchisement notice upon such person, it 
shall at the same time send a copy of the disenfranchisement notice to the holder of such 
share, but the accidental omission to do so, or the non-receipt by the holder of the copy, 
shall not invalidate or otherwise affect the application of Articles 20.5 and 20.6. 
20.10 
For the purposes of these Articles: 
20.10.1 
a person other than the holder of a share shall be treated as appearing to 
be interested in that share if the holder has informed the Company that 
the person is or may be so interested or if (after taking into account the 
said notification and any other relevant notification pursuant to section 
793 of the Act) the Company knows or has reasonable cause to believe 
that the person in question is or may be interested in the share; 
20.10.2 
"interested" shall be construed as it is for the purpose of section 793 
of the Act;

--- Page 81 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
21 
 
 
20.10.3 
reference to a person having failed to give the Company the 
information required by a notice, or being in default as regards 
supplying such information, includes: 
(a) 
reference to his having failed or refused to give all or any part of it; 
and 
(b) 
reference to his having given information which he knows to be false 
in a material particular or having recklessly given information which 
is false in a material particular; 
20.10.4 
the "prescribed period" means: 
(a) 
in a case where the default shares represent at least 0.25 per cent. of 
their class, 14 days; and 
(b) 
in any other case, 28 days; and 
20.10.5 
an "excepted transfer" means, in relation to any share held by a 
holder: 
(a) 
a transfer pursuant to acceptance of an offer made to all the holders 
(or all the holders other than the person making the offer and his 
nominees) of the shares in the Company to acquire those shares or a 
specified proportion of them, or to all the holders (or all the holders 
other than the person making the offer and his nominees) of a 
particular class of those shares to acquire the shares of that class or a 
specified proportion of them; 
(b) 
a transfer in consequence of a sale made through a recognised 
investment exchange (as defined in the FSMA) or any other stock 
exchange outside the United Kingdom on which the Company’s 
shares are normally traded; or 
(c) 
a transfer which is shown to the satisfaction of the Board to be made 
in consequence of a bona fide sale of the whole of the beneficial 
interest in the share to a person who is unconnected with the holder 
and with any other person appearing to be interested in the share. 
20.11 
Nothing contained in these Articles shall prejudice or affect the right of the Company to 
apply to the court for an order under section 794 of the Act and in connection with such an 
application or intended application or otherwise to require information on shorter notice than 
the prescribed period. 
20.12 
No objections may be raised to the qualification of any person voting at a general meeting 
except at the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the vote objected to is tendered, and

--- Page 82 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
22 
 
 
every vote not disallowed at the meeting is valid. Any such objection must be referred to the 
Chairman of the meeting whose decision is final. 
20.13 
If an amendment shall be proposed to any resolution under consideration but shall in good 
faith be ruled out of order by the chairman of the meeting, the proceedings on the 
substantive resolution shall not be invalidated by any error in such ruling.  In the case of a 
resolution proposed as a special resolution, no amendment to it (other than a mere clerical 
amendment to correct a patent error) may in any event be considered or voted upon. 
20.14 
Invitations to appoint a proxy (whether made by instrument in writing, in electronic form or 
by website communication) shall be in any usual form or in such other form as the Board 
may approve.  Invitations to appoint a proxy shall be sent or made available by the 
Company to all persons entitled to notice of and to attend and vote at any meeting, and shall 
provide for voting both for and against all resolutions to be proposed at that meeting other 
than resolutions relating to the procedure of the meeting.  The accidental omission to send or 
make available an invitation to appoint a proxy or the non-receipt thereof by any member 
entitled to attend and vote at a meeting shall not invalidate the proceedings at that meeting.  
The appointment of a proxy shall be deemed to confer authority to demand, or concur in 
demanding, a poll and to vote on any amendment of a resolution put to the meeting for 
which it is given or any procedural resolution, as the proxy thinks fit.  A proxy need not be a 
member of the Company. 
20.15 
The appointment of a proxy shall, if made by instrument in writing, be signed in the case of 
an individual, by the appointer or his attorney who is authorised in writing to do so. In the 
case of a body corporate, the proxy appointment must be executed under seal or otherwise 
executed by it in accordance with the Act or signed on its behalf by an officer, attorney or 
duly authorised signatory. 
20.16 
If the Directors from time to time so permit, a proxy may be appointed by electronic 
communication to such address as may be notified by or on behalf of the Company for that 
purpose, or by any other lawful means from time to time authorised by the Directors.  Any 
means of appointing a proxy which is authorised by or under this Article shall be subject to 
any terms, limitations, conditions or restrictions that the Directors may from time to time 
prescribe.  Without limiting the foregoing, in relation to any shares which are held in 
uncertificated form, the Directors may from time to time permit appointments of a proxy to 
be made by means of an electronic communication in the form of an Uncertificated Proxy 
Instruction, and received by such participant in the relevant system concerned acting on 
behalf of the Company as the Directors may prescribe, in such form and subject to such 
terms and conditions as may from time to time be prescribed by the Directors (subject 
always to the facilities and requirements of the relevant system concerned), and may in a 
similar manner permit supplements to, or amendments or revocations of, any such 
Uncertificated Proxy Instruction to be made by like means.  The Directors may in addition 
prescribe the method of determining the time at which any such properly authenticated 
dematerialised instruction (and/or other instruction or notification) is to be treated as 
received by the Company or such participant.  The Directors may treat any such

--- Page 83 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
23 
 
 
Uncertificated Proxy Instruction which purports to be or is expressed to be sent on behalf of 
a holder of a share as sufficient evidence of the authority of the person sending that 
instruction to send it on behalf of that holder. 
20.17 
Any corporation which is a member of the Company may by resolution of its directors or 
other governing body authorise such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at any 
meeting of the Company or of any class of members of the Company, and (except as 
otherwise provided in these Articles) the person so authorised shall be entitled to exercise 
the same powers on behalf of the corporation which he represents as that corporation could 
exercise if it were an individual member of the Company.  A certified copy of such a 
resolution shall be delivered at the meeting to the chairman of the meeting or secretary or 
any person appointed by the Company to receive such authorisation, and unless such 
certified copy of such resolution is so delivered the authority granted by such resolution 
shall not be treated as valid.  Where certified copies of two or more valid but differing 
resolutions authorising any person or persons to act as the representative of any corporation 
pursuant to this Article at the same meeting in respect of the same share are delivered, the 
resolution, a certified copy of which is delivered to the Company (in accordance with the 
provisions of this Article) last in time (regardless of the date of such certified copy or of the 
date upon which the resolution set out therein was passed), shall be treated as revoking and 
replacing all other such authorities as regards that share, but if the Company is unable to 
determine which of any such two or more valid but differing resolutions was so deposited 
last in time, none of them shall be treated as valid in respect of that share.  The authority 
granted by any such resolution shall, unless the contrary is stated in the certified copy 
thereof delivered to the Company pursuant to this Article, be treated as valid for any 
adjournment of any meeting at which such authority may be used as well as at such meeting. 
20.18 
A corporation which is a member of the Company may authorise more than one person to 
act as its representative pursuant to this Article in respect of any meeting or meetings, and 
such a member who holds different classes of shares may so authorise one or more different 
persons for each class of shares held. 
20.19 
The appointment of proxy and the power of attorney or other written authority (if any) under 
which it is signed, or a copy of any such power or written authority certified notarially or in 
any other manner approved by the Directors, shall: 
20.19.1 
in the case of an appointment otherwise than by electronic 
communication, be deposited at the office (or at such other place as 
shall be specified in the notice of meeting or in any instrument of proxy 
or other document accompanying the same); and 
20.19.2 
in the case of an appointment by electronic communication where an 
address has been specified for the purpose of receiving appointments 
by electronic communication (i) in the notice convening the meeting, 
(ii) in any instrument of proxy sent out by the Company in relation to 
the meeting or (iii) in any invitation contained in an electronic

--- Page 84 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
24 
 
 
communication to appoint a proxy issued by the Company in relation to 
the meeting, be received at such address, 
not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting or adjourned 
meeting at which the person named in the appointment proposes to vote or in the case of a 
poll taken more than 48 hours after it was demanded, not less than 24 hours before the time 
appointed for taking the poll, and (save as otherwise provided in this Article) unless so 
deposited or received the appointment of proxy shall not be treated as valid.  Where a poll is 
not taken forthwith but is taken less than 48 hours after it was demanded, the appointment of 
proxy together with any other documents required to be deposited or received pursuant to 
this Article 20.19 shall nevertheless be deemed to have been duly deposited if: 
20.19.3 
in the case of an appointment otherwise than by electronic 
communication, they are delivered at the meeting at which the poll was 
demanded to the chairman or the secretary or to any Director; or 
20.19.4 
in the case of an appointment by electronic communication, they are 
received at the address notified by the Company for such purposes, 
in each case, at any time prior to the commencement of such meeting and, if so delivered or 
received, the instrument of proxy shall be treated as valid.  In calculating the periods 
mentioned in this Article no account shall be taken of any part of a day that is not a working 
day. 
20.20 
The deposit, delivery or receipt of an appointment of proxy shall not preclude a member 
from attending and voting at the meeting or at any adjourned meeting.  When two or more 
valid but differing appointments of proxy are deposited, delivered or received in respect of 
the same share for use at the same meeting, the one which is deposited with, delivered to or 
received by the Company (in accordance with the provisions of this Article) last in time 
(regardless of the date of its making or transmission) shall be treated as revoking and 
replacing any others as regards that share, but if the Company is unable to determine which 
of any such two or more valid but differing instruments of proxy was so deposited, delivered 
or received last in time, none of them shall be treated as valid in respect of that share. 
20.21 
No appointment of proxy shall be valid after the expiration of 12 months from the date 
stated in it as the date of its making or transmission.  The appointment of proxy shall, unless 
the contrary is stated, be valid as well for any adjournment of the meeting as for the meeting 
to which it relates. 
20.22 
Any vote cast by a proxy who does not vote in accordance with any instructions given by 
the member by whom he is appointed shall be treated as being valid and the Company shall 
not be bound to enquire whether a proxy has complied with the instructions he has been 
given. 
20.23 
A vote given or poll demanded by proxy or by the duly authorised representative of a 
corporation shall be valid, notwithstanding the previous determination of the authority of the

--- Page 85 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
25 
 
 
person voting or demanding a poll, unless notice of the determination shall have been 
received by the Company at the office (or other place at which the appointment of proxy 
was duly deposited, delivered or received in accordance with Article 20.18) before the 
commencement of the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the appointment of proxy is 
used, or, in the case of a poll taken otherwise than on the same day as the meeting or 
adjourned meeting, at the time appointed for taking the poll. 
21. 
POWERS OF THE BOARD 
21.1 
Subject to the provisions of the Statutes, these Articles and any directions given by special 
resolution, the business of the Company shall be managed by the Board which may exercise 
all the powers of the Company.  No alteration of these Articles and no directions given by 
special resolution shall invalidate any prior act of the Board which would have been valid if 
such alteration had not been made or such direction had not been given.  The general powers 
given by this Article shall not be limited or restricted by any special authority or power 
given to the Board by any other Article. 
21.2 
The Board may from time to time make such arrangements as it thinks fit for the 
management and transaction of the Company’s affairs in the United Kingdom or elsewhere 
and may for that purpose appoint local boards, managers, inspectors and agents and delegate 
to them any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in the Board (other than the 
power to borrow and make calls) with power to sub-delegate and may authorise the 
members of any local board or any of them to fill any vacancies therein and to act 
notwithstanding such vacancies.  Any such appointment or delegation may be made upon 
such terms and subject to such conditions as the Board thinks fit.  The Board may at any 
time remove any person so appointed and may vary or annul such delegation, but no person 
dealing in good faith and without notice of such removal, variation or annulment shall be 
affected by it. 
21.3 
The Board may from time to time by power of attorney appoint any company, firm or 
person, or any fluctuating body of persons, whether nominated directly or indirectly by the 
Board, to be the attorney or attorneys of the Company for such purposes and with such 
powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the 
Board under these Articles) and for such period and subject to such conditions as it may 
think fit.  Any such power of attorney may contain such provisions for the protection or 
convenience of persons dealing with any such attorney as the Board may think fit and may 
also authorise any such attorney to sub-delegate all or any of the powers, authorities and 
discretions vested in him.  The Board may revoke or vary any such appointment, but no 
person dealing in good faith and without notice of such revocation or variation shall be 
affected by it. 
21.4 
The Board may delegate any of its powers to any committee consisting of one or more 
Directors.  It may also delegate to any Director holding any executive office or any other 
Director such of its powers as it considers desirable to be exercised by him.  Any such 
delegation may be made subject to any conditions the Board may impose and either

--- Page 86 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
26 
 
 
collaterally with or to the exclusion of its own powers and may be revoked or altered, but no 
person dealing in good faith and without notice of such revocation or variation shall be 
affected by it.  Subject to any such conditions, the proceedings of a committee with two or 
more members shall be governed by these Articles regulating the proceedings of the Board 
so far as they are capable of applying.  If any such committee determines to co-opt persons 
other than Directors onto such committee, the number of such co-opted persons shall be less 
than one-half of the total number of members of the committee and no resolution of the 
committee shall be effective unless a majority of the members of the committee present at 
the meeting concerned are Directors. 
22. 
BORROWING POWERS 
22.1 
Subject as provided in these Articles, the Directors may exercise all the powers of the 
Company to borrow money, and to mortgage or charge its undertaking, property and assets 
(present and future) and uncalled capital and, subject to the Statutes, to issue debentures and 
other securities, whether outright or as collateral security, for any debt, liability or obligation 
of the Company or of any third party. 
22.2 
The Board shall restrict the borrowings of the Company and exercise all voting and other 
rights or powers of control exercisable by the Company in relation to its subsidiary 
undertakings (if any) so as to secure (as regards subsidiary undertakings so far as by such 
exercise the Board can secure) that the aggregate amount for the time being outstanding of 
all borrowings by the group (excluding money owed by any member of the group to any 
other member of the group) shall not, without the previous sanction of an ordinary 
resolution  of the Company,  exceed an amount equal to 3.5 times the adjusted capital and 
reserves.  For the purpose of the above restriction, the "adjusted capital and reserves" 
means the aggregate from time to time of: 
22.2.1 
the amount paid up on the issued share capital of the Company; and 
22.2.2 
the amount standing to the credit of the capital and revenue reserves of 
the Company (or, if the Company has subsidiary undertakings, the 
consolidated capital and revenue reserves of the group) including any 
share premium account, capital redemption reserve, revaluation 
reserve, merger reserve and credit balance on profit and loss account, 
22.2.3 
all as shown in the latest audited balance sheet of the Company or (as 
the case may be) the latest audited consolidated balance sheet of the 
group: 
22.2.4 
after making appropriate adjustment for any variation in the amount 
paid up or credited as paid up on the issued share capital of the 
Company and in the share premium account, capital redemption 
reserve, revaluation reserve or merger reserve since the date of such 
balance sheet and so that, for the purpose of making such adjustments, 
if any issue or proposed issue of shares by the Company for cash has

--- Page 87 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
27 
 
 
been underwritten, then such shares shall be deemed to have been 
issued and the amount (including any premium) of the subscription 
monies payable in respect thereof (not being monies payable later than 
six months after the date of allotment) shall, to the extent so 
underwritten, be deemed to have been paid up on the date when the 
issue of such shares was underwritten (or, if such underwriting was 
conditional, on the date when it became unconditional); 
22.2.5 
after making appropriate adjustment for any distribution from such 
reserves (otherwise than to the Company or to a subsidiary 
undertaking) not provided for therein; 
22.2.6 
after excluding any sums set aside for future taxation (including 
deferred tax); 
22.2.7 
after deducting any debit balance on profit and loss account as shown 
in such balance sheet; 
22.2.8 
after making appropriate adjustment for any company which has 
become or ceased to be a subsidiary undertaking since the date of such 
balance sheet and any variation in the interests of the Company in its 
subsidiary undertakings since the date of such balance sheet; 
22.2.9 
after making appropriate adjustment for any sums attributable to 
outside interests in any subsidiary undertaking; and 
22.2.10 
where the calculation is required for the purposes of or in connection 
with a transaction under or in connection with which any company is to 
become or cease to be a subsidiary undertaking, after making such 
adjustments as would be appropriate if such transaction had been 
carried into effect. 
22.3 
For the purpose of Article 22.2 "borrowings" shall be deemed to include not only 
borrowings but also the following except insofar as otherwise taken into account: 
22.3.1 
the nominal amount of any issued share capital and the principal 
amount of any debentures or borrowed money (together with any fixed 
or minimum premium payable on redemption or repayment) of any 
body, whether corporate or unincorporate, the redemption or repayment 
of which is the subject of a guarantee or indemnity by a member of the 
group but excluding any shares or indebtedness the beneficial interest 
in which is for the time being owned by a member of the group; 
22.3.2 
the outstanding amount raised by acceptances by any bank or accepting 
house under any acceptance credit opened on behalf of and in favour of 
any member of the group;

--- Page 88 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
28 
 
 
22.3.3 
the principal amount of any debenture (whether secured or unsecured) 
of a member of the group owned otherwise than by a member of the 
group; 
22.3.4 
the principal amount of any preference share capital of any subsidiary 
undertaking owned otherwise than by a member of the group; 
22.3.5 
any fixed or minimum premium payable on final redemption or 
repayment of any borrowing or deemed borrowing; and 
22.3.6 
the amounts which would be shown as outstanding in respect of any 
hire purchase commitments or finance lease obligations in an audited 
consolidated balance sheet for the group, if such a balance sheet had 
been prepared, in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles, 
but shall be deemed not to include: 
22.3.7 
borrowings incurred by any member of the group for the purpose of 
repaying the whole or any part of any borrowings by a member of the 
group for the time being outstanding within six months of being so 
borrowed, pending their application for that purpose within that period. 
22.4 
When the aggregate amount of borrowings required to be taken into account for the 
purposes of these Articles on any particular day is being ascertained, any money 
denominated or repayable (or repayable at the option of any person other than any member 
of the group) in a currency other than sterling shall, if not subject to a contract or 
arrangement determining the rate of exchange, be converted for the purpose of calculating 
the sterling equivalent at the rate of exchange prevailing in London at the close of business 
on the last business day before that day or, if it would result in a lower sterling equivalent, at 
the rate of exchange prevailing in London six months before such day (and for this purpose 
the rate of exchange shall be taken as the middle market rate as at the close of business on 
the day in question or, if that is not a business day, on the last business day before the day in 
question). 
22.5 
Subject to the provisions of the Statutes, the Board may from time to time change the 
accounting conventions on which the audited balance sheet or audited consolidated balance 
sheet is prepared. 
22.6 
A certificate or report by the auditors as to the amount of the adjusted capital and reserves or 
the amount of any borrowings or to the effect that the limit imposed by these Articles has 
not been or will not be exceeded at any particular time or times shall be conclusive evidence 
of the amount or of that fact.  For the purposes of their computation, the auditors may at 
their discretion make such further or other adjustments (if any) as they think fit.  
Nevertheless, for the purposes of these Articles the Board may act in reliance on a bona fide 
estimate of the amount of the adjusted capital and reserves at any time, and, if in

--- Page 89 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
29 
 
 
consequence such limit is inadvertently exceeded, an amount of monies borrowed equal to 
the excess may be disregarded until the expiry of 60 days after the day on which (by reason 
of a determination of the auditors or otherwise) the Board becomes aware that such a 
situation has or may have arisen. 
22.7 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no lender or other person dealing with the Company shall be 
concerned to see or inquire whether the limit imposed by Articles 22.1 to 22.5 is observed 
and no borrowing incurred or security given in excess of such limit shall be invalid or 
ineffectual except in the case of express notice to the lender or the recipient of the security at 
the time when the borrowing was incurred or security given that the limit had been or was 
thereby exceeded. 
23. 
NUMBER AND QUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS 
23.1 
Unless and until otherwise determined by ordinary resolution of the Company, the Directors 
(other than alternate Directors) shall be not less than 2 nor more than 10 in number. 
23.2 
A Director shall not be required to hold any shares of the Company by way of qualification. 
23.3 
If the number of Directors is reduced below the minimum number fixed in accordance with 
these Articles, the Directors for the time being may act for the purpose of filling up 
vacancies in their number or of calling a general meeting of the Company, but not for any 
other purpose.  If there are no Directors able or willing to act, then any two members may 
summon a general meeting for the purpose of appointing Directors. 
23.4 
No person other than a Director retiring (or, if appointed by the Board, vacating office) at 
the meeting shall, unless recommended by the Board, be eligible for election to the office of 
a Director at any general meeting, unless not less than seven nor more than 42 days before 
the day fixed for the meeting there shall have been left at the office addressed to the 
secretary notice in writing by a member entitled to be present and vote at the meeting for 
which such notice is given of his intention to propose such person for election, and also 
notice in writing signed by the person to be proposed of his willingness to be elected.  The 
notice from the member shall give the particulars in respect of that person which would (if 
he were elected) be required to be included in the Company’s register of Directors. 
24. 
ELECTION, APPOINTMENT AND RETIREMENT BY ROTATION 
24.1 
Subject to the provisions of Articles 23.1 to 23.4 and without prejudice to the power of the 
Board under Article 23.3, the Company may by ordinary resolution elect a person who is 
willing to act to be a Director either to fill a vacancy or as an additional Director; but so that 
the total number of Directors shall not at any time exceed the maximum number fixed by 
these Articles. 
24.2 
A resolution for the election of two or more persons as Directors by a single resolution shall 
not be moved at any general meeting unless a resolution that it shall be so moved has first 
been agreed to by the meeting without any vote being given against it; and any resolution

--- Page 90 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
30 
 
 
moved in contravention of this provision shall be void.  For the purposes of this Article, a 
motion for approving a person’s appointment or for nominating him for appointment shall 
be treated as a motion for his appointment. 
24.3 
The Board shall have power to appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill a casual 
vacancy or as an addition to the existing Board, but so that the total number of Directors 
shall not at any time exceed the maximum number fixed by these Articles.  Any Director so 
appointed shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting, and shall 
then be eligible for election, and unless so elected shall vacate office at the conclusion of 
such meeting. 
24.4 
At every annual general meeting all the Directors shall retire from office. 
24.5 
A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election.  If he is not re-elected or deemed to be 
re-elected, he shall hold office until the meeting elects someone in his place or, if it does not 
do so, until the end of the meeting. 
24.6 
If the Company at the meeting at which a Director retires by rotation does not fill the 
vacancy, the retiring Director shall, if willing to act, be deemed to have been reappointed 
unless at the meeting it is resolved not to fill the vacancy or unless a resolution for the 
reappointment of the Director is put to the meeting and lost. 
25. 
RESIGNATION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS 
25.1 
A Director may resign his office either by notice in writing submitted to the Board or, if he 
shall in writing offer to resign, if the other Directors resolve to accept such offer. 
25.2 
The Company may, by ordinary resolution at a meeting of which special notice has been 
given, in accordance with section 312 of the Act, remove any Director before the expiration 
of his period of office notwithstanding anything in these Articles or in any agreement 
between the Company and such Director.  Such removal shall be without prejudice to any 
claim which such Director may have for damages for breach of any contract of service 
between him and the Company. 
25.3 
A Director may be removed from office if he: 
25.3.1 
receives written notice signed by not less than three-quarters of the 
other Directors removing him from office without prejudice to any 
claim which such Director may have for damages for breach of any 
contract of service or letter of appointment between him and the 
Company; or 
25.3.2 
in the case of a Director who holds any executive office, ceases to hold 
such office (whether because his appointment is terminated or expires) 
and the majority of the other Directors resolve that his office be 
vacated.

--- Page 91 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
31 
 
 
26. 
VACATION OF OFFICE 
26.1 
Without prejudice to the other provisions of these Articles, the office of a Director shall be 
vacated if the Director: 
26.1.1 
becomes bankrupt or the subject of an interim receiving order or makes 
any arrangement or composition with his creditors generally or applies 
to the court for an interim order under section 253 of the Insolvency 
Act 1986 (as amended) in connection with a voluntary arrangement 
under that Act; or 
26.1.2 
a registered medical practitioner who is treating that person gives a 
written opinion to the Company stating that that person has become 
physically or mentally incapable of acting as a director and may remain 
so for more than three months; or 
26.1.3 
is absent from meetings of the Board for six consecutive months 
without permission of the Board and the Board resolves that his office 
be vacated; or 
26.1.4 
ceases to be a Director by virtue of any provision of the Statutes or 
becomes prohibited by law from being a Director. 
26.2 
A resolution of the Board declaring a Director to have vacated or have been removed from 
office under the terms of Articles 25.3 to 26.1 shall be conclusive as to the fact and grounds 
of vacation or removal stated in the resolution. 
27. 
REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS 
27.1 
The Directors (other than alternate Directors) shall be paid such remuneration (by way of 
fee) for their services as may be determined by the Board save that, unless otherwise 
approved by ordinary resolution of the Company in general meeting, the aggregate of the 
remuneration (by way of fee) of all the Directors shall not exceed £400,000 per annum.  
Such remuneration shall be deemed to accrue from day to day, shall be divided between the 
Directors as they shall agree or, failing agreement, equally and shall be distinct from and 
additional to any remuneration or other benefits which may be paid or provided to any 
Director pursuant to any other provision of these Articles.  The Directors shall also be 
entitled to be repaid all travelling, hotel and other expenses of attending Board meetings, 
committee meetings, general meetings, or otherwise incurred while engaged on the business 
of the Company. 
27.2 
Any Director who by request of the Board performs special services or goes or resides 
abroad for any purposes of the Company may be paid such extra remuneration by way of 
salary, commission, percentage of profits or otherwise as the Board may decide. 
28. 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE, MANAGING AND EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

--- Page 92 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
32 
 
 
28.1 
The Board may from time to time: 
28.1.1 
appoint one or more of its body to the office of chief executive, joint 
chief executive, managing Director or joint managing Director, or to 
any other office (except that of auditor) or employment in the 
Company, for such period (subject to the Statutes and these Articles) 
and on such terms as it thinks fit, and may revoke such appointment 
(but so that such revocation shall be without prejudice to any rights or 
claims which the person whose appointment is revoked may have 
against the Company by reason of such revocation); and 
28.1.2 
permit any person elected or appointed to be a Director to continue in 
any other office or employment held by that person before he was so 
elected or appointed. 
28.2 
A Director holding any such office or employment with a member of the group is referred to 
in these Articles as an "executive Director". 
28.3 
An executive Director shall (subject to the provisions of any contract between him and the 
Company) be subject to the same provisions as to resignation and removal as the other 
Directors, and if he ceases from any cause to be a Director he shall cease to hold any office 
or employment with a member of the group (but without prejudice to any rights or claims 
which he may have against the Company by reason of such cessation). 
28.4 
An executive Director shall not be exempt from retirement by rotation, and shall cease to be 
a Director if he ceases for any reason to hold the office or employment by virtue of which he 
is termed an executive Director. 
28.5 
The remuneration of any executive Director (whether by way of salary, commission, 
participation in profits or otherwise) shall be decided by the Board and may be either in 
addition to or in lieu of any remuneration as a Director. 
28.6 
The Board may entrust to and confer upon any executive Director any of the powers, 
authorities and discretions vested in or exercisable by it upon such terms and conditions and 
with such restrictions as it thinks fit, either collaterally with or to the exclusion of its own 
powers, authorities and discretions and may from time to time revoke or vary all or any of 
them, but no person dealing in good faith and without notice of the revocation or variation 
shall be affected by it. 
29. 
ASSOCIATE AND OTHER DIRECTORS 
29.1 
The Directors may from time to time, and at any time, pursuant to this Article appoint any 
other persons to any post with such descriptive title including that of Director (whether as 
associate, executive, group, divisional, departmental, deputy, assistant, local or advisory 
director or otherwise) as the Directors may determine and may define, limit, vary and 
restrict the powers, authorities and discretions of persons so appointed and may fix and

--- Page 93 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
33 
 
 
determine their remuneration and duties and, subject to any contract between him and the 
Company, may remove from such post any person so appointed.  A person so appointed 
shall not be a Director for any of the purposes of these Articles or of the Statutes, and 
accordingly shall not be a member of the Board or (subject to Article 21.3) of any 
committee hereof, nor shall he be entitled to be present at any meeting of the Board or of 
any such committee except at the request of the Board or of such committee, and if present 
at such request he shall not be entitled to vote thereat. 
30. 
DIRECTORS’ GRATUITIES AND PENSIONS 
30.1 
The Board may exercise all the powers of the Company to provide benefits, whether by the 
payment of gratuities or pensions or by insurance or otherwise, for any Director who has 
held but no longer holds any executive office or employment with the Company or with any 
body corporate which is or has been a subsidiary undertaking of the Company or a 
predecessor in business of the Company or of any such subsidiary undertaking, and for any 
member of his family (including a spouse and a former spouse) or any person who is or was 
dependent on him, and may (as well before as after he ceases to hold such office or 
employment) contribute to any fund and pay premiums for the purchase or provision of any 
such benefit. 
31. 
ALTERNATE DIRECTORS 
31.1 
Any Director (other than an alternate Director) may appoint another Director, or any other 
person approved by the Board, to be an alternate Director and may at any time terminate that 
appointment. 
31.2 
An alternate Director shall (subject to his giving to the Company a postal address within the 
United Kingdom and, if applicable, an address in relation to which electronic 
communications may be received by him) be entitled to receive notice of all meetings of 
Directors and of all meetings of committees of Directors of which his appointor is a 
member, to attend and vote at any such meeting at which the Director appointing him is not 
personally present, and generally to perform all the functions of his appointor as a Director 
in his absence, but it shall not be necessary to give notice of such a meeting to an alternate 
Director who is absent from the United Kingdom. 
31.3 
An alternate Director shall automatically cease to be an alternate Director if his appointor 
ceases to be a Director or dies; but, if a Director retires by rotation or otherwise vacates 
office and is elected or deemed to have been elected at the meeting at which he retires, any 
appointment of an alternate Director made by him which was in force immediately prior to 
his retirement shall continue after his election.  The appointment of an alternate Director 
shall also automatically cease on the happening of any event which, if he were a Director, 
would cause him to vacate office. 
31.4 
Any appointment or removal of an alternate Director shall be by notice in writing to the 
Company signed by the Director making or revoking the appointment or in any other 
manner approved by the Board.  A notice of appointment must contain a statement signed by

--- Page 94 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
34 
 
 
the proposed alternate that he is willing to act as the alternate of the Director giving the 
notice. 
31.5 
Save as otherwise provided in these Articles, an alternate Director shall be deemed for all 
purposes to be a Director and shall alone be responsible for his own acts and defaults and he 
shall not be deemed to be the agent of the Director appointing him.  An alternate Director 
may be repaid by the Company such expenses as might properly have been repaid to him if 
he had been a Director but shall not (unless the Company by ordinary resolution otherwise 
determines), in respect of his office of alternate Director, be entitled to receive any 
remuneration or fee from the Company.  An alternate Director shall be entitled to be 
indemnified by the Company to the same extent as if he were a Director. 
31.6 
An alternate Director shall not be required to hold any shares in the Company and shall not 
be counted in determining any maximum number of Directors permitted by these Articles. 
32. 
PROCEEDINGS OF THE BOARD 
32.1 
The Board may meet together for the despatch of business, adjourn and otherwise regulate 
its meetings as it thinks fit.  Questions arising at any such meetings shall be determined by a 
majority of votes.  In case of an equality of votes, the chairman of the meeting shall have a 
second or casting vote.  A Director who is also an alternate Director shall be entitled, in the 
absence of his appointor, to a separate vote on behalf of his appointor in addition to his own 
vote and an alternate Director who is appointed by two or more Directors shall be entitled to 
a separate vote on behalf of each of his appointors in the appointor’s absence.  A Director 
may, and the secretary on the requisition of a Director shall, call a meeting of the Board and 
notice of such meeting shall be deemed to be duly given to each Director if it is given to him 
personally or by word of mouth or sent in writing to him at his last-known address or any 
other address given by him to the Company for this purpose or sent by way of electronic 
communication to an address for the time being notified by him to the Company for this 
purpose.  It shall not be necessary to give notice of a meeting of the Board to any Director 
absent from the United Kingdom. 
32.2 
The quorum necessary for the transaction of the business of the Board may be fixed by the 
Board, and unless so fixed at any other number shall be two.  A Director or other person 
who is present at a meeting of the Board in more than one capacity (that is to say, as both 
Director and an alternate Director or as an alternate for more than one Director) shall not be 
counted as two or more for quorum purposes unless at least one other Director or alternate 
Director is also present. 
32.3 
Any Director or alternate Director may validly participate in a meeting of the Board or a 
committee of the Board through the medium of conference telephone or similar form of 
communication equipment provided that all persons participating in the meeting are able to 
hear and speak to each other throughout such meeting.  A person so participating shall be 
deemed to be present in person at the meeting and shall accordingly be counted in a quorum 
and be entitled to vote.  Subject to the Statutes, all business transacted in such a manner by

--- Page 95 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
35 
 
 
the Board or a committee of the Board shall, for the purposes of these Articles, be deemed to 
be validly and effectively transacted at a meeting of the Board or a committee of the Board, 
notwithstanding that fewer than two Directors or alternate Directors are physically present at 
the same place.  Such a meeting shall be deemed to take place where the largest group of 
those participating is assembled or, if there is no such group, where the chairman of the 
meeting then is. 
32.4 
The Board may appoint from its number, and remove, a chairman and, if it thinks fit, a          
deputy chairman of its meetings and determine the period for which they are respectively to 
hold office.  If no such chairman or deputy chairman is appointed, or neither is present 
within five minutes after the time fixed for holding any meeting, or neither of them is 
willing to act as chairman, the Directors present may choose one of their number to act as 
chairman of such meeting. 
32.5 
A resolution in writing signed by all the Directors for the time being entitled to vote on the 
resolution at a meeting of the Board (not being less than the number of Directors required to 
form a quorum of the Board at such meeting) or by all the members of a committee of the 
Board for the time being shall be as valid and effective as a resolution passed at a meeting of 
the Board or committee duly convened and held.  A resolution signed by an alternate 
Director need not be signed by his appointor and, if it is executed by a Director who has 
appointed an alternate Director, it need not also be executed by the alternate Director in that 
capacity.  The resolution may consist of one document or several documents in like form 
each signed by one or more Directors or alternate Directors and such documents may be 
exact copies of the signed resolution. 
32.6 
All acts done by any meeting of the Board, or of a committee of the Board, or by any person 
acting as a Director or by an alternate Director, shall as regards all persons dealing in good 
faith with the Company, notwithstanding it be afterwards discovered that there was some 
defect in the appointment or continuance in office of any Director, alternate Director or 
person so acting, or that they or any of them were disqualified, or had vacated office or were 
not entitled to vote, be as valid as if every such person had been duly appointed or had duly 
continued in office and was qualified and had continued to be a Director or an alternate 
Director and had been entitled to vote. 
33. 
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS 
Declarations of interest relating to transactions or arrangements 
33.1 
Subject to the provisions of the Statutes, and provided that he has made the disclosures 
required by this Article, a Director notwithstanding his office may be a party to or otherwise 
directly or indirectly interested in: 
33.1.1 
any transaction or arrangement with the Company or in which the 
Company is otherwise interested; or 
33.1.2 
a proposed transaction or arrangement with the Company.

--- Page 96 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
36 
 
 
33.2 
A Director shall, subject to sub-section 177(6) of the Act, be required to disclose all interests 
whether or not material in any transaction or arrangement referred to in Article 33.1 and the 
declaration of interest must (in the case of a transaction or arrangement referred to in Article 
33.1.1) and may (in the case of a transaction or arrangement referred to in Article 33.1.2), 
but need not, be made: 
33.2.1 
at a meeting of the Directors; or 
33.2.2 
by notice to the Directors in accordance with: 
(a) 
Section 184 of the Act (notice in writing); or 
(b) 
Section 185 of the Act (general notice). 
33.3 
The Directors may resolve that any situation referred to in Article 33.1 and disclosed to 
them thereunder shall also be subject to such terms as they may determine including, 
without limitation, the terms referred to in paragraphs (a) to (d) of Article 33.7. 
Directors’ interests other than in relation to transactions or arrangements with the 
Company 
33.4 
For the purposes of Section 175 of the Act, the Directors shall have the power to authorise 
any matter which would or might otherwise constitute or give rise to a breach of the duty of 
a Director under that Section to avoid a situation in which he has, or can have, a direct or 
indirect interest that conflicts, or possibly may conflict, with the interests of the Company.  
For these purposes references to a conflict of interest includes a conflict of interest and duty 
and a conflict of duties.  This Article does not apply to a conflict of interest arising in 
relation to a transaction or arrangement with the Company which are governed by Articles 
33.1 to 33.3 inclusive. 
33.5 
Authorisation of a matter under this Article shall be effective only if: 
33.5.1 
the matter in question shall have been proposed in writing (giving full 
particulars of the relevant situation) for consideration at a meeting of 
the Directors, in accordance with the Board’s normal procedures or in 
such other manner as the Directors may approve; 
33.5.2 
any requirement as to the quorum at the meeting of the Directors at 
which the matter is considered is met without counting the Director in 
question and any other interested Director (together the "Interested 
Directors"); and 
33.5.3 
the matter was agreed to without the Interested Directors voting or 
would have been agreed to if the votes of the Interested Directors had 
not been counted.

--- Page 97 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
37 
 
 
33.6 
Any authorisation of a matter pursuant to this Article shall extend to any actual or potential 
conflict of interest which may reasonably be expected to arise out of the matter so 
authorised. 
33.7 
Any authorisation of a matter under this Article shall be subject to such terms as the 
Directors may determine, whether at the time such authorisation is given or subsequently, 
and may be terminated by the Directors at any time.  Such terms may include, without 
limitation, terms that the relevant Directors: 
33.7.1 
will not be obliged to disclose to the Company or use for the benefit of 
the Company any confidential information received by him otherwise 
than by virtue of his position as a Director, if to do so would breach any 
duty of confidentiality to a third party; 
33.7.2 
may be required by the Company to maintain in the strictest confidence 
any confidential information relating to the Company which also 
relates to the situation as a result of which the conflict arises (the 
"conflict situation"); 
33.7.3 
may be required by the Company not to attend any part of a meeting of 
the Directors at which any matter which may be relevant to the conflict 
situation is to be discussed, and not to view any board papers relating to 
such matters; and 
33.7.4 
shall not be obliged to account to the Company for any remuneration or 
other benefits received by him in consequence of the conflict situation. 
A Director shall comply with any obligation imposed on him by the Directors pursuant to 
any such authorisation. 
33.8 
A Director shall not, save as otherwise agreed by him, be accountable to the Company for 
any benefit which he (or a person connected with him) derives from any matter authorised 
by the Directors under this Article and any contract, transaction or arrangement relating 
thereto shall not be liable to be avoided on the grounds of any such benefit. 
33.9 
Save as otherwise provided by these Articles, a Director shall not vote at a meeting of the 
Board or of a committee of the Board on any resolution concerning a matter in which he has, 
directly or indirectly, an interest (other than by virtue of his interest in shares, debentures or 
other securities of or in or otherwise through the Company) which is material, or a duty 
which conflicts or may conflict with the interests of the Company, unless his interest or duty 
arises only because one of the following Articles applies (in which case he may vote and be 
counted in the quorum): 
33.9.1 
the resolution relates to the giving to him or any other person of a 
guarantee, security or indemnity in respect of money lent to, or an

--- Page 98 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
38 
 
 
obligation incurred by him or by any other person at the request of or 
for the benefit of, the Company or any of its subsidiary undertakings; 
33.9.2 
the resolution relates to the giving to a third party of a guarantee, 
security or indemnity in respect of an obligation of the Company or any 
of its subsidiary undertakings for which the Director has assumed 
responsibility in whole or in part and whether alone or jointly with 
others under a guarantee or indemnity or by the giving of security; 
33.9.3 
his interest arises by virtue of his being, or intending to become, a 
participant in the underwriting or sub-underwriting of an offer of any 
shares, debentures or other securities by the Company or any of its 
subsidiary undertakings for subscription, purchase or exchange; 
33.9.4 
the resolution relates to any proposal concerning any other company in 
which he is interested, directly or indirectly, and whether as an officer 
or shareholder or otherwise howsoever provided that he does not hold 
an interest in shares (as that term is used in Part 22 of the Act) 
representing 1 per cent. or more of either any class of the equity share 
capital of such company or of the voting rights available to members of 
such company (any such interest being deemed for the purpose of this 
Article to be a material interest in all circumstances); 
33.9.5 
the resolution relates to any arrangement for the benefit of the 
employees of the Company or any of its subsidiary undertakings, which 
does not award him any privilege or benefit not generally awarded to 
the employees to whom such arrangement relates; or 
33.9.6 
the resolution relates to any proposal concerning any insurance which 
the Company is empowered to purchase and/or maintain for or for the 
benefit of any of the Directors or for persons who include Directors 
provided that, for the purposes of this Article, "insurance" means only 
insurance against liability incurred by a Director in respect of any act or 
omission by him as is referred to in Article 50.1 or any other insurance 
which the Company is empowered to purchase and/or maintain for or 
for the benefit of any groups of persons consisting of or including 
Directors. 
33.10 
For the purposes of Articles 33.1 to 33.9 inclusive: 
33.10.1 
an interest of a person who is, for any purpose of the Act (excluding 
any such modification thereof not in force when these Articles became 
binding on the Company), connected with a Director shall be treated as 
an interest of the Director and, in relation to an alternate Director, an 
interest of his appointor shall be treated as an interest of the alternate

--- Page 99 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
39 
 
 
Director without prejudice to any interest which the alternate Director 
otherwise has; and 
33.10.2 
an interest of which a Director has no knowledge and of which it is 
unreasonable to expect him to have knowledge shall not be treated as 
an interest of his. 
33.11 
The Board may exercise the voting power conferred by the shares in any company held or 
owned by the Company in such manner and in all respects as it thinks fit (including the 
exercise thereof in favour of any resolution appointing the Directors or any of them directors 
of such company, or voting or providing for the payment of remuneration to the directors of 
such company). 
33.12 
A Director shall not be counted in the quorum present at a meeting in relation to a resolution 
on which he is not entitled to vote. 
33.13 
Where proposals are under consideration concerning the appointment (including the fixing 
or varying of terms of appointment) of two or more Directors to offices or employments 
with the Company or any body corporate in which the Company is interested, the proposals 
may be divided and considered in relation to each Director separately and (provided he is 
not caught by the proviso to Article 33.9.6 or for another reason precluded from voting) 
each of the Directors concerned shall be entitled to vote and be counted in the quorum in 
respect of each resolution except that concerning his own appointment. 
33.14 
If a question arises at a meeting of the Board or of a committee of the Board as to the right 
of a Director to vote, the question may, before the conclusion of the meeting, be referred to 
the chairman of the meeting (or if the Director concerned is the chairman, to the other 
Directors at the meeting) and his ruling in relation to any Director (or, as the case may be, 
the ruling of the majority of the other Directors in relation to the chairman) shall be final and 
conclusive. 
34. 
SECRETARY 
34.1 
Subject to the Statutes, the secretary shall be appointed by the Board for such term, at such 
remuneration and upon such conditions as it may think fit, and any secretary appointed by 
the Board may at any time be removed by it. 
34.2 
Any provision of the Statutes or these Articles requiring or authorising a thing to be done by 
or to a Director and the secretary shall not be satisfied by its being done by or to the same 
person acting both as Director and as, or in place of, the secretary. 
35. 
MINUTES 
35.1 
The Board shall cause minutes to be kept: 
35.1.1 
of all appointments of officers made by the Board;

--- Page 100 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
40 
 
 
35.1.2 
of proceedings at meetings of the Board and of any committee of the 
Board and the names of the Directors present at each such meeting; and 
35.1.3 
of all resolutions of the Company, proceedings at meetings of the 
Company or the holders of any class of shares in the Company. 
35.2 
Any such minutes, if purporting to be signed by the chairman of the meeting to which they 
relate or of the meeting at which they are read, shall be sufficient evidence without any 
further proof of the facts therein stated. 
35.3 
Any such minutes must be kept for the period specified by the Act. 
36. 
THE SEAL 
36.1 
In addition to its powers under section 44 of the Act, the Company may have a seal and the 
Board shall provide for the safe custody of such seal.  The seal shall only be used by the 
authority of the Board or of a committee of the Board authorised by the Board.  The Board 
shall determine who may sign any instrument to which the seal is affixed and, unless 
otherwise so determined, it shall also be signed by at least one authorised person in the 
presence of a witness who attests the signature.  For the purpose of this article an authorised 
person is any director of the Company, company secretary or any person authorised by the 
Directors for the purpose of signing documents to which the common seal is applied. 
36.2 
All forms of certificates for shares or debentures or representing any other form of security 
(other than letters of allotment or scrip certificates) shall be issued executed by the Company 
but the Board may by resolution determine, either generally or in any particular case, that 
any signatures may be affixed to such certificates by some mechanical or other means or 
may be printed on them or that such certificates need not bear any signature. 
36.3 
If the Company has: 
36.3.1 
an official seal for use abroad, it may only be affixed to a document if 
its use on that document, or documents of a class to which it belongs, 
had been authorised by a decision of the Directors; and 
36.3.2 
a security seal, it may only be affixed to securities by the Company 
Secretary or a person authorised to apply it to securities by the 
Company Secretary.

--- Page 101 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
41 
 
 
37. 
ACCOUNTING RECORDS, BOOKS AND REGISTERS 
37.1 
The Directors shall cause accounting records to be kept and such other books and registers 
as are necessary to comply with the provisions of the Statutes and, subject to the provisions 
of the Statutes, the Directors may cause the Company to keep an overseas or local or other 
register in any place, and the Directors may make and vary such directions as they may 
think fit respecting the keeping of the registers. 
37.2 
The accounting records shall be kept at the office or (subject to the provisions of the 
Statutes) at such other place in Great Britain as the Board thinks fit, and shall always be 
open to inspection by the Directors.  No member of the Company (other than a Director) 
shall have any right of inspecting any accounting record or book or document except as 
conferred by law or authorised by the Board or by the Company in general meeting. 
37.3 
The Board shall, in accordance with the Statutes, cause to be prepared and to be laid before 
the Company in general meeting such profit and loss accounts, balance sheets, group 
accounts (if any) and reports as are required by the Statutes.  The Board shall in its report 
state the amount which it recommends to be paid by way of dividend. 
37.4 
A printed copy of every balance sheet (including every document required by law to be 
annexed thereto) which is to be laid before the Company in general meeting and of the 
Directors’ and auditors’ reports shall, at least 21 clear days before the meeting, be delivered 
or sent by post to every member and to every debenture holder of the Company of whose 
address the Company is aware or, in the case of joint holders of any share or debenture, to 
the joint holder who is named first in the register and to the auditors provided that, if and to 
the extent that the Statutes so permit and without prejudice to Article 38.2, the Company 
need not send copies of the documents referred to above to members but may send such 
members summary financial statements or other documents authorised by the Statutes. 
38. 
AUDIT 
38.1 
Auditors of the Company shall be appointed and their duties regulated in accordance with 
the Statutes. 
38.2 
The auditors’ report to the members made pursuant to the statutory provisions as to audit 
shall be laid before the Company in general meeting and shall be open to inspection by any 
member; and in accordance with the Statutes every member shall be entitled to be furnished 
with a copy of the balance sheet (including every document required by law to be annexed 
thereto) and auditors’ report. 
39. 
AUTHENTICATION OF DOCUMENTS 
39.1 
Any Director or the secretary or any person appointed by the Board for the purpose shall 
have power to authenticate any documents affecting the constitution of the Company and 
any resolutions passed by the Company or the Board and any books, records, documents and 
accounts relating to the business of the Company, and to certify copies thereof or extracts

--- Page 102 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
42 
 
 
therefrom as true copies or extracts; and where any books, records, documents or accounts 
are elsewhere than at the office, the officer of the Company having the custody thereof shall 
be deemed to be a person appointed by the Board, as aforesaid. 
39.2 
A document purporting to be a copy of a resolution, or an extract from the minutes of a 
meeting of the Company or of the Board or of any committee of the Board which is certified 
as such in accordance with Article 39.1 shall be conclusive evidence in favour of all persons 
dealing with the Company on the faith thereof that such resolution has been duly passed or, 
as the case may be, that such extract is a true and accurate record of proceedings at a duly 
constituted meeting. 
40. 
RECORD DATES 
40.1 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles but without prejudice to the rights 
attached to any shares, the Board may fix a date as the record date for any dividend, 
distribution, allotment or issue and such record date may be on or at any time within six 
months before or after any date on which such dividend, distribution, allotment or issue is 
declared, paid or made. 
41. 
DIVIDENDS 
41.1 
Subject to the Statutes, the Company may by ordinary resolution declare that out of profits 
available for distribution there be paid dividends to members in accordance with their 
respective rights and priorities but no dividend shall exceed the amount recommended by 
the Board. 
41.2 
Except as otherwise provided by these Articles or the rights attached to any shares, all 
dividends shall be declared and paid according to the amounts paid on the shares in respect 
of which the dividend is paid; but no amount paid on a share in advance of the date upon 
which a call is payable shall be treated for the purposes of this Article or Article 41.5 as paid 
on the share. 
41.3 
All dividends shall be apportioned and paid proportionately to the amounts paid or credited 
as paid on the shares during any portion or portions of the period in respect of which the 
dividend is paid; but if any share is issued on terms providing that it shall rank for dividend 
as from a particular date or be entitled to dividends declared after a particular date, such 
share shall rank for or be entitled to dividends accordingly. 
41.4 
Any general meeting declaring a dividend may, upon the recommendation of the Board, by 
ordinary resolution direct that it shall be paid or satisfied wholly or partly by the distribution 
of assets, and in particular by paid-up shares or debentures of any other company, and the 
Board shall give effect to such direction.  If the shares in respect of which such a non-cash 
distribution is paid are uncertificated, any shares in the Company which are issued as a non-
cash distribution in respect of them must be uncertificated.  Where any difficulty arises in 
regard to such distribution, the Board may settle it as it thinks expedient, and in particular 
may issue fractional certificates or authorise any person to sell and transfer any fractions or

--- Page 103 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
43 
 
 
may ignore fractions altogether, and may fix the value for distribution purposes of such 
assets (or any part thereof) and may determine that cash shall be paid to any members upon 
the footing of the value so fixed in order to secure equality of distribution, and may vest any 
such assets in trustees, upon trust for the members entitled to the dividend, as may seem 
expedient to the Board. 
41.5 
Subject to the Statutes, the Board may from time to time pay to the members such interim 
dividends as appear to the Board to be justified by the profits of the Company available for 
distribution and the position of the Company, and the Board may also pay the fixed dividend 
payable on any shares of the Company with preferential rights half-yearly or otherwise on 
fixed dates whenever such profits, in the opinion of the Board, justify that course.  In 
particular (but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing), if at any time the share 
capital of the Company is divided into different classes, the Board may pay interim 
dividends on shares in the capital of the Company which confer deferred or non-preferential 
rights as well as in respect of shares which confer preferential rights with regard to dividend, 
but no interim dividend shall be paid on shares carrying deferred or non-preferential rights 
if, at the time of payment, any preferential dividend is in arrear.  Provided the Board acts in 
good faith, the Board shall not incur any liability to the holders of shares conferring any 
preferential rights for any loss that they may suffer by reason of the lawful payment of an 
interim dividend on any shares having deferred or non-preferential rights. 
41.6 
The Board may deduct from any dividend payable to any member on or in respect of a share 
all sums of money (if any) presently payable by him to the Company on account of calls or 
otherwise in relation to shares in the Company. 
41.7 
All dividends and interest shall belong and be paid (subject to any lien of the Company) to 
those members whose names shall be on the register at the date at which such dividend shall 
be declared or at the date at which such interest shall be payable respectively, or at such 
other date as the Company by ordinary resolution or the Board may determine, 
notwithstanding any subsequent transfer or transmission of shares. 
41.8 
The Board may pay the dividends or interest payable on shares in respect of which any 
person is by transmission entitled to be registered as holder to such person upon production 
of such certificate and evidence as would be required if such person desired to be registered 
as a member in respect of such shares. 
41.9 
No dividend or other monies payable in respect of a share shall bear interest against the 
Company unless otherwise expressly provided by the rights attached to the share.  All 
dividends, interest and other sums payable which are unclaimed for one year after having 
been declared may be invested or otherwise made use of by the Board for the benefit of the 
Company until such time as they are claimed.  The payment of any unclaimed dividend, 
interest or other sum payable by the Company on or in respect of any share into a separate 
account shall not constitute the Company a trustee of the same.  All dividends unclaimed for 
a period of 12 years after having been declared shall be forfeited and shall revert to the 
Company.

--- Page 104 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
44 
 
 
41.10 
The Company may pay any dividend, interest or other monies payable in cash in respect of 
shares by direct debit, bank transfer, cheque, dividend warrant or money order.  In respect of 
shares in uncertificated form, where the Company is authorised to do so by or on behalf of 
the holder or joint holders in such manner as the Company shall from time to time consider 
sufficient, the Company may also pay any such dividend, interest or other monies by means 
of the relevant system concerned (subject always to the facilities and requirements of that 
relevant system).  Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, in respect of shares 
in uncertificated form, such payment may include the sending by the Company or by any 
person on its behalf of an instruction to the Operator of the relevant system to credit the cash 
memorandum account of the holder or joint holders or, if permitted by the Company, of 
such person as the holder or joint holders may in writing direct. 
41.11 
Every such cheque, warrant or order may be remitted by post directed to the registered 
postal address of the holder or, in the case of joint holders, to the registered postal address of 
the joint holder whose name stands first in the register, or to such person and to such postal 
address as the holder or joint holders may in writing direct.  Every such cheque, warrant or 
order shall be made payable to or to the order of the person to whom it is sent, or to such 
other person as the holder or joint holders may in writing direct. 
41.12 
Every such payment made by direct debit or bank transfer shall be made to the holder or 
joint holders or to or through such other person as the holder or joint holders may in writing 
direct. 
41.13 
The Company shall not be responsible for any loss of any such cheque, warrant or order and 
any payment made by direct debit, bank transfer, by means of a relevant system or such 
other method shall be at the sole risk of the holder or joint holders.  Without prejudice to the 
generality of the foregoing, if any such cheque, warrant or order has or shall be alleged to 
have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Directors may, on request of the person entitled 
thereto, issue a replacement cheque, warrant or order subject to compliance with such 
conditions as to evidence and indemnity and the payment of out-of-pocket expenses of the 
Company in connection with the request as the Directors may think fit. 
41.14 
Payment of such cheque, warrant or order, the collection of funds from or transfer of funds 
by a bank in accordance with such direct debit or bank transfer or, in respect of shares in 
uncertificated form, the making of payment in accordance with the facilities and 
requirements of the relevant system concerned shall in each case be a good discharge to the 
Company. 
41.15 
Any one of two or more joint holders may give effectual receipts for any dividends or other 
monies payable in respect of the share held by him as joint holder. 
41.16 
The Board may, if authorised by an ordinary resolution of the Company, offer the holders of 
ordinary shares the right to elect to receive additional ordinary shares, credited as fully paid, 
instead of cash in respect of any dividend or any part (to be determined by the Board) of any 
dividend specified by the ordinary resolution.  The following provisions shall apply:

--- Page 105 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
45 
 
 
41.16.1 
an ordinary resolution may specify a particular dividend or dividends, 
or may specify all or any dividends declared within a specified period, 
but such period may not end later than the conclusion of the fifth 
annual general meeting following the date of the meeting at which the 
ordinary resolution is passed; 
41.16.2 
the entitlement of each holder of ordinary shares to new ordinary shares 
shall be such that the relevant value of such new ordinary shares shall 
in aggregate be as nearly as possible equal to (but not greater than) the 
cash amount (disregarding any tax credit) that such holder would have 
received by way of dividend.  For this purpose "relevant value" shall 
be calculated by reference to the average of the middle market 
quotations for the Company’s ordinary shares on the London Stock 
Exchange as derived from the Daily Official List on the day on which 
the ordinary shares are first quoted "ex" the relevant dividend and the 
four subsequent dealing days, or in such other manner as may be 
determined by or in accordance with the ordinary resolution, but shall 
never be less than the par value of the new ordinary share.  A certificate 
or report by the auditors as to the amount of the relevant value in 
respect of any dividend shall be conclusive evidence of that amount; 
41.16.3 
the Board may, after determining the basis of allotment, notify the 
holders of ordinary shares in writing of the right of election offered to 
them, and specify the procedure to be followed and place at which, and 
the latest time by which, elections must be lodged in order to be 
effective.  The basis of allotment shall be such that no shareholder may 
receive a fraction of a share; 
41.16.4 
the Board may exclude from any offer any holders of ordinary shares 
where the Board believes that the making of the offer to them would or 
might involve the contravention of the laws of any territory or that for 
any other reason the offer should not be made to them; 
41.16.5 
the dividend (or that part of the dividend in respect of which a right of 
election has been offered) shall not be payable on ordinary shares in 
respect of which an election has been made (the "elected ordinary 
shares") and instead additional ordinary shares shall be allotted to the 
holders of the elected ordinary shares on the basis of allotment 
calculated as stated.  For such purpose the Board shall capitalise, out of 
any amount for the time being standing to the credit of any reserve or 
fund (including any share premium account, any capital reserve and the 
profit and loss account) or otherwise available for distribution as the 
Board may determine, a sum equal to the aggregate nominal amount of 
the additional ordinary shares to be allotted on that basis and apply it in 
paying up in full the appropriate number of unissued ordinary shares

--- Page 106 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
46 
 
 
for allotment and distribution to the holders of the elected ordinary 
shares on that basis; 
41.16.6 
the additional ordinary shares when allotted shall rank pari passu in all 
respects with fully paid ordinary shares then in issue except that they 
will not be entitled to participate in the relevant dividend (including the 
share election in lieu of such dividend); and 
41.16.7 
the Board may do such acts and things which it considers necessary or 
expedient to give effect to any such capitalisation and may authorise 
any person to enter on behalf of all the members interested into an 
agreement with the Company providing for such capitalisation, and any 
incidental matters and any agreement so made shall be binding on all 
concerned. 
42. 
RESERVES 
42.1 
The Board may, before recommending any dividend (whether preferential or otherwise), set 
aside out of the profits of the Company such sums as it thinks fit as a reserve or reserves 
which shall, at the discretion of the Board, be applicable for any purpose to which the profits 
of the Company may be properly applied, and pending such application may, also at such 
discretion, either be employed in the business of the Company or be invested in such 
investments as the Board may think fit, and so that it shall not be necessary to keep any 
investments constituting the reserve or reserves separate or distinct from any other 
investments of the Company.  The Board may also, without placing the same to reserve, 
carry forward any profits which it may think prudent not to distribute. 
43. 
CAPITALISATION OF PROFITS 
43.1 
The Company may, upon the recommendation of the Board, resolve by ordinary resolution 
that it be desirable to capitalise all or any part of the profits of the Company specified in 
Article 43.5 and accordingly that the Board be authorised and directed to appropriate the 
profits so resolved to be capitalised to the members as at the date specified in the relevant 
resolution or determined as therein provided who would have been entitled thereto if 
distributed by way of dividend and in the same proportions. 
43.2 
Subject to any direction given by the Company, the Board shall appropriate the profits 
resolved to be capitalised by any such resolution, and apply such profits on behalf of the 
members entitled thereto either: 
43.2.1 
in or towards paying up the amounts, if any, for the time being unpaid 
on any shares held by such members respectively; or 
43.2.2 
in paying up in full unissued shares, debentures or obligations of the 
Company, of a nominal amount equal to such profits, for allotment and

--- Page 107 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
47 
 
 
distribution, credited as fully paid, to and amongst such members in the 
proportions referred to above or as they may direct, 
or partly in one way and partly in the other provided that no unrealised profit shall be 
applied in paying up amounts unpaid on any issued shares and the only purpose to which 
sums standing to capital redemption reserve or share premium account shall be applied 
pursuant to this Article shall be the payment up in full of unissued shares to be allotted and 
distributed to members credited as fully paid. 
43.3 
The Board shall have power after the passing of any such resolution: 
43.3.1 
to make such provision (by the issue of fractional certificates or by 
payment in cash or otherwise) as it thinks fit for the case of shares, 
debentures or obligations becoming distributable in fractions, such 
power to include the right for the Company to retain small amounts the 
cost of distribution of which would be disproportionate to the amounts 
involved; 
43.3.2 
to authorise any person to enter, on behalf of all the members entitled 
thereto, into an agreement with the Company providing (as the case 
may require) either: 
(a) 
for the payment up by the Company on behalf of such members (by 
the application thereto of their respective proportions of the profits 
resolved to be capitalised) of the amounts, or any part of the amounts, 
remaining unpaid on their existing shares; or 
(b) 
for the allotment to such members respectively, credited as fully paid, 
of any further shares, debentures or obligations to which they may be 
entitled upon such capitalisation, 
and any agreement made under such authority shall be effective and binding on all such 
members. 
43.4 
The Company in general meeting may resolve that any shares allotted pursuant to Articles 
43.1 to 43.3 (inclusive) to holders of any partly paid ordinary shares shall, so long as such 
ordinary shares remain partly paid, rank for dividends only to the extent that such partly paid 
ordinary shares rank for dividends. 
43.5 
The profits of the Company to which Articles 43.1 to 43.3 (inclusive) apply shall be any 
undivided profits of the Company not required for paying the fixed dividends on any 
preference shares or other shares issued on special conditions and shall also be deemed to 
include: 
43.5.1 
any profits arising from appreciation in capital assets (whether realised 
by sale or ascertained by valuation); and

--- Page 108 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
48 
 
 
43.5.2 
any amounts for the time being standing to any reserve or reserves or to 
the capital redemption reserve or to the share premium or other special 
account. 
44. 
NOTICES 
44.1 
Subject to the specific terms of any Article, any notice to be given to or by any person 
pursuant to these Articles shall be in writing (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall be 
deemed to include a notice given in electronic form or by website communication), save that 
a notice convening a meeting of the Board or of a committee of the Board need not be in 
writing. 
44.2 
Save as provided in Articles 44.5 to 44.12, any notice or other Shareholder Information may 
be served by the Company on, or supplied by the Company to, any person by hand or by 
sending it by first-class post in a prepaid envelope addressed to such person at his postal 
address as appearing in the register or by sending or supplying it in electronic form or by 
website communication in accordance with Article 44.5.  In the case of joint holders of a 
share all notices or other Shareholder Information shall be given or supplied to the joint 
holder who is named first in the register, and notice so given or other Shareholder 
Information so supplied shall be sufficient notice or supply to all the joint holders.  Any 
notice to be given to a person may be given by reference to the register as it stands at any 
time within the period of 15 days before the notice is given and no change in the register 
after that time shall invalidate the giving of the notice. 
44.3 
In the case of notices or other Shareholder Information sent by post, proof that an envelope 
containing the communication was properly addressed, prepaid and posted shall be 
conclusive evidence that the notice was given or other Shareholder Information sent.  If the 
communication is made by post, it shall be deemed to be given or received at the expiration 
of 48 hours after the envelope containing it was posted.  In calculating the period of hours 
for the purposes of this Article no account shall be taken of Sundays or Bank Holidays. 
44.4 
Any member or person nominated to receive Shareholder Information whose address in the 
register is not within the United Kingdom and who gives to the Company a postal address 
within the United Kingdom at which notices may be served upon him shall be entitled to 
have notices served upon him at such postal address, but otherwise no such person, other 
than a person whose address in the register is within the United Kingdom, shall be entitled 
to receive any notice from the Company.  Any member or person nominated by a member to 
receive Shareholder Information whose address in the register is not within the United 
Kingdom and who gives to the Company an address for the purposes of receipt of 
communications in electronic form may, at the absolute discretion of the Board, have 
notices served upon him at such address. 
44.5 
Subject to the provisions of the Statutes, any notice or other Shareholder Information 
(excluding a share certificate) will be validly sent or supplied if sent or supplied by the 
Company to any member or person nominated by a member to receive Shareholder

--- Page 109 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
49 
 
 
Information in electronic form if that person has agreed (generally or specifically) (or, if the 
member is a company and it is deemed by the Statutes to have agreed) that the 
communication may be sent or supplied in that form and: 
44.5.1 
the notice or other Shareholder Information is sent using electronic 
means (as that term is used in section 1168 of the Act) to such address 
(or to one of such addresses if more than one) as may for the time being 
be notified by the member to the Company (generally or specifically) 
for that purpose or, if the intended recipient is a company, to such 
address as may be deemed by a provision of the Statutes to have been 
so specified; 
44.5.2 
the notice or other Shareholder Information is sent or supplied in 
electronic form by hand, handed to the recipient or sent or supplied to 
an address to which it could validly be sent if it were in hard copy 
form; and 
44.5.3 
in each case that person has not revoked the agreement. 
44.6 
Subject to the provisions of the Statutes any notice or other Shareholder Information 
(excluding a share certificate) will be validly sent or supplied by the Company if it is made 
available by means of a website communication where that person has agreed, or is deemed 
by the Statutes to have agreed (generally or specifically) that the communication may be 
sent or supplied to him in that manner and: 
44.6.1 
that person has not revoked the agreement; 
44.6.2 
that person is notified in a manner for the time being agreed for the 
purpose between that person and the Company of: 
(a) 
the publication of the notice or other Shareholder Information on a 
website; 
(b) 
the address of that website; and 
(c) 
the place on that website where the notice or other Shareholder 
Information may be accessed and how it may be accessed; 
44.6.3 
the notice or other Shareholder Information continues to be published 
on the website throughout the period specified in the Act; and 
44.6.4 
the notice or other Shareholder Information is published on the website 
throughout the period referred to in Article 44.6.3 provided that if the 
notice or other Shareholder Information is published on that website for 
a part but not all of such period, the notice or other Shareholder 
Information will be treated as published throughout that period if the

--- Page 110 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
50 
 
 
failure to publish the notice or other Shareholder Information 
throughout that period is wholly attributable to circumstances which it 
would not be reasonable to have expected the Company to prevent or 
avoid. 
44.7 
When any notice or other Shareholder Information is given or sent by the Company by 
electronic means (as that term is used in section 1168 of the Act), it shall be deemed to have 
been given on the same day as it was sent to an address supplied by the member or person 
nominated by the member to receive Shareholder Information, and in the case of the 
publication of a notice or other Shareholder Information by website communication, it shall 
be deemed to have been received by the intended recipient when the material was first made 
available on the website or, if later, when the recipient received (or is deemed to have 
received) notice of the fact that the material was available on the website pursuant to Article 
44.6.2.  Proof that a notice contained in an electronic communication was sent in accordance 
with guidance issued by the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators shall be 
conclusive evidence that the notice was given. 
44.8 
Any provision of this Article 44 which refers to anything agreed, notified or specified by a 
member shall be deemed to have been validly agreed, notified or specified, notwithstanding 
any provisions of the Statutes, if agreed, notified or specified by only one and not all of the 
joint holders of any shares held in joint names. 
44.9 
Where in accordance with these Articles a member is entitled or required to give or send to 
the Company a notice in writing, the Company may, if it in its absolute discretion so 
decides, (and shall, if it is registered to do so or is deemed to have so agreed by any 
provision of the Statutes) permit such notices (or specified classes thereof) to be sent to the 
Company by such means of electronic communication as may from time to time be specified 
(or be deemed by the Statutes to be agreed) by the Company, so as to be received at such 
address as may for the time being be specified (or deemed by the Statutes to be specified) by 
the Company (generally or specifically) for the purpose.  Any means of so giving or sending 
such notices by electronic communication shall be subject to any terms, limitations, 
conditions or restrictions that the Directors may from time to time prescribe. 
44.10 
A member or person nominated by the member to receive Shareholder Information who 
(having no registered address within the United Kingdom) has not supplied to the Company 
either a postal address within the United Kingdom for the service of notices or an address 
for the service of notices in electronic form, subject always to the terms of Article 44.6 shall 
not be entitled to receive notices from the Company.  If, on three consecutive occasions, a 
notice to a member or person nominated by the member to receive Shareholder Information 
has been returned undelivered or the Company receives notice that it is undelivered, such 
member shall not thereafter be entitled to receive notices from the Company until he shall 
have communicated with the Company and supplied in writing to the office a new postal 
address within the United Kingdom for the service of notices or shall have informed the 
Company, in such manner as may be specified by the Company, of an address for the 
service of notices in electronic form, subject always to the terms of Article 44.6.  For these

--- Page 111 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
51 
 
 
purposes, a notice sent by post shall be treated as returned undelivered if the notice is sent 
back to the Company (or its agents) and a notice sent by electronic communication shall be 
treated as returned undelivered if the Company (or its agents) receive(s) notification that the 
notice was not delivered to the address to which it was sent. 
44.11 
Every person who becomes entitled to a share: 
44.11.1 
except as mentioned in Article 44.11.2, shall be bound by any notice in 
respect of that share which, before his name is entered in the register, 
has been duly given to a person from whom he derives his title; but 
44.11.2 
shall not be bound by any such notice given by the Company under 
section 793 of the Act or under Article 20.5. 
44.12 
If the postal service in the United Kingdom or some part of the United Kingdom is 
suspended or restricted, the directors only need to give notice of a meeting to shareholders 
with whom the company can communicate by electronic means and who have provided the 
company with an address for this purpose. The company must also publish the notice in at 
least one United Kingdom national newspaper and make it available on its website from the 
date of such publication until the conclusion of the meeting or any adjournment of the 
meeting. If it becomes generally possible to send or supply notices by post in hard copy 
form at least six clear days before the meeting, the directors will send or supply a copy of 
the notice by post to those who would otherwise receive it in hard copy form by way of 
confirmation. 
44.13 
A person entitled to a share in consequence of the death, mental disorder or bankruptcy of a 
member on supply to the Company of such evidence as the Board may reasonably require to 
show his title to that share, and upon supplying also a postal address within the United 
Kingdom for the service of notices and documents and, if he wishes, an address for the 
service and delivery of electronic communications, shall be entitled (subject always to the 
terms of Article 44) to have served on or delivered to him at such address any notice or 
document to which the member but for his death, mental disorder or bankruptcy would have 
been entitled, and such service or delivery shall for all purposes be deemed a sufficient 
service or delivery of such notice or document on all persons interested (whether jointly 
with or as claiming through or under him) in the share.  Until such address or addresses have 
been so supplied, any notice or other Shareholder Information may be sent or supplied in 
any manner in which it might have been sent or supplied if the death, mental disorder or 
bankruptcy had not occurred and if so sent or supplied shall be deemed to have been duly 
sent or supplied  in respect of any share registered in the name of such member as sole or 
first-named joint holder. 
44.14 
Any member present, either personally or by proxy or (in the case of a corporate member) 
by representative, at any general meeting of the Company or of the holders of any class of 
shares in the Company shall for all purposes be deemed to have received due notice of such 
meeting and, where required, of the purposes for which such meeting was called.

--- Page 112 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
52 
 
 
45. 
UNTRACED MEMBERS 
45.1 
The Company shall be entitled to sell at the best price reasonably obtainable the shares of a 
member or the shares to which a person is entitled by virtue of transmission on death or 
bankruptcy if and provided that: 
45.1.1 
during the period of 12 years prior to the date of the publication of the 
advertisements referred to in Article 45.1.2 (or, if published on 
different dates, the earlier or earliest thereof), at least three dividends in 
respect of the shares have become payable and no dividend has been 
claimed during that period in respect of such shares; 
45.1.2 
the Company shall, on or after the expiry of the said 12 years, have 
inserted advertisements, both in a national newspaper and in a 
newspaper circulating in the area of the last-known postal address of 
such member or other person (or the postal address at which service of 
notices may be effected in accordance with these Articles), giving 
notice of its intention to sell the said shares; 
45.1.3 
the said advertisements, if not published on the same day, shall be 
published within 30 days of each other; and 
45.1.4 
during the said period of 12 years and the period of three months 
following the date of publication of the said advertisements (or, if 
published on different dates, the later or latest thereof) and prior to the 
exercise of the power of sale, the Company shall not have received an 
indication either of the whereabouts or of the existence of such member 
or person. 
45.2 
If, during the period referred to in Article 45.1.1, any additional shares have been issued by 
way of rights in respect of shares held at the commencement of such period or in respect of 
shares so issued previously during such period, the Company may, if the requirement of 
Articles 45.1.1 to 45.1.4 have been satisfied, also sell such additional shares. 
45.3 
To give effect to any such sale the Company may: 
45.3.1 
if the shares concerned are in uncertificated form, in accordance with 
the Regulations, issue a written notification to the Operator requiring 
the conversion of the shares into certificated form; and 
45.3.2 
appoint any person to execute as transferor an instrument of transfer of 
the said shares and such instrument of transfer shall be as effective as if 
it had been executed by the holder of, or person entitled by 
transmission to, such shares.

--- Page 113 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
53 
 
 
45.4 
The title of the transferee shall not be affected by any irregularity in or invalidity of the 
proceedings relating thereto. 
45.5 
The net proceeds of sale shall belong to the Company which shall: 
45.5.1 
be obliged to account to the former member or other person previously 
entitled as aforesaid for an amount equal to such proceeds; and 
45.5.2 
(until the Company has so accounted) enter the name of such former 
member or other person in the books of the Company as a creditor for 
such amount. 
45.6 
No trust shall be created in respect of the debt, no interest shall be payable in respect of the 
same and the Company shall not be required to account for any money earned on the net 
proceeds which may be employed in the business of the Company or invested in such 
investments (other than shares of the Company or its holding company (if any)) as the Board 
may think fit. 
46. 
DESTRUCTION OF DOCUMENTS 
46.1 
The Company shall be entitled to destroy: 
46.1.1 
at  any time after the expiration of six years from the date of 
registration thereof or on which an entry in respect thereof shall have 
been made (as the case may be), all instruments of transfer of shares of 
the Company which shall have been registered and all letters of request, 
renounced allotment letters, renounceable share certificates, forms of 
acceptance and transfers and applications for allotment in respect of 
which an entry in the register shall have been made; 
46.1.2 
at any time after the expiration of one year from the date of cancellation 
thereof, all registered certificates for shares of the Company (being 
certificates for shares in the name of a transferor and in respect whereof 
the Company has registered a transfer) and all mandates and other 
written directions as to the payment of dividends (being mandates or 
directions which have been cancelled); and 
46.1.3 
at any time after the expiration of one year from the date of the 
recording thereof, all notifications of change of name or address 
(including addresses for the purpose of receipt of communications in 
electronic form). 
46.2 
It shall conclusively be presumed in favour of the Company that every entry in the register 
purporting to have been made on the basis of an instrument of transfer or other document so 
destroyed was duly and properly made, and every instrument of transfer so destroyed was a 
valid and effective instrument duly and properly registered, and every share certificate so

--- Page 114 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
54 
 
 
destroyed was a valid and effective certificate duly and properly cancelled, and every other 
document hereinbefore mentioned was in accordance with the recorded particulars thereof in 
the books or records of the Company provided always that: 
46.2.1 
the foregoing provisions shall apply only to the destruction of a 
document in good faith and without notice of any claim (regardless of 
the parties thereto) to which the document might be relevant; 
46.2.2 
nothing contained in this Article or Article 46.1 shall be construed as 
imposing upon the Company any liability in respect of the destruction 
of any such document earlier than as aforesaid or in any other 
circumstances which would not attach to the Company in the absence 
of this Article or Article 46.1; 
46.2.3 
references herein to the destruction of any document include references 
to its disposal in any manner; and 
46.2.4 
any document referred to in Articles 46.1.1, 46.1.2 and 46.1.3 may be 
destroyed at a date earlier than that authorised by Article 46.1 provided 
that a permanent copy of such document shall have been made which 
shall not be destroyed before the expiration of the period applicable to 
the destruction of the original of such document and in respect of which 
the Board shall take adequate precautions for guarding against 
falsification and shall provide adequate means for its reproduction. 
47. 
WINDING-UP 
47.1 
The power of sale of a liquidator shall include a power to sell wholly or partially shares or 
debentures, or other obligations of another company, either then already constituted, or 
about to be constituted, for the purpose of carrying out the sale. 
47.2 
On any voluntary winding-up of the Company, the liquidator may, with the sanction of a 
special resolution of the Company and any other sanction required by the Act or the 
Insolvency Act 1986 (as amended), divide among the members in specie the whole or any 
part of the assets of the Company and may, for that purpose, value any assets and determine 
how the division shall be carried out as between the members or different classes of 
members.  Any such division shall be in accordance with the existing rights of the members.  
The liquidator may, with the like sanction, vest the whole or any part of the assets of the 
Company in trustees on such trusts for the benefit of the members as he, with the like 
sanction, shall determine, but no member shall be compelled to accept any assets on which 
there is a liability. 
48. 
PROVISION FOR EMPLOYEES 
48.1 
The Company may, pursuant to a resolution of the Board and in accordance with the Act, 
make provision for the benefit of persons employed or formerly employed by the Company

--- Page 115 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
55 
 
 
or any of its subsidiaries in connection with the cessation or the transfer to any person of the 
whole or part of the undertaking of the Company or that subsidiary. 
49. 
INDEMNITY 
49.1 
Subject to the Act the Company may indemnify, out of the assets of the Company, any 
director of the Company or of any associated company against all losses and liabilities 
which he may sustain or incur in the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in 
relation thereto, provided that this Article 49.1 shall only have effect insofar as its provisions 
are not void under sections 232 or 234 of the Act. 
49.2 
The Company may also indemnify, out of the assets of the Company, any director of either 
the Company or any associated company where the Company or such associated company 
acts as trustee of a pension scheme, against liability incurred by him in connection with the 
relevant company’s activities as trustee of such scheme, provided that this Article 49.2 shall 
only have effect in so far as its provisions are not void under sections 232 or 235 of the Act. 
49.3 
Subject to sections 205(2) to (4) of the Act, the Company may provide a Director with funds 
to meet expenditure incurred or to be incurred by him in defending (or seeking relief in 
respect of) any civil or criminal proceedings brought or threatened against him in connection 
with any alleged negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust by him in relation to 
the Company or an associated company, and the Company shall be permitted to take or omit 
to take any action or enter into any arrangement which would otherwise be prohibited under 
sections 197 to 203 of the Act to enable a director to avoid incurring such expenditure. 
49.4 
Subject to section 206 of the Act, the Company may also provide a Director with funds to 
meet expenditure incurred or to be incurred by him in defending himself in an investigation 
by a regulatory authority or against action proposed to be taken by a regulatory authority in 
connection with any alleged negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust by him in 
relation to the Company  or any associated company and the Company shall be permitted to 
take or omit to take any action or enter into any arrangement which would otherwise be 
prohibited under section 197 of the Act to enable a director to avoid incurring such 
expenditure. 
49.5 
For the purpose of Articles 49.1, 49.2 and 49.4 the expression "associated company" shall 
mean a company which is either a subsidiary or a holding company of the Company or a 
subsidiary of such holding company as such terms are defined in the Act. 
50. 
INSURANCE 
50.1 
Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Board shall have the power to purchase and 
maintain insurance for or for the benefit of any persons who are or were at any time 
Directors, officers or employees of the Company, or of any company or body which is its 
holding company or in which the Company or such holding company has an interest 
whether direct or indirect or which is in any way allied to or associated with the Company or 
who were at any time trustees of any pension fund in which any employees of the Company

--- Page 116 ---
TS4/21246830/04/AEB/MB3 
56 
 
 
or of any other such company or body are interested including (without prejudice to the 
generality of the foregoing) insurance against any liability incurred by such persons in 
respect of any act or omission in the actual or purported execution and/or discharge of their 
duties and/or in the exercise or purported exercise of their powers and/or otherwise in 
relation to their duties, powers or offices in relation to the Company and/or any such other 
company, body or pension fund.

--- Page 117 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
59
Annex 2 Legal structure of the Group 
 
Company name 
Country of 
incorporation 
Direct / 
indirect 
Group 
interest 
% of share 
capital/voting 
rights held by 
Group companies 
Genetics 
 
 
 
Benchmark Genetics Brasil Cultivo de Especies Aquaticas Ltda 
Brazil 
Indirect 
80% 
Akvaforsk Genetic Center Spring Mexico, SA de CV (dormant) 
Mexico 
Indirect 
80% 
Benchmark Genetics USA Inc. 
USA 
Indirect 
80% 
Benchmark Genetics Chile SpA 
Chile 
Indirect 
100% 
Benchmark Genetics Limited 
United Kingdom 
Indirect 
100% 
Benchmark Genetics Colombia SAS 
Colombia 
Indirect 
100% 
Benchmark Genetics Norway AS 
Norway 
Indirect 
100% 
Icecod A Islandi EHF (dormant) 
Iceland 
Indirect 
99.32% 
Benchmark Genetics Salten AS 
Norway 
Indirect 
75% 
Spring Genetics SRL  
Costa Rica 
Indirect 
100% 
Stofnfiskur Chile Limitada (dormant) 
Chile 
Indirect 
100% 
Benchmark Genetics Iceland HF 
Iceland 
Indirect 
100% 
Stofngen EHF (dormant) 
Iceland 
Indirect 
100% 
Sudourlax EHF (dormant) 
Iceland 
Indirect 
100% 
Advanced Nutrition 
 
 
 
Fortune Ocean Americas, LLC 
USA 
Indirect 
100% 
Fortune Ocean Technologies Ltd (dormant) 
Hong Kong 
Indirect 
100% 
Golden West Artemia 
USA 
Indirect 
100% 
Inland Sea Incorporated 
USA 
Indirect 
100% 
INVE (Thailand) Ltd. 
Thailand 
Indirect 
100% 
Inve Animal Health, S.A. 
Spain 
Indirect 
100% 
Inve Aquaculture Europe Holding B.V. 
Netherlands 
Indirect 
100% 
Benchmark Holding Europe B.V. 
Netherlands 
Indirect 
100% 
Inve Aquaculture México, S.A. de C.V. 
Mexico 
Indirect 
100% 
Inve Aquaculture NV 
Belgium 
Indirect 
100% 
Inve Aquaculture Temp Holding B.V. 
Netherlands 
Indirect 
100% 
INVE Aquaculture, Inc. 
USA 
Indirect 
100% 
Inve Asia Ltd 
Hong Kong 
Indirect 
100% 
INVE Asia Services Ltd. 
Thailand 
Indirect 
100% 
Inve do Brasil Ltda. 
Brazil 
Indirect 
100% 
Inve Eurasia SA 
Turkey 
Indirect 
100% 
Inve Hellas S.A. 
Greece 
Indirect 
100% 
Inve Latin America B.V. 
Netherlands 
Indirect 
100% 
Inve Technologies NV 
Belgium 
Indirect 
100% 
INVE USA Holdings, Inc. 
USA 
Indirect 
100% 
Inve Vietnam Company Ltd 
Vietnam 
Indirect 
100% 
Invecuador S.A. 
Ecuador 
Indirect 
100% 
Inveservicios, S.A. de C.V. 
Mexico 
Indirect 
100% 
Maricoltura di Rosignano Solvay S.r.l. 
Italy 
Indirect 
100% 
PT. Inve Indonesia 
Indonesia 
Indirect 
100% 
Salt Creek Holdings, Inc. 
USA 
Indirect 
100% 
Salt Creek, Inc. 
USA 
Indirect 
100% 
Sanders Brine Shrimp Company, L.C. 
USA 
Indirect 
100% 
Tianjin INVE Aquaculture Co., Ltd 
China 
Indirect 
100% 
United Aquaculture Technologies, LLC 
USA 
Indirect 
100% 
Health 
 
 
 
Benchmark Animal Health Group Limited 
United Kingdom 
Indirect 
100% 
Benchmark Animal Health Limited 
United Kingdom 
Indirect 
100% 
Benchmark Vaccines Limited 
United Kingdom 
Indirect 
100% 
Benchmark Animal Health Inc. 
Canada 
Indirect 
100% 
Benchmark Animal Health US, Inc. 
USA 
Indirect 
100% 
Benchmark Animal Health Chile SpA 
Chile 
Indirect 
100% 
Benchmark Animal Health Norway AS 
Norway 
Indirect 
100% 
Knowledge Services1 
 
 
 
FAI Aquaculture Limited2 
United Kingdom 
Indirect 
100% 
1) 
All operations in the Knowledge Services business area were discontinued in 2019 and 2020 and either disposed or 
ceased during 2020. 
2) 
FAI Aquaculture Limited (company number 04450207) and 5M Enterprises Limited (company number 03332321) are 
exempt from the requirements of the UK Companies Act under S479A-479C relating to the audit of individual accounts.

--- Page 118 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
60
Annex 3 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 119 ---
[Annex 3] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
for 
 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
West Sussex, [Date]

--- Page 120 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms. 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert the following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness

--- Page 121 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
3  
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clientsare 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].] 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 31 March 2023 and [the supplement[s] 
to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
 
The Base Prospectus dated 31 March 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the “Base 
Prospectus”). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website https://www.benchmarkplc.com, or on the Issuer's visit address, Highdown House, Yeoman Way, 
Worthing, West Sussex, BN99 3HH, United Kingdom, or their successor (s).

--- Page 122 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
4  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
Benchmark Holdings plc 
Highdown House,  
Yeoman Way,  
Worthing,  
West Sussex, BN99 3HH,  
United Kingdom  
 
Telephone: +44 (0)114 240 9939 
 
Registration number 04115910 i with the Companies House, 
England and Wales, United Kingdom. 
LEI-code ((legal entity identifier): 2138001UQHM4VZGXUJ19. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 31 March 2023. 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Who is the issuer of the securities 
Benchmark Holdings plc 
Domicile and legal form 
The Company is a public limited company, incorporated and 
domiciled in England and Wales 
Principal activities 
Benchmark is an aquaculture biotechnology company providing 
products and solutions in genetics, health and specialist nutrition 
to aquaculture producers. 
Major shareholders 
 
An overview of the Company's 20 largest shareholders as recorded in the shareholders' register of the Company 
as of 17 March 2023 is set out in the table below: 
 
 
# 
Shareholder name 
No. of Shares 
% of total Shares  
1 
Ferd AS 
191,923,746 
25.97% 
2 
Kverva AS 
158,144,853 
21.39%

--- Page 123 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
5  
3 
JNE Partners 
168,101,261 
22.74% 
4 
Harwood Capital 
29,185,000 
3.95% 
5 
DNB Asset Management 
21,294,551 
2.88% 
6 
Canaccord Genuity Wealth Management 
20,704,522 
2.80% 
7 
Odyssean Investment Trust 
18,015,000 
2.44% 
8 
Gresham House Asset Management 
15,416,273 
2.09% 
9 
Rabo Investments 
11,986,578 
1.62% 
10 
Janus Henderson Investors 
10,467,961 
1.42% 
11 
Wheatsheaf Investments 
10,000,000 
1.35% 
12 
Palmyra Investments 
9,789,384 
1.32% 
13 
Sole Active AS 
8,734,748 
1.18% 
14 
Baillie Gifford 
8,457,319 
1.14% 
15 
BMK Employees 
5,702,978 
0.77% 
16 
Directors 
5,314,702 
0.72% 
17 
Barclays Bank 
3,938,300 
0.53% 
18 
Ex-Employees 
3,887,548 
0.53% 
19 
Hargreaves Lansdown 
3,770,955 
0.51% 
20 
Redmayne Bentley 
3,503,666 
0.47% 
 
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.  
 
Management 
 
 
Name  
Position  
Trond Williksen 
Chief Executive Officer 
Septima Maguire 
Chief Financial Officer 
John Marshall 
Head of Animal Health 
Jan-Emil Johannessen 
Head of Genetics 
Patrick Waty 
Head of Advanced Nutrition 
Ivonne Cantu 
Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Development 
Corina Holmes 
Group Head of People 
Ross Houston 
Director of R&D and Innovation 
Jennifer Haddouk 
Company Secretary & Group Legal Counsel 
 
 
Statutory auditors 
KPMG LLP  
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer 
 
Key financial information 
 
 
Benchmark Holdings plc financial statements: 
 
Amounts in GBP thousands 
Interim Financial 
Statements 
Special Purpose Financial 
Statements 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
 
 
2022 
2021 
2020 
Operating profit 
 -122 
-7,861 
-5,377 
-10,874 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
8,068 
10,810 
5,790 
-4,056 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
2,226 
-6,922 
-14,669 
30,133 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
 -2,156 
-11,216 
-23,090 
30,376

--- Page 124 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
6  
 
 
 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Special Purpose Financial Statements 2022. 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer   
• 
The loss of any key customers could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business 
• 
The Group's business could be adversely affected by 
non-deliveries within the Group's supply chain, or if raw 
materials, products or services are delivered with low 
quality or defects by suppliers 
• 
The Group is exposed to risks in relation to a 
concentration of revenue streams and in the event that 
any such revenue stream is adversely affected that could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group's results of 
operations and financial position. 
• 
The Group is exposed to risk relating to biosecurity and 
disease. 
• 
The Group operates in a competitive market in which 
large well-established competitors and smaller 
unconsolidated competitors operate and there is a risk 
that a successful introduction of new competing products 
or brands could cause a reduction in the Group's sales 
and margins, results of operations, financial condition 
and/or prospects. 
• 
The Group's operations may be affected by applicable 
rules and regulations relating to economic sanctions in 
various countries, prohibiting certain transactions, 
potentially including financial transactions and the 
transfer of products, to sanctioned governments, entities 
and persons. 
• 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to volatility of end 
markets and Fluctuations in demand may lead to lower 
revenues, low utilisation of employees, plant and 
equipment during periods of low production, increased 
working capital requirements and volatility in operating 
results. 
• 
The Group is exposed to risks relating to the supply of 
artemia, one of the Group's key products subject to 
volatility. 
 
 
 
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
What are the main features of the securities 
 
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code. 
[●] 
Currency for the bond issue 
[●] 
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities. 
[●] 
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded

--- Page 125 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
7  
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]  
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities 
 
Most material key risks 
• 
Risks of being unable to repay the Bonds: During the 
lifetime of the Bonds, the Company will be required to 
make payments on the Bonds. The Company's ability to 
generate cash flow from operation and to make 
scheduled payments on and to repay the Bonds, will 
depend on the future financial performance of the 
Company and the Group. In addition, the Company’s 
ability to pay amounts due on the Bonds may depend on 
the financial performance of its subsidiaries and upon the 
level of distributions, interest payments and loan 
repayments, if any, received from its operating 
subsidiaries (which may be subject to restrictions). If the 
Company is unable to generate sufficient cash flow from 
operations or through distributions from its subsidiaries in 
the future to service its debt, it will be forced to adopt an 
alternative strategy that may include actions such as 
reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, 
restructuring or refinancing indebtedness or seeking 
equity capital. The Company cannot assure investors 
that any of these alternative strategies could be effected 
on satisfactory terms, if at all, or that they would yield 
sufficient funds to make required payments on or to 
repay the Bonds. Inability to effect such strategies may 
have a material adverse effect on the Company's 
business, results of operations, financial position and/or 
prospects. 
 
• 
Company may have insufficient funds to make 
required redemptions or repurchases of Bonds: The 
terms of the Bond Issue provide for certain redemption 
and repurchase mechanics in respect of the Bonds 
which entail redemption or repurchase with a premium, 
either voluntarily or mandatorily. The latter will be the 
case inter alia upon the occurrence of a change of 
control event (as described in the Term Sheet), whereby 
each individual Bondholder has a right to require that the 
Company purchases all or some of the Bonds at 101% of 
par value (plus accrued interest). 
 
Further, the terms of the Bond Issue will provide that the 
Company (i) may redeem all or parts of the Bonds at 
various call prices during the lifetime of the Bonds and 
(ii) shall redeem all the Bonds upon certain conditions. 
This is likely to limit the market value of the Bonds. 
During any period when the Company may redeem the 
Bonds, the market value of the Bonds generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
 
There can be no assurance that the Company will have 
sufficient funds at the time of such event to make the 
required redemption and/or repurchase of the Bonds, 
should a mandatory redemption or repurchase occur. 
 
• 
Value of collateral may be insufficient to cover 
outstanding Bonds: Although the Bonds are secured 
obligations of the Company, there can be no assurance 
that the value of the assets securing the Bonds and the 
Company's other assets will be sufficient to cover all of 
the outstanding Bonds together with accrued interest and 
expenses together with the claims of the other secured

--- Page 126 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
8  
creditors in the event of a default and/or if the Company 
becomes insolvent or goes into liquidation and/or with 
respect to the amount that could be received upon a sale 
of any assets subject to security. 
 
• 
Liquidity risk is the risk that a party interested in trading 
bonds cannot do it because nobody in the market wants 
to trade the bonds. The Borrower has no control over the 
bond market and is subject to both external factors that 
may impact the willingness of market participants to 
trade and participants’ view of the issuer and their 
resulting willingness to trade in the bonds.  Missing 
demand for the bonds may result in a loss for the 
bondholder.   
 
• 
Interest rate risk is the risk that results from the 
variability of the NIBOR interest rate or any other rate 
that may be agreed. The coupon payments, which 
depend on the applicable interest rate and the Margin, 
will vary in accordance with the variability of the 
applicable interest rate. The interest rate risk related to 
this bond issue will be limited, since the coupon rate will 
be adjusted quarterly according to the change in the 
applicable reference interest rate (NIBOR 3 months or 
such other rate as may be agreed) over the tenor. The 
primary price risk for a floating rate bond issue will be 
related to the market view of the correct trading level for 
the credit spread related to the bond issue at a certain 
time during the tenor, compared with the credit margin 
the bond issue is carrying. A possible increase in the 
credit spread trading level relative to the coupon defined 
credit margin may relate to general changes in the 
market conditions and/or Issuer specific circumstances 
such as a deterioration of the Borrower’s real or 
perceived financial position. However, under normal 
market circumstances the anticipated tradable credit 
spread will fall as the duration of the bond issue 
becomes shorter. In general, the price of bonds will fall 
when the credit spread in the market increases, and 
conversely the bond price will increase when the market 
spread decreases. 
 
• 
Credit risk is the risk that the Borrower fails to make the 
required payments under the Loan (either principal or 
interest). Such failure to pay could be due to a 
deterioration in the Borrower’s financial position. 
 
• 
Market risk is the risk that the value of the bonds will 
decrease due to the change in value of the market risk 
factors. The price of a single bond issue will fluctuate in 
accordance with the interest rate and credit markets in 
general, the market view of the credit risk of that 
particular bond issue, and the liquidity of this bond issue 
in the market. In spite of an underlying positive 
development in the Issuers business activities, the price 
of a bond may fall independent of this fact. Bond issues 
with a relatively short tenor and a floating rate coupon 
rate do however in general carry a lower price risk 
compared to bonds with a longer tenor and/or with a 
fixed coupon rate.  
 
No market-maker agreement is entered into in relation to 
this bond issue, and the liquidity of bonds will at all times 
depend on the market participants view of the credit 
quality of the Issuer as well as established and available 
credit lines.

--- Page 127 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
9  
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to 
trading is as follow: [●]. 
 
[/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 128 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
10  
2 Detailed information about the security 
 
Generally: 
 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
 
The Loan/The Bonds: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
Borrower/Issuer: 
Benchmark Holdings plc is registered with the Companies House, 
England and Wales, United Kingdom with registration number 
04115910. The Company’s LEI code is 2138001UQHM4VZGXUJ19. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Security Type: 
[U]nsecured [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]  
 
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]  
 
 
  
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves 
 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
 
 
Publication: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue price] % 
 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue date] 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating rate: [NIBOR / Other: (specify)] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
 
[description of Reference Rate] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
 
Specified time: [specified time] 
 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 129 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
11  
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
 
 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin]  
 
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] % p.a. 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a  
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate) 
 
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
 
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Yield is [yield]  
 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Amortisation and Redemption: 
 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
 
Redemption Price is [redemption price] % 
 
 
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.

--- Page 130 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
12  
[terms of the call option] 
 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the put option] 
 
Early redemption option due to a tax 
event: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
[terms of the early redemption option] 
 
 
 
Obligations: 
 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.7. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
 
External party 
Cost 
The Norwegian FSA 
NOK [•] 
The stock exchange 
NOK [•] 
The Bond Trustee 
NOK [•] (annual fee) 
The Manager 
NOK [•] 
 
 
[Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the Base 
Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Listing fees: [specify] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 131 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
13  
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms and any other 
Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or 
formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6.  
 
Status and security of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
https://www.benchmarkplc.com 
 
 
Manager: 
[name of manager] as [type of manager] 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Paying Agent is [name and address of the Paying Agent] 
 
 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 108,000. 
 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)  
 
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 132 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
14  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of manager and co-managers] as [type of manager] for the issuance of the Loan. 
The [type of manager] [has/have] acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
 
The [type of manager] will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are 
material to the Bond Issue. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
 
The Issuer is rated as follows: 
Standard & Poor’s: [•] 
Moody’s: [•] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as possible 
after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
 
Statement from the [type of manager]: 
[name of manager and co-managers] have assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The [type of manager] 
have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express 
or implied, is made, and the [type of managers] expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The statements made in this paragraph are without 
prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving this prospectus acknowledges that such person 
has not relied on the [type of manager] nor on any person affiliated with them in connection with its investigation of 
the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
[place], [date] 
 
 
[name of manager and co-managers] 
[web address of manager and co-managers]

--- Page 133 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc, 31 March 2023 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
61
Annex 4 Special Purpose Financial Statements and Interim 
Financial Statements

--- Page 134 ---
1 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated accounts 
Year ended 30 September 2022

--- Page 135 ---
2 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
 
 
 
Contents 
Independent auditor’s report ............................................................................................................................................................................ 3 
Consolidated Income Statement ................................................................................................................................................................... 9 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ...................................................................................................................... 10 
Consolidated Balance Sheet ............................................................................................................................................................................ 11 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ...................................................................................................................................... 12 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .................................................................................................................................................... 13 
Notes Forming Part of the Financial Statements ................................................................................................................................. 14

--- Page 136 ---
3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To the Board of Directors of Benchmark Holdings plc   
 
 
Independent auditor’s report   
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements   
 
Opinion   
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Benchmark Holdings plc (the Group), which comprise 
the consolidated balance sheet as at 30 September 2022 and 30 September 2021, the consolidated income 
statement, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in 
equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the years then ended, and notes to the consolidated 
financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies (collectively the “consolidated 
financial statements”).   
 
In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial 
position of the Group as at 30 September 2022 and 30 September 2021 and its financial performance and its 
cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted 
by EU.   
 
Basis for Opinion   
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs).  Our responsibilities 
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. We are independent of the Group as required by laws and 
regulations and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) (IESBA Code), and we have fulfilled 
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.   
 
During 2023, we identified that a KPMG member firm had provided preparation of local GAAP financial 
statement services over the period FY17 to FY23 to an entity that is and has been in scope for the group audit. 
The services, which have been terminated, were administrative in nature and did not involve any management 
decision-making or bookkeeping.  The work was undertaken after the group statutory audit opinion was signed 
by KPMG LLP for each of the impacted financial years and had no direct or indirect effect on Benchmark plc’s 
consolidated financial statements. 
 
In our professional judgment, we confirm that based on our assessment of the breach, our integrity and 
objectivity as auditor has not been compromised and we believe that an objective, reasonable and informed 
third party would conclude that the provision of this service would not impair our integrity or objectivity for any of 
the impacted financial years.  The audit committee concurred with this view. 
 
 
Key audit matters: our assessment of risks of material misstatement   
 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in the audit of 
the consolidated financial statements and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement 
(whether or not due to fraud) identified by us, including those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit 
strategy; the allocation of resources in the audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These 
matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in 
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. In arriving at our audit 
opinion above, the key audit matters, in decreasing order of audit significance, were as follows:

--- Page 137 ---
4 
The risk 
Our response 
Recoverability of Group 
goodwill and intangibles   
Goodwill: £114,724,000 (2021: 
£98,697,000)   
Intangibles: £130,844,000 
(2021: £130,343,000)   
Forecast based assessment: 
The carrying value of goodwill and 
intangibles, depend on assumptions of 
future financial performance which 
inherently contain an element of 
estimation uncertainty.  In addition, 
certain cash generating units of the 
Group, containing these goodwill and 
intangible assets balances, are at risk of 
impairment as they contain immature 
products or markets.   
Significant areas of judgement include 
sales growth rates and the discount rate 
applied to future cash flows. 
The effect of these matters is that, as 
part of our risk assessment, we 
determined that the value in use of the 
CGUs, have a high degree of estimation 
uncertainty, with a potential range of 
reasonable outcomes greater than our 
materiality for the financial statements 
as a whole, and possibly many times 
that amount.  The consolidated financial 
statements (note 14) disclose the 
sensitivity estimated by the Group. 
We performed the tests below rather 
than seeking to rely on any of the 
Group’s controls because the nature of 
the balance is such that we would 
expect to obtain audit evidence primarily 
through the detailed procedures 
described.   
Our procedures included:   
—Data comparisons: We compared 
the Group’s impairment model against 
the board approved budgets and 
forecast to confirm consistency of 
assumptions;   
—Methodology implementation: We 
tested the Group’s impairment model to 
ensure it performs the intended 
calculation;   
—Benchmarking assumptions: We 
challenged Group's assumptions by 
comparing them to externally derived 
data in relation to key inputs such as 
projected growth and discount rates;   
—Our valuation expertise: With the 
assistance of our own valuation 
specialists, we assessed the discount 
rate assumption by comparing it with our 
sector knowledge;   
—Sensitivity analysis: We performed 
analysis of changes in key assumptions, 
such as, reducing forecast revenue from 
the Group’s sea lice treatment, reducing 
forecast revenue from SPR shrimp, 
slower salmon egg sales growth along 
with sensitivities on sales price 
increases and potential supply 
constraints to understand the sensitivity 
of the value in use calculation to 
changes in these key assumptions;   
—Historical comparison: We 
compared the prior periods’ prospective 
financial information against the prior 
period’s actual results and compared the 
current period's prospective financial 
information with the post-year end actual 
results to assess historical reliability of 
the forecasting;   
—Comparing valuations: We 
compared the sum of the discounted 
cash flows for each CGU to the carrying 
value of its assets, to assess the 
reasonableness of these cashflows and 
their ability to support the carrying value 
of those assets; and   
—Assessing transparency: We 
assessed whether the Group’s 
disclosures about the sensitivity of the 
outcome of the impairment assessment 
to changes in key assumptions reflects 
the risks inherent in the valuation of 
goodwill and intangibles.

--- Page 138 ---
5 
 
 
The risk   
Our response   
Valuation of biological assets   
Salmon broodstock: 
£30,498,000 (2021: 
£26,700,000)   
Forecast based assessment: 
The Group holds significant biological 
assets, primarily at Benchmark Genetics 
Iceland and Benchmark Genetics Salten 
(Norway).   
Under relevant accounting standards 
these are required to be held at fair 
value less cost to sell. Salmon 
broodstock are classified as level 3 
within the fair value hierarchy.  The 
calculation of fair value includes a 
number of assumptions relating to the 
future (e.g. egg sales prices, sales 
volumes) which are significant areas of 
estimation uncertainty.   
The effect of these matters is that, as 
part of our risk assessment, we 
determined that fair value of the salmon 
broodstock within biological assets has 
a high degree of estimation uncertainty, 
with a potential range of reasonable 
outcomes greater than our materiality for 
the financial statements as a whole.  
The consolidated financial statements 
(note 17) disclose the sensitivity 
estimated by the Group.   
We performed the tests below rather 
than seeking to rely on any of the 
Group’s controls because the nature of 
the balance is such that we would 
expect to obtain audit evidence primarily 
through the detailed procedures 
described.   
Our procedures included:   
—Data comparisons: We compared 
the Group’s valuation model against the 
board approved budgets and forecast to 
confirm consistency of assumptions;   
—Methodology implementation: We 
tested the Group’s valuation model to 
ensure it performs the intended 
calculation;   
—Benchmarking assumptions: We 
compared the Group’s assumptions to 
externally derived data in relation to key 
inputs such as selling price of eggs and 
historical sales volumes;   
—Assessing transparency: We 
considered the adequacy of the Group’s 
disclosures, including the sensitivity 
disclosures, in respect of the valuation 
of biological assets;   
—Independent reperformance: We 
considered an alternative valuation 
model.  We compared the output of the 
model with the Group's valuation to 
assess whether it would yield a 
materially different valuation.

--- Page 139 ---
6 
 
 
The risk   
Our response   
Going Concern   
 
Accounting basis:   
The consolidated financial 
statements explain how the 
Directors have formed a judgement 
that it is appropriate to adopt the 
going concern basis of preparation 
for the Group.   
That judgement is based on an 
evaluation of the inherent risks to 
the Group’s business model and 
how those risks might affect the 
Group financial resources or ability 
to continue operations over a 
period of at least a year from the 
date of approval of the consolidated 
financial statements.   
The risks most likely to adversely 
affect the Group’s available 
financial resources over this period 
were:   
• the ability to refinance the existing 
facilities; and   
• the uncertainty in the cashflows in 
relation to future sales.   
There are also less predictable but 
realistic second order impacts, such 
as the impact of foreign exchange 
fluctuations.   
The risk for our audit is whether or 
not those risks are such that they 
amounted to a material uncertainty 
that may cast significant doubt 
about the ability to continue as a 
going concern.  If there were such 
risks, then the fact would have 
been required to be disclosed, 
along with a description of the 
circumstances.   
We performed the tests below rather than 
seeking to rely on any of the Group’s controls 
because the nature of the balance is such 
that we would expect to obtain audit evidence 
primarily through the detailed procedures 
described.   
Our procedures included:   
—Our sector experience: With the 
assistance of our specialists we challenged 
the key assumptions in the prospective 
financial information by reference to our 
knowledge of the business and general 
market conditions;   
—Our valuation expertise: With the 
assistance of our own valuation specialists, 
we assessed the discount rate assumption by 
comparing it with our sector knowledge;   
—Funding assessment: We obtained and 
inspected financing agreements to ascertain 
the committed level of financing, its duration 
and related covenant requirements;   
—Key dependency assessment: We 
considered the facilities due to expire in the 
going concern period with reference to the 
Group’s history of successful refinancing, 
extent of funding needed, forecast cashflows 
and financial health, conditions of the credit 
markets and status of management’s 
arrangements for planned funding sources.   
—Historical comparisons: We compared 
the prior periods’ prospective financial 
information against the prior and current 
period’s actual results and compared the 
current period's prospective financial 
information with the post-year end actual 
results to assess historical reliability of the 
forecasting;   
—Sensitivity analysis: We performed 
analysis of changes in key assumptions.  
This included a slower ramp up in the 
commercialisation of the Group's sea lice 
treatment (Ectosanand CleanTreat) through 
delayed roll-out of the revised operational 
model, a slower commercialisation of SPR 
shrimp, slower salmon egg sales growth 
along with sensitivities on sales price 
increases and potential supply constraints to 
understand the sensitivity of the cash flow 
forecasts in relation to available facility 
headroom and covenant compliance;   
—Assessing transparency: We considered 
whether the going concern disclosure in note 
1 to the consolidated financial statements 
gives a full and accurate description of the 
Directors’ assessment of going concern, 
including the identified risks and the 
availability of funding.  We assessed the 
completeness of the going concern 
disclosure.

--- Page 140 ---
7 
 
Responsibilities of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director for the Consolidated Financial 
Statements   
The Board of Directors and the Managing Director (management) are responsible for the preparation of 
consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU, and for such internal control as management determines is 
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.   
 
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group’s 
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using 
the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease 
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.   
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements   
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion.  Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.  Misstatements 
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably 
be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial 
statements.   
 
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
scepticism throughout the audit.  We also:   
 
• 
identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error.  We design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain 
audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.  The risk of not 
detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as 
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of 
internal control.   
 
• 
obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that 
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.   
 
• 
evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting 
estimates and related disclosures made by management.   
 
• 
conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, 
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.  If we 
conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to 
the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to 
modify our opinion.  Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our 
auditor’s report.  However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a 
going concern.   
 
• 
evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, 
including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying 
transactions and events in a manner that achieves a true and fair view.   
 
• 
obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business 
activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.  We are 
responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit.  We remain solely 
responsible for our audit opinion.   
 
We communicate with the Board of Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of 
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify 
during our audit.

--- Page 141 ---
8 
We also provide the Board of Directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that 
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate 
threats or safeguards applied.   
From the matters communicated with the Board of Directors, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key 
audit matters.  We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public 
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be 
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to 
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.   
Other matter  
We previously reported on the Benchmark Holdings plc’s  statutory financial statements as at and for the year 
ended 30 September 2022 and issued our audit report dated 30 November 2022. As set out in our audit report 
on those statutory financial statements, that audit report is made solely to the Company's members, as a body, 
in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the United Kingdom Companies Act 2006.  That audit work has been 
undertaken so that we might state to the Company's members those matters we are required to state to them 
in an auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or 
assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's members as a body for that audit 
work, for that audit report, or for the opinions we have formed in respect of that audit  
The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities  
This report is made solely to the Directors of the Group as a body in accordance with the Oslo Børs Oslo Rule 
Book II – Issuer Rules 3.1.2.4 (1), and the terms of our engagement.  Our audit work has been undertaken so 
that we might state to the Directors those matters we are required to state to them in our report and for no 
other purpose.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone 
other than the Directors as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.   
KPMG LLP 
15 Canada Square 
London
E14 5GL 
2 March 2023

--- Page 142 ---
9 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
Consolidated Income Statement 
for the year ended 30 September 2022 
Notes 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Revenue 
Cost of sales 
4 
158,277 
(75,149) 
125,062 
(59,477) 
Gross profit 
83,128 
65,585 
Research and development costs 
(6,691) 
(7,010) 
Other operating costs 
(44,661) 
(38,221) 
Share of loss of equity-accounted investees, net of tax 
(595) 
(905) 
Adjusted EBITDA² 
31,181 
19,449 
Exceptional – restructuring/acquisition-related items 
8 
16 
(184) 
EBITDA¹ 
31,197 
19,265 
Depreciation and impairment 
5 
(19,897) 
(8,359) 
Amortisation and impairment 
5 
(19,161) 
(16,283) 
Operating loss 
(7,861) 
(5,377) 
Finance cost 
7 
(20,057) 
(7,987) 
Finance income 
7 
4,741 
4,185 
Loss before taxation 
(23,177) 
(9,179) 
Tax on loss 
9 
(7,274) 
(2,397) 
Loss for the year 
(30,451) 
(11,576) 
(Loss)/profit for the year attributable to: 
– Owners of the parent 
(32,087) 
(12,891) 
– Non-controlling interest 
25 
1,636 
1,315 
(30,451) 
(11,576) 
Earnings per share 
Basic loss per share (pence) 
10 
(4.60) 
(1.93) 
Diluted loss per share (pence) 
10 
(4.60) 
(1.93) 
1 EBITDA - earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and impairment. 
2 Adjusted EBITDA - EBITDA before exceptional and acquisition-related items.

--- Page 143 ---
10 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
for the year ended 30 September 2022 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Loss for the year 
(30,451) 
(11,576) 
Other comprehensive income 
Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss 
Foreign exchange translation differences 
47,606 
(9,929) 
Cash flow hedges - changes in fair value 
2,627 
3,054 
Cash flow hedges – reclassified to profit or loss 
2,546 
709 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
22,328 
(17,742) 
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to: 
– Owners of the parent 
20,326 
(19,329) 
– Non-controlling interest 
2,002 
1,587 
22,328 
(17,742)

--- Page 144 ---
11 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
as at 30 September 2022 
 
 
Notes 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Assets 
Property, plant and equipment 
11 
81,900 
78,780 
Right-of-use assets 
12 
27,034 
25,531 
Intangible assets 
13 
245,264 
229,040 
Equity-accounted investees 
15 
3,113 
3,354 
Other investments 
15 
15 
Biological and agricultural assets 
17 
20,878 
21,244 
Non-current assets 
378,204 
357,964 
Inventories 
16 
29,813 
20,947 
Biological and agricultural assets 
17 
25,780 
17,121 
Trade and other receivables 
18 
56,377 
46,498 
Cash and cash equivalents 
31 
36,399 
39,460 
Current assets 
148,369 
124,026 
Total assets 
526,573 
481,990 
Liabilities 
Trade and other payables 
19 
(44,324) 
(46,668) 
Loans and borrowings 
20 
(17,091) 
(10,654) 
Corporation tax liability 
(10,211) 
(5,634) 
Provisions 
21 
(1,631) 
(563) 
Current liabilities 
(73,257) 
(63,519) 
Loans and borrowings 
20 
(93,045) 
(109,737) 
Other payables 
19 
(8,996) 
(911) 
Deferred tax 
22 
(27,990) 
(28,224) 
Non-current liabilities 
(130,031) 
(138,872) 
Total liabilities 
(203,288) 
(202,391) 
Net assets 
323,285 
279,599 
Issued capital and reserves attributable to owners of the parent 
Share capital 
23 
704 
670 
Additional paid-in capital 
23 
420,824 
400,682 
Capital redemption reserve 
24 
5 
5 
Retained earnings 
24 
(185,136) 
(154,231) 
Hedging reserve 
24 
(703) 
(5,876) 
Foreign exchange reserve 
24 
77,705 
30,465 
Equity attributable to owners of the parent 
313,399 
271,715 
Non-controlling interest 
25 
9,886 
7,884 
Total equity and reserves 
323,285 
279,599 
 
The financial statements on pages 9 to 57 were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 2 March 2023 
and were signed on its behalf by: 
 
Septima Maguire 
Chief Financial Officer 
Company number: 04115910

--- Page 145 ---
12 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
for the year ended 30 September 2022 
 
Total 
Additional 
attributable 
 
paid-in 
to equity 
Non- 
Share 
share 
Other 
Hedging 
Retained 
holders of 
controlling 
Total 
capital 
capital* 
reserves 
reserve 
earnings 
parent 
interest 
equity 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
As at 1 October 2020 
668 
399,601 
40,683 
(9,651) 
(142,170) 
289,131 
6,309 
295,440 
Comprehensive income for the year 
(Loss)/profit for the year 
– 
– 
– 
– 
(12,891) 
(12,891) 
1,315 
(11,576) 
Other comprehensive income 
– 
– 
(10,213) 
3,775 
– 
(6,438) 
272 
(6,166) 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
– 
– 
(10,213) 
3,775 
(12,891) 
(19,329) 
1,587 
(17,742) 
Contributions by and distributions 
to owners 
Share issue 
2 
1,081 
– 
– 
– 
1,083 
– 
1,083 
Share-based payment 
– 
– 
– 
– 
830 
830 
– 
830 
Total contributions by and distributions 
to owners 
2 
1,081 
– 
– 
830 
1,913 
– 
1,913 
Changes in ownership 
Acquisition of NCI 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
(12) 
(12) 
Total changes in ownership interests 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
(12) 
(12) 
Total transactions with owners of the 
Company 
2 
1,081 
– 
– 
830 
1,913 
(12) 
1,901 
As at 30 September 2021 
670 
400,682 
30,470 
(5,876) 
(154,231) 
271,715 
7,884 
279,599 
 
Comprehensive income for the year 
(Loss)/profit for the year 
Other comprehensive income 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
47,240 
– 
5,173 
(32,087) 
– 
(32,087) 
52,413 
1,636 
366 
(30,451) 
52,779 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
– 
– 
47,240 
5,173 
(32,087) 
20,326 
2,002 
22,328 
Contributions by and distributions 
to owners 
Share issue 
34 
20,704 
– 
– 
– 
20,738 
– 
20,738 
Share issue costs recognised through entity 
– 
(562) 
– 
– 
– 
(562) 
– 
(562) 
Share-based payment 
– 
– 
– 
– 
1,182 
1,182 
– 
1,182 
Total contributions by and distributions 
to owners 
34 
20,142 
– 
– 
1,182 
21,358 
– 
21,358 
Changes in ownership 
Total changes in ownership interests 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
Total transactions with owners of 
the Company 
34 
20,142 
– 
– 
1,182 
21,358 
– 
21,358 
As at 30 September 2022 
704 
420,824 
77,710 
(703) (185,136) 
313,399 
9,886 
323,285 
 
* 
See Note 23.

--- Page 146 ---
13 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
for the year ended 30 September 2022 
 
Notes 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Cash flows from operating activities 
Loss for the year 
(30,451) 
(11,576) 
Adjustments for: 
Depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment 
5 
8,602 
5,017 
Depreciation and impairment of right-of-use assets 
5 
11,295 
3,342 
Amortisation and impairment of intangible fixed assets 
5 
19,161 
16,283 
(Profit)/loss on sale of property, plant and equipment 
5 
(43) 
46 
Finance income 
7 
(319) 
(1,442) 
Finance costs 
7 
18,437 
7,987 
Increase in fair value of contingent consideration receivable 
(1,203) 
– 
Share of loss of equity-accounted investees, net of tax 
595 
905 
Foreign exchange losses/(gains) 
(3,985) 
(1,800) 
Share-based payment expense 
28 
1,182 
830 
Other adjustments for non-cash items 
(276) 
– 
Tax expense 
9 
7,274 
2,397 
Increase in trade and other receivables 
(8,511) 
(8,178) 
Increase in inventories 
(5,406) 
(3,554) 
Increase in biological and agricultural assets 
(6,099) 
(5,427) 
Increase in trade and other payables 
6,946 
5,547 
Increase in provisions 
1,058 
– 
18,257 
10,377 
Income taxes paid 
(7,447) 
(4,587) 
Net cash flows generated from operating activities 
10,810 
5,790 
Investing activities 
Purchases of investments 
(378) 
(578) 
Receipts from disposal of investments 
1,544 
9 
Purchases of property, plant and equipment 
(10,808) 
(17,683) 
Purchases of intangibles 
(205) 
(225) 
Capitalised research and development costs 
(1,708) 
(4,813) 
Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 
220 
112 
Interest received 
119 
88 
Net cash flows used in investing activities 
(11,216) 
(23,090) 
Financing activities 
Proceeds of share issues 
20,737 
750 
Share-issue costs recognised through equity 
(562) 
– 
Acquisition of NCI 
– 
(12) 
Proceeds from bank or other borrowings (net of borrowing fees) 
67,939 
– 
Repayment of bank or other borrowings 
(74,874) 
(3,106) 
Interest and finance charges paid 
(9,629) 
(7,699) 
Repayments of lease liabilities 
(10,533) 
(4,602) 
Net cash flows used in financing activities 
(6,922) 
(14,669) 
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
(7,328) 
(31,969) 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
39,460 
71,605 
Effect of movements in exchange rate 
4,267 
(176) 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
31 
36,399 
39,460

--- Page 147 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
14 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
Notes Forming Part of the Financial Statements 
for the year ended 30 September 2022 
 
1 
Accounting policies 
Corporate information 
Benchmark Holdings plc (the “Company”) is a public limited company, which is listed on the Alternative Investment Market 
(“AIM”), a sub-market of the London Stock Exchange. The Company is incorporated and domiciled in England. The registered 
company number is 04115910 and the registered office is at Benchmark House, Highdown House, Yeoman Way, Worthing, 
West Sussex, BN99 3HH. The Group is principally engaged in the provision of technical services, products and specialist 
knowledge that support the global development of sustainable food and aquaculture industries. 
 
Basis of preparation 
The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the financial statements are set out below. The policies have 
been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.  
 
These Group financial statements were prepared in accordance with EU adopted International Accounting Standards (“EU 
IFRS”).  The Group reports earnings before interest, depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”) and EBITDA before exceptional 
and acquisition related items (“Adjusted EBITDA”) to enable a better understanding of the investment being made in the 
Group’s future growth and provide a better measure of our underlying performance. 
 
These special purpose consolidated accounts are not the Company's statutory accounts for the financial years ended 30 
September 2022 nor 2021.  Those statutory accounts have been reported on by the company’s auditor and delivered to the 
registrar of companies.  The reports of the auditor were (i) unqualified and (ii) did not contain a statement under section 498 
(2) or (3) of the Companies Act 2006.  The report of the auditor for the year ended 30 September 2021 did include a reference 
to a matter to which the auditor drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying their report in respect of a material 
uncertainty in relation to going concern that existed at that time. These special purpose consolidated financial statements 
have been prepared for the purposes of the proposed listing on Oslo Børs. 
 
The preparation of financial statements in compliance with EU IFRSs requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. 
It also requires Group management to exercise judgement in applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas where 
significant judgements and estimates have been made in preparing the financial statements and their effect are disclosed in 
Note 2. 
 
The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis except that the following assets and liabilities are stated at 
their fair value: certain financial assets and financial liabilities (including contingent consideration receivable and derivatives) 
and biological assets measured at fair value. Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale are stated at the lower of 
previous carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. 
 
Going concern 
As at 31 December 2022 the Group had net assets of £315.9m (30 September 2022: £323.3m), including cash of £42.8m (30 
September 2022: £36.4m) as set out in the consolidated balance sheet. The Group made a loss for the period of £0.7m (year 
ended 30 September 2022: loss £30.5m). 
 
The business has continued to perform well on the back of a good year in FY22.  All of the business areas have performed in 
line with or ahead of management expectations.  The Directors have reviewed forecasts and cash flow projections for a 
period of at least 12 months including downside sensitivity assumptions in relation to trading performance across the Group 
to assess the impact on the Group’s trading and cash flow forecasts and on the forecast compliance with the covenants 
included within the Group’s financing arrangements. 
 
In the downside analysis performed, the Directors considered severe but plausible scenarios on the Group’s trading and cash 
flow forecasts, firstly in relation to continued roll out of the Ectosan®Vet and CleanTreat offering. Sensitivities considered 
included modelling slower ramp up of the commercialisation of Ectosan® Vet and CleanTreat® through delayed roll-out of the 
revised operating model for the service, together with reductions in expected biomass treated and reduced treatment prices. 
Key downside sensitivities modelled in other areas included assumptions on slower commercialisation of SPR shrimp, slower 
salmon egg sales growth both in Chile and to land-based farms in Genetics, along with sensitivities on sales price increases 
and potential supply constraints on CIS artemia in Advanced Nutrition. Mitigating measures within the control of management 
have been identified should they be required in response to these sensitivities, including reductions in areas of discretionary 
spend, deferral of capital projects and temporary hold on R&D for non-imminent products. 
 
Following the refinancing of its NOK 850 million bond with the issue of a NOK 750 million unsecured green bond maturing in 
2025 in FY22, which was due to mature in June 2023, the USD15m RCF was refinanced in the quarter with a new GBP20m 
RCF with a maturity of June 2025. Also in the quarter, our NOK 216m loan facility (which had NOK 165.6m outstanding at the 
year end) which was set to mature in October 2023, was combined with our NOK 17.5m overdraft facility into a new loan 
facility of NOK 179.5m, with a new maturity date in a further 5 years no later than 15 January 2028. Following all of these 
refinancing transactions, the Directors are satisfied there are sufficient facilities in place during the assessment period.

--- Page 148 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
15 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
1 
Accounting policies continued 
Going concern continued 
The global economic environment is experiencing turbulence largely as a result of the conflict in Eastern Europe with 
supply issues in a number of industries impacted and inflation at high levels. Against this backdrop, the Group continues 
to show resilience against these pressures, with financial instruments in place to fix interest rates and with opportunities 
available to mitigate globally high inflation rates, such that even under all of the above sensitivity analysis, the Group has 
sufficient liquidity and resources throughout the period under review whilst still maintaining adequate headroom against 
the borrowing covenants. 
 
The Directors therefore remain confident that the Group has adequate resources to continue to meet its liabilities as and 
when they fall due within the period of 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements. Based on their 
assessment, the Directors believe it remains appropriate to prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis. 
 
Basis of consolidation 
The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Group and its subsidiaries at 30 
September 2022. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Group obtained 
control, and continue to be consolidated until the date when such control ceases. 
 
Where the Company has power, either directly or indirectly, over another entity or business and the ability to use this 
power to affect the amount of returns, as well as exposure or rights to variable returns from its involvement with the 
investee, it is classified as a subsidiary. The consolidated financial statements present the results of the Company and 
its subsidiaries (the ‘Group’) as if they formed a single entity. Inter-company transactions, balances, unrealised gains and 
losses resulting from intra- group transactions and dividends are eliminated in full. 
 
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the results of business combinations using the acquisition method. In 
the Consolidated Balance Sheet, the acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities are initially 
recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date. 
 
Non-controlling interests, presented as part of equity, represent a proportion of a subsidiary’s profit or loss and net assets 
that is not held by the Group. The total comprehensive income or loss of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries is attributed to 
owners of the Parent and to the non-controlling interests in proportion to their respective ownership interests. 
 
Standards issued but not effective 
A number of new standards, amendments to standards and interpretations are not yet effective, and have not been applied in 
preparing these consolidated financial statements. Those which may be relevant to the Group are set out below: 
• Amendments to IAS 37: Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 
• Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020 
• Amendments to IAS 16: Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use 
• Amendments to IFRS 3: Reference to the Conceptual Framework 
• IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts 
• Amendments to IAS 1: Classification of liabilities as current or non-current 
• Amendments to IFRS 17 
• Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2: Disclosure of Accounting Policies 
• Amendments to IAS 8: Definition of Accounting Estimate 
• Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes: Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities Arising from a Single Transaction 
• Amendments to IFRS 17: Initial Application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 – Comparative Information 
• Amendments to IFRS 16: Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 
• Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28: Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 
 
The Directors do not expect that the adoption of the above standards and interpretations will have a material impact on the 
financial statements of the Group in future periods. 
 
New standards and interpretations applied for the first time 
The following standards which are effective for periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021 have been adopted without any 
significant impact on the amounts reported in these financial statements: 
• Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS4, and IFRS 16: Interest Rate Benchmark Reform 
• Amendment to IFRS 16: COVID-19 Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 
Revenue 
Revenue is measured at the fair value of consideration received or receivable, taking into account contractually defined terms 
of payment and excluding taxes or duty. The Group assesses its revenue arrangements against specific criteria in order to 
determine if it is acting as a principal or agent. The Group has concluded that it is acting as a principal in all of its revenue 
arrangements. The following specific criteria must also be met before revenue is recognised:

--- Page 149 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
16 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Sale of goods 
Revenue from the sale of goods is measured at the fair value of the consideration and excludes intra-group sales and value 
added and similar taxes. The primary performance obligation is the transfer of goods to the customer. Revenue from the sale of 
goods is recognised when control of the goods is transferred to the customer, at an amount that reflects the consideration to 
which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods. 
 
As sales arrangements differ from time to time (for example by customer and by territory), each arrangement is reviewed to 
ensure that revenue is recognised when control of the goods has passed to the customer. 
 
This review and the corresponding recognition of revenue encompass a number of factors which include, but are not limited to 
the following: 
• reviewing delivery arrangements and whether the buyer has accepted title, recognising revenue at the point at which full title 
has passed; and/or 
• where distribution arrangements are in place, recognising revenue when control has passed either to the third party 
customer or the distributor (for example by consideration of any rights of return) at the point at which title has 
passed. 
 
Within Genetics, revenue from the sale of eggs is recognised when the control of the goods has transferred to the customer or 
distributor, either on despatch or on receipt of goods by customer in line with the commercial terms governing the transaction. 
 
Within Advanced Nutrition, revenue of products is recognised when the control of the goods has transferred to the customer 
or distributor, either on despatch or when goods are loaded onto the freight vessel, in line with the commercial terms of the 
transaction and relevant local regulations. 
 
Within Health, revenue from the sale of licensed veterinary treatments, vaccines and vaccine components is recognised when 
the control of the goods has transferred to the customer or distributor, either on despatch or upon treatment of biomass by 
the customer in line with commercial terms of the transaction. Where the buyer has a right of return, revenue and cost of sales 
are adjusted for the value of the expected returns based on historical results, taking into consideration the specifics of each 
arrangement. 
Rendering of services 
Services including technical consultancy and water purification following medicinal bath treatments are provided by Genetics, 
and Health. Genetics also licenses production of its genetic lines to certain salmon farmers and receives royalties based on the 
number of eggs produced by those farmers. 
 
Within each contract, judgement is applied to determine the extent to which activities within the contract represent distinct 
performance obligations to be delivered. Judgement is applied to determine first whether control passes over time and if not, 
then the point in time at which control passes. Where control passes at a point in time then revenue is recognised at that point. 
For all the services currently provided by the Group, control passes at a point in time upon delivery of the service and revenue 
is recognised at that point. Royalty income from the licensed production of the Group’s genetic lines is recognised during the 
period the farmer produces the eggs. 
Business combinations 
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred for the acquisition 
of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and 
the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of asset or liability resulting 
from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed 
in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non- 
controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s 
proportionate share of the recognised amounts of acquiree’s identifiable net assets. 
 
Transaction costs, other than share and debt issue costs, are expensed as incurred. In accordance with IFRS 3: Business 
Combinations, the Group has a 12-month period in which to finalise the fair values allocated to assets and liabilities determined 
provisionally on acquisition. 
 
Contingent consideration is measured at fair value based on an estimate of the expected future payments. Deferred 
consideration is measured at the present value of the obligation. 
 
If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its acquisition date fair 
value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement.

--- Page 150 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
17 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Foreign currency 
The Group’s consolidated financial statements are presented in UK Pounds Sterling. The Group determines the functional 
currency of each of its subsidiaries and items included in the financial statements of each of those entities are measured using 
that functional currency. 
 
Transactions entered into by Group entities in a currency other than the currency of the primary economic environment in 
which they operate (their ‘functional currency’) are recorded at the rates ruling when the transactions occur. Foreign currency 
monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the rates ruling at the reporting date. Exchange differences arising on the 
retranslation of unsettled monetary assets and liabilities are recognised immediately in the Consolidated Income Statement. 
 
On consolidation, the results of overseas operations are translated into Sterling at rates approximating to those ruling when the 
transactions took place. All assets and liabilities of overseas operations, including goodwill arising on the acquisition of those 
operations, are translated at the rate ruling at the reporting date. Exchange differences arising on translating the opening net 
assets at opening rate and the results of overseas operations at actual rate are recognised in other comprehensive income and 
accumulated in the foreign exchange reserve. 
 
Exchange differences recognised in the Income Statement in the Group entities’ separate financial statements on the 
translation of long-term monetary items forming part of the Group’s net investment in the overseas operation concerned are 
reclassified to other comprehensive income and accumulated in the foreign exchange reserve on consolidation. 
 
On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative exchange differences recognised in the foreign exchange reserve relating to that 
operation up to the date of disposal are transferred to the Consolidated Income Statement as part of the profit or loss on disposal. 
Financial assets 
The Group has measured all of its financial assets (trade receivables and cash and cash equivalents), except for contingent 
consideration receivable, at amortised cost. 
 
Financial assets arise principally through the provision of goods and services to customers (e.g. trade receivables), but also 
incorporate other types of contractual monetary asset. To determine whether financial assets may be measured at amortised 
cost or fair value through other comprehensive income, management assesses whether the cash flows represent solely 
payments of principal and interest on the principal amount (SPPI). Assets meeting the SPPI criterion are recognised at 
amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less provision for impairment, while assets that do not meet SPPI are 
measured at fair value through profit and loss. 
 
Impairment provisions for receivables, in accordance with IFRS 9, are calculated using an expected credit loss model. For 
trade receivables, which are reported net, such provisions are recorded in a separate allowance account with the loss being 
recognised within operating costs in the Consolidated Income Statement. On confirmation that the trade receivable will not be 
collectable, the gross carrying value of the asset is written off against the associated provision. 
 
Amounts owed by subsidiaries are classified and recorded at amortised cost and reduced by allowances for expected credit 
losses. Estimated future credit losses are first recorded on initial recognition of a receivable and are based on estimated 
probability of default. Individual balances are written off when management deems them not to be collectible. Amounts owed 
by subsidiaries are unsecured, have no fixed date of repayment and are repayable on demand with sufficient liquidity in the 
group to flow funds if required. Therefore expected credit losses relating to receivables and loans form subsidiary companies 
are considered to be immaterial. 
 
Cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid investments 
with original maturities of three months or less from inception, and for the purpose of the statements of cash flows, bank 
overdrafts. Bank overdrafts are shown within loans and borrowings in current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of a financial asset is recognised directly in the income statement. Financial assets are 
derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has 
transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership. 
Financial assets fair value through profit and loss 
Contingent consideration receivable is recognised at fair value with movements recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement. 
 
Financial liabilities 
The Group classifies its financial liabilities as other financial liabilities which include the following items: 
• Bank borrowings which are initially recognised at fair value net of any transaction costs directly attributable to the issue of 
the instrument. Such interest-bearing liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest 
rate method, which ensures that any interest expense over the period to repayment is at a constant rate on the balance of 
the liability carried in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
• Trade payables and other short-term monetary liabilities, which are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently 
carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. 
Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of a financial liability is recognised directly in the income statement. The Group 
derecognises a financial liability when its contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled, or expire. The Group also 
derecognises a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the modified liability are substantially 
different, in which case a new financial liability based on the modified terms is recognised at fair value.

--- Page 151 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
18 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Financial liabilities fair value through profit and loss 
Contingent consideration is recognised at fair value with movements recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement. For 
financial contracts which are designated as a fair value hedge, the fair value of the derivative is recognised in the 
Consolidated Income Statement. 
 
Financial liabilities fair value through hedging reserve 
For financial contracts which are designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the 
derivative is recognised in the Statement of Other Comprehensive Income (“OCI”) and accumulated in the hedging reserve. 
The effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative that is recognised in OCI is limited to the cumulative change 
in fair value of the hedged item, determined on a present value basis, from inception of the hedge. 
 
Share capital 
The Group’s ordinary shares are classified as equity instruments. 
 
Derivative Financial Instruments 
The Group uses derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to foreign exchange rate risks and interest rate risks. In 
accordance with its treasury policy, the Group does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. 
Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are remeasured to fair value 
at each reporting date. 
 
Cash Flow Hedges 
Changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments designated as cash flow hedges are recognised in other 
comprehensive income to the extent that the hedge is effective. To the extent that the hedge is ineffective, changes in fair 
value are recognised immediately in the income statement. If the hedging instrument no longer meets the criteria for hedge 
accounting, expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. The cumulative 
gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income remains there until the forecast transaction occurs. 
 
Net Investment Hedge 
For hedges of net investments in foreign operations where the hedge is effective, movements are recognised in other 
comprehensive income. Ineffectiveness is recognised in the income statement. Gains and losses accumulated in equity are 
included in the income statement when the foreign operation is partially disposed of or sold. 
 
Retirement benefits: defined contribution schemes 
Contributions to defined contribution pension schemes are charged to the income statement in the year to which they relate. 
 
Share-based payments 
Where equity-settled share options are awarded to employees, the fair value of the options at the date of grant is charged to 
the Consolidated Income Statement over the vesting period. Non-market vesting conditions are taken into account by adjusting 
the number of equity instruments expected to vest at each reporting date so that, ultimately, the cumulative amount recognised 
over the vesting period is based on the number of options that eventually vest. Non-vesting conditions and market vesting 
conditions are factored into the fair value of the options granted. As long as all other vesting conditions are satisfied, a charge is 
made irrespective of whether the market vesting conditions are satisfied. The cumulative expense is not adjusted for failure to 
achieve a market vesting condition or where a non-vesting condition is not satisfied. 
 
Where the terms and conditions of options are modified before they vest, the increase in the fair value of the options, measured 
immediately before and after the modification, is also charged to the Consolidated Income Statement over the remaining 
vesting period. 
 
Goodwill 
Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the cost of a business combination over the total acquisition date fair 
value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities acquired. Goodwill is capitalised as an intangible asset with 
any impairment in carrying value being charged to the Consolidated Income Statement. Where the fair value of identifiable 
assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities exceed the fair value of consideration paid, the excess is credited in full to the 
Consolidated Income Statement on the acquisition date.

--- Page 152 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
19 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Externally acquired intangible assets 
Externally acquired intangible assets are initially recognised at cost and subsequently amortised over their useful 
economic lives as outlined below, on a straight-line basis from the time they are available for use. 
 
Intangible assets are recognised on business combinations if they are separable from the acquired entity or give rise to other 
contractual/legal rights. The amounts ascribed to such intangibles are arrived at by using appropriate valuation techniques. 
 
In-process research and development programmes acquired in such combinations are recognised as an asset, even if 
subsequent expenditure is written off because it does not meet the criteria specified in the policy for development costs 
below. 
 
The significant intangibles recognised by the Group, their useful economic lives and the methods used to determine the cost 
of intangibles acquired in a business combination are as follows: 
 
Intangible asset 
Useful economic life 
Validation method 
Websites 
5 years 
Assessment of estimated revenues and profits 
Patents 
2–5 years 
Cost to acquire 
Trademarks 
2–5 years 
Cost to acquire 
Contracts 
3–20 years 
Assessment of estimated revenues and profits 
Licences 
3–20 years 
Cost to acquire, or if not separately identifiable, assessment of 
estimated revenues and profits 
Intellectual property 
Remaining patent life, up to 20 
years 
Cost to acquire, or if not separately identifiable, assessment of 
estimated revenues and profits 
Customer lists 
Up to 26 years 
Assessment of estimated revenues and profits 
Genetic material and 
breeding nuclei 
 
10–40 years 
Cost to acquire, or if not separately identifiable, assessment of 
estimated revenues and profits 
Development costs 
Up to 10 years 
Cost to acquire 
 
Impairment of non-financial assets (excluding inventories and biological assets) 
The carrying values of all non-current assets are reviewed for impairment, either on a stand-alone basis or as part of a 
larger cash-generating unit (“CGUs”), when there is an indication that the assets might be impaired. Additionally, 
goodwill, intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets which are not yet available for use are 
tested for impairment annually. Where the carrying value of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount (i.e. the higher of 
value in use and fair value less costs to sell), the asset is written down accordingly. In assessing value in use, the 
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current 
market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. 
 
Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the impairment test is carried out 
on the smallest group of assets to which it belongs for which there are separately identifiable cash flows: its CGUs. 
Goodwill is 
allocated on initial recognition to each of the Group’s CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the 
combination giving rise to the goodwill. 
 
Impairment charges are included in the Consolidated Income Statement, except to the extent they reverse gains previously 
recognised in other comprehensive income. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed. 
 
Internally generated intangible assets (development costs) 
Expenditure on internally developed products is capitalised if it can be demonstrated that: 
• it is technically feasible to develop the product for it to be sold; 
• adequate resources are available to complete the development; 
• there is an intention to complete and sell the product; 
• the Group is able to sell the product; 
• sale of the product will generate future economic benefits; and 
• expenditure on the project can be measured reliably. 
 
Capitalised development costs are recognised at cost, less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses and are 
amortised over the period the Group expects to benefit from selling the products developed. 
 
Development expenditure not satisfying the above criteria and expenditure on the research phase of internal projects are 
recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement as incurred.

--- Page 153 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
20 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Finance income and costs 
Finance costs include interest payable, finance charges on lease liabilities recognised in profit or loss using the effective 
interest method, amortisation of capitalised borrowing fees, unwinding of the discount on provisions, ineffective portions of 
the fair value movement of derivative financial instruments and net foreign exchange losses that are recognised in the income 
statement. Finance income comprises interest receivable on funds invested, dividend income and net foreign exchange gains. 
 
Interest income and interest payable is recognised in profit or loss as it accrues, using the effective interest method. Dividend 
income is recognised in the income statement on the date the entity’s right to receive payments is established. Foreign 
currency gains and losses are reported on a net basis. 
 
Current tax 
Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or 
substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. 
 
Deferred tax 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised where the carrying amount of an asset or liability in the balance sheet differs 
from its tax base, except for differences arising on: 
• the initial recognition of goodwill; 
• the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction which is not a business combination and at the time of the 
transaction affects neither accounting or taxable profit; and 
• investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled entities where the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the 
difference and it is probable that the difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. 
 
Recognition of deferred tax assets is restricted to those instances where it is probable that taxable profit will be available 
against which the difference can be utilised. The carrying amount of deferred tax asset is reviewed at each balance sheet date 
and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the 
asset to be recovered. 
 
The amount of the asset or liability is determined using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the 
reporting date and are expected to apply when the deferred tax liabilities/assets are settled/recovered. 
 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when the Group has a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets and 
liabilities and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority on either: 
• the same taxable Group company; or 
• different Group entities which intend either to settle current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis, or to realise the assets 
and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax assets or 
liabilities are expected to be settled or recovered. 
 
Uncertain tax positions 
In respect of uncertain tax positions, where an outflow of funds is believed to be probable and a reliable estimate of the outcome 
can be made, management provides for its best estimate of the liability. Such provisions are measured using either the most likely 
outcome method, or the expected value method depending on management’s judgement of which method better predicts the 
resolution of the uncertainty. The methodology will be reviewed in each case upon the receipt of any new information. 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
Items of property, plant and equipment are initially recognised at cost. As well as the purchase price, cost includes directly 
attributable costs and the estimated present value of any future unavoidable costs of dismantling and removing items. The 
corresponding liability is recognised within provisions. 
 
Freehold land is not depreciated. Assets in the course of construction which have not yet been brought into use are not 
depreciated until fully commissioned and available for use. Depreciation is provided on all other items of property, plant and 
equipment so as to write off their carrying value over their expected useful economic lives. It is provided at the following rates: 
 
Freehold property 
 
– 2%–10% per annum straight line 
Long-term leasehold property improvements 
 
– 2%–10% per annum straight line 
Plant and machinery 
 
– 15% per annum reducing balance/10%–33% per annum straight line 
Motor vehicles 
 
– 25% per annum reducing balance 
E commerce infrastructure 
 
– 10% per annum straight line 
Other fixed assets 
 
– 15%–33% per annum straight line

--- Page 154 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
21 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
1 Accounting policies continued 
IFRS 16: Leases 
The Group leases various properties, plant, equipment and vehicles with a wide range of rental periods. 
 
At the inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a 
lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and 
conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets 
that are held by the lessor. 
 
Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net 
present value of the following lease payments: 
• Fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable. 
• Variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as 
at the commencement date. 
• Amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees. 
• The exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option. 
• Payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option. 
 
Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the liability. 
 
The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily determined, 
which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that 
the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-
use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions. 
 
To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group: 
• Where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point, adjusted to 
reflect changes in financing conditions since third-party financing was received. 
• Uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by the lessee 
which does not have recent third-party financing. 
• Makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security. 
 
If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent financing or market data) 
which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the Group entities use that rate as a starting point to determine the 
incremental borrowing rate. 
 
Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the 
lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. 
 
The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in the Group’s 
assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option or if there is a revised lease term for an 
existing lease. When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying 
amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been 
reduced to zero. 
 
Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following: 
• The amount of the initial measurement of lease liability. 
• Any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. 
• Any initial direct costs. 
• Restoration costs. 
 
Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-
line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the 
underlying asset’s useful life. 
 
Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases of low-value assets, such as IT equipment, are 
recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. 
 
Extension and termination options are included in a number of property and equipment leases across the Group. These are 
used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s operations. The majority of 
extension and termination options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the respective lessor.

--- Page 155 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
22 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Inventories 
Inventories are initially recognised at cost, and subsequently at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises all costs 
of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. 
 
The recoverability of the cost of inventories is assessed every reporting period, by considering the expected net realisable value 
of inventory compared to its carrying value. Management considers the nature and condition of the inventory and considers 
expected sales of work in progress, finished goods and goods for resale and future usage of raw materials. Where the net 
realisable value is lower than the carrying value, a provision is recorded. 
 
Biological assets 
Biological assets comprise the asset types: 
• Salmon eggs 
• Salmon broodstock 
• Salmon milt 
• Lumpfish fingerlings 
• Shrimp 
 
Biological assets are, in accordance with IAS 41: Agriculture, measured at fair value, unless the fair value cannot be measured reliably. 
The categorisation, for each of the above asset types, of the level in the fair value hierarchy set out in IFRS 13 is detailed in Note 17. 
For any biological assets where fair value cannot be measured reliably, the assets are measured at cost less any accumulated 
depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. 
 
Non-current biological assets are those biological assets which will not be sold or produce saleable progeny within 12 months 
of the balance sheet date. Further details of the valuation of biological assets are given in Note 17. 
 
Government grants 
Government grants received on capital expenditure are included in the balance sheet as deferred income and released to the 
income statement over the life of the asset. Grants for revenue expenditure are netted against the cost incurred by the Group. 
Where retention of a government grant is dependent on the Group satisfying certain criteria, it is initially recognised as deferred 
income. When the criteria for retention have been satisfied, the deferred income balance is released to the Consolidated 
Income Statement or netted against the asset purchased. 
 
Provisions 
A provision is recognised in the balance sheet when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a 
past event, that can be reliably measured, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle 
the obligation. The Group has recognised provisions for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount, including those for 
leasehold 
dilapidations and future unavoidable costs of dismantling and removing items of equipment from leased items. The provision is 
measured at the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the obligation at the reporting date, discounted at a pre-tax 
rate reflecting current market assessments of the time value of money and risks specific to the liability. 
 
Investments in equity-accounted investees 
A joint venture is an entity over which the Group has joint control, under a contractual agreement. An associate is an entity 
over which the Group has significant influence and that is neither a subsidiary nor an interest in a joint venture. 
Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not 
control or joint control over those policies. 
 
The results and assets and liabilities of joint ventures and associates are incorporated in the consolidated financial 
statements using the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, investments in joint ventures and 
associates are carried in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at cost as adjusted for post-acquisition changes in the 
Group’s share of the net assets of the joint venture or associate, less any impairment in the value of the investment. 
Losses of a joint venture or associate in excess of the Group’s interest in that entity are not recognised. Additional 
losses are provided for, and a liability is recognised, only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive 
obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint venture or associate. 
 
The activities of the Group’s equity accounted investees are closely aligned with the Group’s principal activities, usually 
being set up to exploit opportunities from the Intellectual Property (“IP”) held within the Group. As a result, the Group’s 
share of the results of these entities is included within Operating Profit to provide more meaning to the operating 
results. 
 
Any excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities 
and contingent liabilities of the joint venture or associate recognised at the date of acquisition is recognised as 
goodwill. The goodwill is included within the carrying amount of the investment.

--- Page 156 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
23 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
1 Accounting policies continued 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits with an original maturity of three months or 
less. Bank overdrafts that are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management are 
included as a component of cash and cash equivalents for the purpose of the statements of cash flows. 
 
Dividends 
Dividends are recognised when they become legally payable. In the case of interim dividends to equity shareholders, this 
is when declared by the Directors. In the case of final dividends, this is when approved by the shareholders at the Annual 
General Meeting (“AGM”). 
 
Assets held for sale 
Any non-current assets, or disposal groups comprising assets and liabilities, are classified as held for sale if it is highly 
probable that they will be recovered primarily through sale rather than through continuing use. Such assets, or disposal 
groups, are generally measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. Any impairment 
loss on a disposal group is allocated first to goodwill, and then to the remaining assets and liabilities on a pro rata basis, 
except that no loss is allocated to inventories, financial assets, deferred tax assets, employee benefit assets, investment 
property or biological assets, which continue to be measured in accordance with the Group’s other accounting policies. 
Impairment losses on initial classification as held for sale or held for distribution and subsequent gains and losses on 
remeasurement are recognised in profit or loss. Once classified as held for sale, intangible assets and property, plant 
and equipment are no longer amortised or depreciated. 
 
2 
Critical accounting estimates and judgements 
The Group makes certain estimates and assumptions regarding the future. Estimates and judgements are continually 
evaluated based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to 
be reasonable under the circumstances. In the future, actual experience may differ from these estimates and 
assumptions. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying 
amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below. 
 
Estimates 
(a) Fair value measurement 
A number of assets and liabilities included in the Group’s financial statements require measurement at, and/or disclosure of, 
fair value. 
 
The fair value measurement of the Group’s financial and non-financial assets and liabilities utilises market observable 
inputs and data as far as possible. Inputs used in determining fair value measurements are categorised into different 
levels based on how observable the inputs used in the valuation technique utilised are (the “fair value hierarchy”): 
• Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical items (unadjusted). 
• Level 2: Observable direct or indirect inputs other than Level 1 inputs. 
• Level 3: Unobservable inputs (i.e. not derived from market data). 
 
The classification of an item into the above levels is based on the lowest level of the inputs used that has a significant effect on 
the fair value measurement of the item. Transfers of items between levels are recognised in the period they occur. 
 
The key sources of estimation uncertainty in items the Group measures at fair value are in biological assets (Note 17), these are 
the estimation of sales volumes and sales prices for uncontracted future sales of salmon eggs. This applies to salmon eggs and 
broodstock with a fair value of £16,042,000. 
 
(b) Impairment of goodwill 
The Group is required to test, on an annual basis, whether goodwill has suffered any impairment. The recoverable amount is 
determined based on value-in-use calculations. The use of this method requires the estimation of future cash flows and the 
choice of a discount rate in order to calculate the present value of the cash flows. More information including carrying values is 
included in Note 14. 
 
Judgements 
Recognition of deferred tax 
Deferred tax is provided in full on temporary differences under the liability method using substantively enacted rates to the 
extent that they are expected to reverse. Provision is made in full where the temporary differences result in liabilities, but 
deferred tax assets are only recognised where the Directors believe it is probable that the assets will be recovered. Judgement 
is required to determine the likelihood of reversal of the temporary differences in establishing whether an asset should 
be recognised.

--- Page 157 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
24 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
3 
Financial instruments – risk management 
The Group is exposed through its operations to the following financial risks: 
• Credit risk 
• Fair value or cash flow interest rate risk 
• Foreign exchange risk 
• Liquidity risk 
 
In common with all other businesses, the Group is exposed to risks that arise from its use of financial instruments. This note 
describes the Group’s objectives, policies and processes for managing those risks and the methods used to measure them. 
Further quantitative information in respect of these risks is presented throughout these financial statements. There have been 
no substantive changes in the Group’s exposure to financial instrument risks, its objectives, policies and processes for 
managing those risks or the methods used to measure them from previous periods unless otherwise stated in this note. 
 
Principal financial instruments 
The principal financial instruments used by the Group, from which financial instrument risk arises, are as follows: 
• Trade and other receivables 
• Cash and cash equivalents 
• Trade and other payables 
• Bank overdrafts 
• Floating-rate bank loans 
• Floating rate NOK Bond (“FRN”) 
• Cross-currency swap (“CCS”) 
• Interest rate swaps (“IRS”) 
• Contingent consideration 
 
The Group’s interest rate risk is primarily in relation to floating rate borrowings, which generates interest cost volatility. The 
Group’s policy is to mitigate, to an acceptable level, this possible cost volatility. 
 
To manage this risk, the Group took out a NIBOR floating-to-fixed IRS in 2019 to fix a proportion of the interest payments on 
the NOK 165.5m (2021: NOK 180m) term loan in Benchmark Genetics Salten. The IRS fully matches the tenor of the loan and 
further information on the underlying loan can be found in Note 20. 
 
Following the issue of the NOK 750m FRN (Green Bond) in 2022 a floating-to-fixed CCS was entered which fully matches the 
timing and tenor of the underlying FRN. The CCS converted NOK 450m (60%) to US dollars. The Group also took out a 
floating- to-fixed IRS for the remaining NOK 300m. Further information on the CCS and IRS can be found in Note 20. 
 
The CCS and IRS will be carried at fair value on the balance sheet. The effective portion of changes in fair value of the CCS 
will either be taken directly to the income statement or to equity within the hedging reserve and recycled to profit or loss 
as the hedged FRN impacts the profit or loss. To the extent that any ineffectiveness results, the ineffective portion of the 
gain or loss will be recognised in profit or loss within finance expense. To measure actual ineffectiveness the change in 
fair value of the hedged item is calculated using a hypothetical derivative method. 
 
The main sources of ineffectiveness relating to interest rate risk hedges are differences in the critical terms, differences in 
repricing dates and credit risk. 
 
Hedges of the Group’s net investment in foreign operations principally comprise borrowings in the currency of the 
investment’s net assets. This enables gains and losses arising on retranslation of these foreign currency borrowings to be 
charged to other comprehensive income, providing a partial offset in equity against the gains and losses arising on 
translation of the net assets of foreign operations.

--- Page 158 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
25 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
3. Financial instruments – risk management continued 
During the year the Group designated NOK 300m of the issued NOK 750m green bond as a net investment hedge of NOK 
net assets. Any ineffective portion of the change in fair value is recognised immediately in the income statement. 
 
As at September 2022 
Notional Value of
contracts
thousands
Average 
fixed rate 
Change in fair 
value of 
hedging 
instrument 
during 
reporting 
period used for 
measuring 
ineffectiveness 
£000 
Fair value 
recognised 
in balance 
sheet 
(Assets) 
£000 
Fair value 
recognised in 
balance 
sheet 
(Liabilities) 
£000 
Change in fair 
value of hedged 
item during 
reporting period 
used 
for measuring 
effectiveness 
£000 
Ineffectiveness 
recognised in 
the period 
£000 
Interest rate risk – NOK 
NOK 82,800 
5.13% 
529 
375 
- 
(529) 
- 
Interest rate risk – NOK 
NOK 300,000 
10.15% 
176 
176 
- 
(176) 
- 
Cross-currency risk – USD 
NOK 450,000 
8.03% 
(1,855) 
- 
(8,563) 
1,855 
- 
 
As at September 2021 
Notional Value of
contracts
thousands
Average 
fixed rate 
Change in fair 
value of 
hedging 
instrument 
during 
reporting 
period used for 
measuring 
ineffectiveness 
£000 
Fair value 
recognised 
in balance 
sheet 
(Assets) 
£000 
Fair value 
recognised in 
balance 
sheet 
(Liabilities) 
£000 
Change in fair 
value of hedged 
item during 
reporting period 
used 
for measuring 
effectiveness 
£000 
Ineffectiveness 
recognised in 
the period 
£000 
Interest rate risk – NOK 
NOK 90,000 
2.01% 
486 
- 
(153) 
(486) 
- 
Cross-currency risk – GBP 
NOK 637,500 
6.42% 
3,277 
- 
(5,736) 
(3,277) 
- 
Cross-currency risk – USD 
NOK 212,500 
7.28% 
2,063 
- 
(972) 
(2,063) 
- 
 
The line item in the balance sheet that the above hedging instruments is included in is trade and other payables. The item in 
the profit and loss account that includes the recognised hedge ineffectiveness is finance cost. 
 
Further information is shown in Note 20. 
 
A summary of the financial instruments held by category is provided below: 
 
Financial assets 
 
 
2022
£000
2021 
£000 
Financial assets not measured at fair value 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents (Note 31) 
36,399 
39,460 
Trade and other receivables (Note 18) 
28,470 
22,033 
 
64,869 
61,493 
Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss 
 
 
Other receivables – contingent consideration 
887 
1,028 
Total financial assets 
65,756 
62,521

--- Page 159 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
26 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
3. Financial instruments – risk management continued 
Financial liabilities 
 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
Trade and other payables (Note 19) 
44,711 
40,556 
Loans and borrowings (Note 20) 
110,136 
120,391 
154,866 
160,947 
Financial liabilities at fair value through Hedging Reserve 
Financial contracts – hedging instrument (Note 19) 
21 
5,889 
21 
5,889 
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss 
Financial contracts – hedging instrument (Note 19) 
7,991 
972 
Total financial liabilities 
162,859 
167,808 
 
General objectives, policies and processes 
The Board has overall responsibility for the determination of the Group’s risk management objectives and policies and, whilst 
retaining ultimate responsibility for them, it has delegated the authority for designing and operating processes that ensure the 
effective implementation of the objectives and policies to the Group’s finance function. 
 
The Board receives monthly reports from the Group’s Chief Financial Officer through which it reviews the effectiveness of the 
processes put in place and the appropriateness of the objectives and policies it sets. 
 
The overall objective of the Board is to set policies that seek to reduce risk as far as possible without unduly affecting the 
Group’s competitiveness and flexibility. Further details regarding these policies are set out below: 
 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its 
contractual obligations. The Group is mainly exposed to credit risk from credit sales. Trade receivables are written off when 
there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst 
others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan with the Group for debts past due. It is Group policy, implemented 
locally, to assess the credit risk of new customers before entering contracts. 
 
The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected loss 
allowance for all trade receivables. 
 
To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit-risk characteristics, and 
the days past due. The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 24 months before 30 
September 2022 and the corresponding historical losses experienced within this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted 
to reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle 
the receivables. At 30 September 2022 the risk is considered to have increased in response to the global economic pressures 
caused by the conflict in Eastern Europe.

--- Page 160 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
27 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
3. Financial instruments – risk management continued 
Credit risk continued 
The loss allowance provision as at 30 September 2022 and 30 September 2021 is determined as follows: 
 
 
 
30 September 2022 
Not due 
£000 
Past due (up to  
one month) 
£000 
Past due (one to 
three months) 
£000 
Past due (three 
to twelve 
months) 
£000 
Past due (over 
twelve months) 
£000 
 
Total 
£000 
Expected loss rate 
0.99% 
0.99% 
3.86% 
11.83% 
101.56% 
 
Gross carrying amount – trade 
receivables 
22,606 
3,754 
2,021 
530 
2,310 
31,219 
Loss allowance 
(225) 
(37) 
(78) 
(63) 
(2,346) 
(2,748) 
Specific loss allowance 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
Total loss allowance 
(225) 
(37) 
(78) 
(63) 
(2,346) 
(2,748) 
 
30 September 2021 
 
Not due 
£000 
Past due (up to  
one month) 
£000 
Past due (one to 
three months) 
£000 
Past due (three 
to twelve 
months) 
£000 
Past due (over 
twelve months) 
£000 
 
Total 
£000 
Expected loss rate 
0.25% 
0.65% 
4.33% 
16.36% 
100.00% 
 
Gross carrying amount – trade receivables 
18,859 
1,932 
786 
669 
2,280 
24,526 
Loss allowance 
(46) 
(13) 
(34) 
(109) 
(2,280) 
(2,482) 
Specific loss allowance 
– 
– 
– 
(11) 
– 
(11) 
Total loss allowance 
(46) 
(13) 
(34) 
(120) 
(2,280) 
(2,493) 
 
The movement in Group provision for impairment of trade receivables is shown in Note 18. 
 
Credit risk also arises from cash and cash equivalents and deposits with banks and financial institutions. For banks and 
financial institutions, only independently rated parties with minimum rating ‘A’ are accepted. 
Fair value and cash flow interest rate risk 
During the year the Group had borrowings denominated in US Dollars and Norwegian Krone. If interest rates on US Dollar and 
Norwegian Krone denominated borrowings had been 100 basis points higher/lower with all other variables held constant, 
loss after tax for the year ended 30 September 2022 would be £956,000 higher/lower (2021: £962,000 higher/lower). The 
Directors consider that 100 basis points is the maximum likely change in the relevant interest rates over the next year, being 
the period up to the next point at which the Group expects to make these disclosures. 
 
A fundamental review and reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being undertaken globally. The Group renegotiated the 
terms of its LIBOR Revolving Credit Facility in December 21 to Sterling Overnight Index Average Rate (SONIA). The impact of 
this was not material. 
 
The only interest rate benchmarks which the Group is predominantly exposed to and that is subject to reform is NIBOR. These 
exposures relate to the FRN, Revolving Credit Facility, Benchmark Genetics Salten Term Loan and the associated floating-to- 
fixed IRS and CCS. At present the Norwegian regulatory bodies have provided no further updates on NIBOR transition and no 
formal cessation date has been agreed. 
 
The Group continues to engage with its finance partners whilst closely monitoring the market and output from various industry 
working groups managing the transition to new benchmark interest rates. 
 
Foreign exchange risk 
Foreign exchange risk arises when individual Group entities enter into transactions denominated in a currency other than their 
functional currency (principally Sterling, Norwegian Krone, Icelandic Krona, Euro, US Dollars and Danish Krone). The Group’s 
policy is, where possible, to allow Group entities to settle liabilities denominated in their functional currency with the cash 
generated from their own operations in that currency. Where Group entities have liabilities denominated in a currency other 
than their functional currency (and have insufficient reserves of that currency to settle them), cash already denominated in that 
currency will, where possible, be transferred from elsewhere within the Group. 
 
The following table shows the impact of a 10% increase and reduction in Sterling against the relevant foreign currencies, with 
all other variables held constant, on the Group’s profit before tax and equity. A greater or smaller change would have a pro rata 
effect. The movements in profit arise from retranslation of foreign currency denominated monetary items held at the year 
end, including the foreign currency revolving credit facility, foreign currency bank accounts, trade receivables, trade and other 
payables. The movements in equity arise from the retranslation of the net assets of overseas subsidiaries and the intangible 
assets arising on consolidation in accordance with IFRS 10: Consolidated Financial Statements.

--- Page 161 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
28 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
3. Financial instruments – risk management continued 
Foreign exchange risk 
 
£/$ 
£/€ 
£/NOK 
£/ISK 
£/THB 
Increase/(decrease) 
Profit 
£000 
Equity 
£000 
Profit 
£000 
Equity 
£000 
Profit 
£000 
Equity 
£000 
Profit 
£000 
Equity 
£000 
Profit 
£000 
Equity 
£000 
2022 10% increase in rate 
(1,310) 
(14,886) 
(344) 
(2,952) 
6,085 
(1,614) 
5 
(3,781) 
(520) 
(2,277) 
2022 10% reduction in rate 
1,601 
18,194 
420 
3,608 
(7,438) 
1,973 
(6) 
4,621 
635 
2,783 
2021 10% increase in rate 
99 
(14,824) 
(53) 
(2,422) 
6,816 
(926) 
5 
(2,787) 
41 
(1,887) 
2021 10% reduction in rate 
(121) 
18,119 
64 
2,961 
(8,331) 
1,131 
(6) 
3,406 
(50) 
2,306 
 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk arises from the Group’s management of working capital and the finance charges and principal repayments on its 
debt instruments. It is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting its financial obligations as they fall due. 
 
The Group’s policy is to ensure that it will always have sufficient cash to allow it to meet its liabilities when they become due. 
To achieve this aim, the Group seeks to maintain cash balances (or agreed facilities) sufficient to meet expected requirements 
detailed in rolling three-month cash flow forecasts, and in long-term cash flow forecasts for a minimum period of not less than 
12 months. 
 
The following table sets out the contractual maturities (representing undiscounted contractual cash flows) of financial liabilities: 
 
As at September 2022 
Up to  
3 months 
£000 
Between 3 
and 
12 months 
£000 
Between 
1 and 2 years 
£000 
Between 2 and 
5 years 
£000 
Over5 
years 
£000 
Trade and other payables 
36,097 
7,630 
96 
– 
888 
Financial contracts – hedging instruments 
77 
24 
12 
7,899 
– 
Loan notes and bank borrowings 
2,005 
5,962 
21,086 
69,455 
1,420 
Lease liabilities 
3,071 
10,374 
10,861 
2,091 
– 
Total 
41,250 
23,990 
32,055 
79,445 
2,308 
 
As at September 2021 
Up to  
3 months 
£000 
Between 3 and 
12 months 
£000 
Between 
1 and 2 years 
£000 
Between 2 and 
5 years 
£000 
Over5 
years 
£000 
 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
Trade and other payables 
32,489 
7,156 
– 
– 
911 
Financial contracts – hedging instruments 
232 
416 
6,060 
153 
– 
Loan notes, bank borrowings and other loans 
1,614 
4,803 
77,264 
15,853 
1,849 
Lease liabilities 
3,271 
5,936 
6,902 
10,444 
274 
Total 
37,606 
18,311 
90,226 
26,450 
3,034 
 
Capital management 
The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, as analysed in Note 20, and equity attributable to the equity 
holders of the Parent Company, comprising share capital, share premium, merger reserve, capital redemption reserve, 
hedging reserve, foreign exchange reserve, retained earnings, and share-based payment reserve, and non-controlling 
interest as shown in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. The Group manages its capital with the objective 
that all entities within the Group continue as going concerns while maintaining an efficient structure to minimise the 
cost of capital and ensuring that the Group complies with the banking covenants associated with the external 
borrowing facilities. These covenants are related to minimum liquidity, equity and borrowing ratios. The Group is not 
restricted by any externally imposed capital requirements.

--- Page 162 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
29 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
4 
Revenue 
The Group’s operations and main revenue streams are those described in Note 1. The Group’s revenue is derived from contracts 
with customers. 
 
Disaggregation of revenue in the following tables: revenue is disaggregated by primary geographical market and by sales of 
goods and services. The table includes a reconciliation of the disaggregated revenue with the Group’s reportable segments 
(see Note 6). 
 
Sales of goods and provision of services 
Year ended 30 September 2022 
Genetics 
£000 
Advanced 
Nutrition 
£000 
Health 
£000 
Corporate 
£000 
Inter-segment 
sales 
£000 
Total 
£000 
Sale of goods 
53,978 
80,191 
13,528 
– 
– 
147,697 
Provision of services 
3,973 
– 
6,607 
– 
– 
10,580 
Inter-segment sales 
57 
95 
– 
5,120 
(5,272) 
– 
 
58,008 
80,286 
20,135 
5,120 
(5,272) 
158,277 
 
Year ended 30 September 2021 
Genetics 
£000 
Advanced 
Nutrition 
£000 
Health 
£000 
Corporate 
£000 
Inter-segment 
sales 
£000 
Total 
£000 
Sale of goods 
41,947 
70,458 
6,135 
– 
– 
118,540 
Provision of services 
4,825 
– 
1,697 
– 
– 
6,522 
Inter-segment sales 
25 
72 
– 
4,820 
(4,917) 
– 
 
46,797 
70,530 
7,832 
4,820 
(4,917) 
125,062 
 
Primary geographical markets 
Year ended 30 September 2022 
Genetics 
£000 
Advanced 
Nutrition 
£000 
Health 
£000 
Corporate 
£000 
Inter-segment 
sales 
£000 
Total 
£000 
Norway 
34,666 
965 
15,571 
– 
– 
51,202 
India 
619 
12,001 
– 
– 
– 
12,620 
Singapore 
– 
7,044 
– 
– 
– 
7,044 
Turkey 
– 
6,419 
– 
– 
– 
6,419 
Ecuador 
18 
6,472 
– 
– 
– 
6,490 
Greece 
2 
6,197 
– 
– 
– 
6,199 
Faroe Islands 
5,465 
9 
587 
– 
– 
6,061 
UK 
4,318 
93 
199 
– 
– 
4,610 
Chile 
1,006 
15 
871 
– 
– 
1,892 
Rest of Europe 
7,110 
4,056 
– 
– 
– 
11,166 
Rest of World 
4,747 
36,920 
2,907 
– 
– 
44,574 
Inter-segment sales 
57 
95 
– 
5,120 
(5,272) 
– 
 
58,008 
80,286 
20,135 
5,120 
(5,272) 
158,277

--- Page 163 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
30 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
4. Revenue continued 
Year ended 30 September 2021 
Genetics 
£000 
Advanced 
Nutrition 
£000 
Health 
£000 
Corporate 
£00
0 
Inter-segment 
sales 
£000 
Total 
£00
0 
Norway 
27,129 
570 
3,689 
– 
– 
31,388 
UK 
3,843 
117 
622 
– 
– 
4,582 
Faroe Islands 
5,636 
18 
348 
– 
– 
6,002 
Ecuador 
– 
4,066 
– 
– 
– 
4,066 
India 
– 
12,166 
3 
– 
– 
12,169 
Greece 
25 
6,108 
– 
– 
– 
6,133 
Singapore 
– 
7,544 
– 
– 
– 
7,544 
Chile 
437 
7 
2,335 
– 
– 
2,779 
Turkey 
– 
5,977 
– 
– 
– 
5,977 
Rest of Europe 
6,922 
4,208 
26 
– 
– 
11,156 
Rest of World 
2,780 
29,677 
809 
– 
– 
33,266 
Inter-segment sales 
25 
72 
– 
4,820 
(4,917) 
– 
 
46,797 
70,530 
7,832 
4,820 
(4,917) 
125,062 
 
In 2021 and 2022 no customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue. 
 
5 
Expenses by nature 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Changes in inventories of finished goods and work in progress 
(3,955) 
(999) 
Fair value movement in biological assets 
(1,595) 
(3,323) 
Other movements in biological assets 
(4,532) 
(2,104) 
Write-down of inventory to net realisable value 
(14) 
(87) 
Raw materials and consumables used 
60,794 
52,007 
Transportation expenses 
5,302 
3,111 
Staff costs 
44,256 
37,993 
Motor, travel and entertainment 
2,439 
783 
Premises costs 
8,672 
5,424 
Advertising and marketing 
1,352 
1,077 
Professional fees 
6,895 
6,108 
(Profit)/Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment 
(43) 
46 
Exceptional – restructuring/acquisition related items (see Note 8) 
(16) 
184 
Other research and development costs 
2,741 
3,037 
Depreciation and impairment of PPE 
8,602 
5,017 
Depreciation and impairment of right-of-use assets 
11,295 
3,342 
Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets 
19,161 
16,283 
Net impairment (reversed)/recognised on trade receivables 
101 
(583) 
Other costs 
5,430 
3,663 
 
166,885 
130,979 
Other income – included within operating costs 
(1,342) 
(1,445) 
Total cost of sales, operating costs, depreciation, amortisation and impairment 
165,543 
129,534

--- Page 164 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
31 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
5. Expenses by nature continued 
Other income 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Research and development expenditure credit 
199 
429 
Grant 
114 
58 
Royalties and compensation 
458 
493 
Other 
571 
465 
 
1,342 
1,445 
 
6 
Segment information 
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the reports made to the chief operating decision maker. It is 
considered that the role of chief operating decision maker is performed by the Board of Directors. 
 
The Group operates globally and for management purposes is organised into reportable segments based on the following 
business areas: 
• Genetics – harnesses industry leading salmon breeding technologies combined with state-of-the-art production 
facilities to provide a range of year-round high genetic merit ova. 
• Advanced Nutrition – manufactures and provides technically advanced nutrition and health products to the 
global aquaculture industry. 
• Health – following the divestment programme completed in the previous year the segment now focuses on providing 
health products to the global aquaculture market. 
 
In order to reconcile the segmental analysis to the Consolidated Income Statement, corporate and inter-segment sales 
are also shown. Corporate sales represent revenues earned from recharging certain central costs to the operating 
business areas, together with unallocated central costs. 
Measurement of operating segment profit or loss 
Inter-segment sales are priced along the same lines as sales to external customers, with an appropriate discount being 
applied to encourage use of Group resources at a rate acceptable to local tax authorities. This policy was applied consistently 
throughout the current and prior period. 
 
 
 
 
Year ended 30 September 2022 
Genetics 
£000 
Advanced 
Nutrition 
£000 
Health 
£000
Corporate 
£000 
Inter-
segment 
sales 
£000 
Total 
£000
Revenue 
58,008 
80,286 
20,135 
5,120 
(5,272) 
158,277 
Cost of sales 
(25,971) 
(37,733) 
(11,544) 
4 
95 
(75,149) 
Gross profit/ (loss) 
32,037 
42,553 
8,591 
5,124 
(5,177) 
83,128 
Research and development costs 
(4,329) 
(1,990) 
(372) 
– 
– 
(6,691) 
Operating costs 
(11,133) 
(21,546) 
(8,111) 
(9,048) 
5,177 
(44,661) 
Share of profit of equity-accounted investees, net of tax 
(595) 
– 
– 
– 
– 
(595) 
Adjusted EBITDA 
15,980 
19,017 
108 
(3,924) 
– 
31,181 
Exceptional – restructuring/acquisition related items 
– 
(220) 
18 
218 
– 
16 
EBITDA 
15,980 
18,797 
126 
(3,706) 
– 
31,197 
Depreciation and impairment 
(5,322) 
(2,236) 
(12,251) 
(88) 
– 
(19,897) 
Amortisation and impairment 
(1,695) 
(15,000) 
(2,463) 
(3) 
– 
(19,161) 
Operating profit/(loss) 
8,963 
1,561 
(14,588) 
(3,797) 
– 
(7,861) 
Finance cost 
 
 
(20,057) 
Finance income 
 
 
4,741 
Loss before tax 
 
 
(23,177)

--- Page 165 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
32 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
6. Segment information continued 
Year ended 30 September 2021 
Genetics 
£000 
Advanced 
Nutrition 
£000 
Health 
£000 
Corporate 
£000 
Inter-
segment 
sales 
£000 
Total 
£000 
Revenue 
46,797 
70,530 
7,832 
4,820 
(4,917) 
125,062 
Cost of sales 
(20,866) 
(34,562) 
(4,118) 
2 
67 
(59,477) 
Gross profit/(loss) 
25,931 
35,968 
3,714 
4,822 
(4,850) 
65,585 
Research and development costs 
(4,865) 
(1,948) 
(197) 
– 
– 
(7,010) 
Operating costs 
(8,933) 
(19,918) 
(6,202) 
(8,018) 
4,850 
(38,221) 
Share of profit of equity-accounted investees, net of tax 
(605) 
(300) 
– 
– 
– 
(905) 
Adjusted EBITDA 
11,528 
13,802 
(2,685) 
(3,196) 
– 
19,449 
Exceptional – restructuring/acquisition related items 
850 
(356) 
(515) 
(163) 
– 
(184) 
EBITDA 
12,378 
13,446 
(3,200) 
(3,359) 
– 
19,265 
Depreciation and impairment 
(4,166) 
(2,154) 
(1,871) 
(168) 
– 
(8,359) 
Amortisation and impairment 
(1,338) 
(13,896) 
(1,047) 
(2) 
– 
(16,283) 
Operating profit/(loss) 
6,874 
(2,604) 
(6,118) 
(3,529) 
– 
(5,377) 
Finance cost 
 
 
 
 
 
(7,987) 
Finance income 
 
 
 
 
 
4,185 
Loss before tax 
 
 
 
 
 
(9,179) 
 
Non-current assets by location of assets 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Belgium 
173,135 
156,998 
Norway 
83,752 
86,545 
UK 
42,373 
44,629 
Iceland 
39,448 
35,062 
Rest of Europe 
953 
1,062 
Rest of world 
38,543 
33,668 
378,204 
357,964 
 
7 
Net finance costs 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Interest received on bank deposits 
319 
88 
Foreign exchange gains on financing activities 
4,422 
786 
Foreign exchange gains on operating activities 
– 
1,957 
Cash flow hedges – reclassified from OCI 
– 
(709) 
Cash flow hedges – ineffective portion of changes in fair value 
– 
2,063 
Finance income 
4,741 
4,185 
Finance leases (interest portion) 
(1,744) 
(1,076) 
Cash flow hedges – reclassified from OCI 
(2,546) 
– 
Cash flow hedges – ineffective portion of changes in fair value 
(4,475) 
– 
Foreign exchange losses on operating activities 
(1,620) 
– 
Interest expense on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
(9,672) 
(6,911) 
Finance costs 
(20,057) 
(7,987) 
Net finance costs recognised in profit or loss 
(15,316) 
(3,802) 
 
Interest expense includes £1,457,000 (2021: £nil) relating to an early redemption penalty for the NOK 850m floating rate 
listed bond which was settled during the year.

--- Page 166 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
33 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
8 
Exceptional items – restructuring/acquisition related items 
Items that are material because of their nature, non-recurring or whose significance is sufficient to warrant separate 
disclosure and identification within the consolidated financial statements are referred to as exceptional items. The 
separate reporting of exceptional items helps to provide an understanding of the Group’s underlying performance. 
 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Acquisition related items 
– 
(850) 
Exceptional restructuring costs 
1,229 
480 
Cost in relation to disposals 
(1,245) 
554 
Total exceptional items 
(16) 
184 
 
Acquisition-related items are costs incurred in investigating and acquiring new businesses. In 2021 contingent consideration of 
£850,000 was released in relation to the purchase of Benchmark Genetics (USA) Inc. 
 
Exceptional costs include: £843,000 (2021: £nil) of legal and professional costs in relation to preparing for listing the 
Group on the Oslo stock exchange, and £276,000 (2021: £480,000) relating to restructuring costs. 
 
Costs in relation to disposals includes a credit of £1,203,000 (2021: £nil) in relation to additional contingent consideration 
received and receivable from disposals in previous years (£294,000 relating to the disposal of Aquaculture UK on 7 
February 2020, and £909,000 relating to the disposal of Improve International Limited and its subsidiaries on 23 June 
2020) together with legal fees, lease costs and disposal items (net of proceeds received) totalling £42,000 relating to 
additional costs and disposals proceeds relating to disposals that occurred in 2020. 
 
9 
Taxation 
Amounts recognised in profit or loss 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Current tax expense 
Analysis of charge in period 
Current tax: 
Current income tax expense on profits for the period 
Adjustment in respect of prior periods 
11,727 
(39) 
5,383 
502 
Total current tax charge 
11,688 
5,885 
Deferred tax expense 
Origination and reversal of temporary differences 
(4,414) 
(3,228) 
Deferred tax movements in respect of prior periods 
– 
(260) 
Total deferred tax credit (Note 22) 
(4,414) 
(3,488) 
Total tax charge 
7,274 
2,397 
 
The reasons for the difference between the actual tax charge for the year and the standard rate of corporation tax in the UK 
applied to profits for the year are as follows: 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Accounting loss before income tax 
(23,177) 
(9,179) 
Expected tax credit based on the standard rate of UK corporation tax at the 
domestic rate of 19.0% (2021: 19.0%) 
(4,404) 
(1,744) 
Income not taxable 
(181) 
(133) 
Expenses not deductible for tax purposes 
1,235 
358 
Deferred tax not recognised 
9,299 
3,775 
Adjustment to tax charge in respect of prior periods 
(39) 
242 
Effects of changes in tax rates 
– 
(6) 
Different tax rates in overseas jurisdictions 
1,364 
(95) 
Total tax charge 
7,274 
2,397

--- Page 167 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
34 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
9. Taxation continued 
As at 30 September 2022, the Group held a current provision within corporation tax of £1.0m (2021: £1.0m) in respect of 
uncertain tax positions. The resolution of these tax matters may take many years. The range of reasonably possible outcomes 
within the next financial year is £nil to £1.2m. 
 
Deferred tax not recognised of £9,299,000 (2021: £3,775,000) mainly relates to current year losses which largely originate in 
the UK, and for which there is insufficient evidence that taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilised and so 
no deferred tax asset is recognised. 
 
In FY21, the adjustment to tax charge in respect of prior periods includes a credit of £260,000 relating to deferred tax on 
intangible assets that should have been recognised at 30 September 2020. No adjustment was made in the current year. 
 
Changes in tax rates and factors affecting the future tax charge 
The UK Finance Bill 2021 substantively enacted on 24 May 2021, included an increase in the main rate of UK corporation tax 
from 19% to 25%, effective 1 April 2023. UK deferred tax assets and liabilities as at 30 September 2022 have been recalculated 
accordingly, based on the Group’s best estimate of the timing of the unwind of existing temporary differences. 
 
Deferred taxation is measured at tax rates that are expected to apply in the periods in which temporary timing differences are 
expected to reverse based on tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date, in the 
territories in which they arose. 
 
There was no deferred tax recognised in other comprehensive income in the year (2021: £nil). 
 
10 Loss per share 
Basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company by the 
weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the period. 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Loss attributable to equity holders of the parent (£000) 
(32,087) 
(12,891) 
Weighted average number of shares in issue (thousands) 
698,233 
669,459 
Basic loss per share (pence) 
(4.60) 
(1.93) 
 
Diluted loss per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to assume 
conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. This is done by calculating the number of shares that could have been 
acquired at fair value based on the monetary value of the subscription rights attached to outstanding share options and 
warrants. 
 
A total of 6,240,304 potential ordinary shares have not been included within the calculation of statutory diluted loss per share 
for the year (2021: 4,615,712) as they are anti-dilutive and reduce the loss per share. However, these potential ordinary shares 
could dilute earnings per share in the future.

--- Page 168 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
35 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
11 
Property, plant and equipment 
 
 
Freehold 
Land and 
Buildings 
£000 
Assets in the 
course of 
construction 
£000 
Long Term 
Leasehold 
Property 
Improvements 
£000 
Plant and 
Machinery£
000 
Office 
Equipment 
and 
Fixtures 
£000 
Total 
£000 
 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
Cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 1 October 2020 
57,856 
1,213 
5,967 
25,149 
2,596 
92,781 
Additions 
4,461 
4,118 
841 
7,608 
955 
17,983 
Reclassification 
(2,075) 
(371) 
38 
2,414 
(6) 
– 
Increase/(decrease) through transfers from assets 
in the course of construction 
3,080 
(3,080) 
– 
– 
– 
– 
Exchange differences 
(5) 
(73) 
(22) 
(1,107) 
(206) 
(1,413) 
Disposals 
(290) 
– 
(403) 
(1,171) 
(588) 
(2,452) 
Disposals through sale of subsidiary 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
Balance at 30 September 2021 
63,027 
1,807 
6,421 
32,893 
2,751 
106,899 
Balance at 1 October 2021 
63,027 
1,807 
6,421 
32,893 
2,751 
106,899 
Additions 
4,025 
1,616 
283 
4,546 
338 
10,808 
Re-classification to inventory 
– 
– 
– 
(1,514) 
– 
(1,514) 
Increase/(decrease) through transfers from 
assets in the course of construction 
251 
(1,275) 
– 
995 
29 
– 
Exchange differences 
1,924 
116 
432 
2,377 
146 
4,995 
Disposals 
(224) 
– 
– 
(131) 
(126) 
(481) 
Balance at 30 September 2022 
69,003 
2,264 
7,136 
39,166 
3,138 
120,707 
Accumulated Depreciation 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 1 October 2020 
6,481 
– 
4,984 
14,669 
1,046 
27,180 
Depreciation charge for the year 
2,120 
– 
192 
2,379 
486 
5,177 
Reversal of impairment in the year 
– 
– 
– 
(160) 
– 
(160) 
Exchange differences 
(541) 
– 
(63) 
(986) 
(196) 
(1,786) 
Disposals 
(231) 
– 
(390) 
(1,096) 
(575) 
(2,292) 
Balance at 30 September 2021 
7,829 
– 
4,723 
14,806 
761 
28,119 
Balance at 1 October 2022 
7,829 
– 
4,723 
14,806 
761 
28,119 
Depreciation charge for the year 
2,387 
– 
197 
5,411 
607 
8,602 
Exchange differences 
792 
– 
256 
1,200 
141 
2,389 
Disposals 
(84) 
– 
– 
(102) 
(117) 
(303) 
Balance at 30 September 2022 
10,924 
– 
5,176 
21,315 
1,392 
38,807 
Net book value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 30 September 2022 
58,079 
2,264 
1,960 
17,851 
1,746 
81,900 
At 30 September 2021 
55,198 
1,807 
1,698 
18,087 
1,990 
78,780 
At 1 October 2020 
51,375 
1,213 
983 
10,480 
1,550 
65,601

--- Page 169 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
36 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
12 Leases 
 
Right-of-use-assets 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Leasehold property 
9,389 
9,859 
Plant and machinery 
17,582 
15,541 
Office equipment and fixtures 
63 
131 
 
27,034 
25,531 
 
Lease liabilities 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Current 
11,522 
9,042 
Non-current 
14,765 
14,945 
 
26,287 
23,987 
Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets 
Right-of-use-assets 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Leasehold property 
1,383 
1,449 
Plant and machinery 
9,176 
1,718 
Office equipment and fixtures 
72 
75 
 
10,631 
3,242 
 
Additional information 
 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Additions to right-of-use assets 
497 
18,721 
Modifications to right-of-use assets 
10,884 
– 
Impairment of leasehold property right-of-use asset 
664 
100 
Interest expense 
1,744 
1,076 
Expense relating to short-term leases 
152 
371 
Expense relating to leases of low-value leases 
151 
58 
Total cash outflow for leases 
10,533 
6,107 
 
Benchmark Animal Health Limited modified the existing leases for two PSV vessels, the FS Aquarius and the FS Pegasus to 
extend the lease term only. These two assets constitute £15,741,399 of the net book value and £15,358,543 of the lease liability 
at the year end.

--- Page 170 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
37 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
13 Intangible assets 
 
 
Websites 
 
Goodwill 
Patents and 
Trademarks 
Intellectual 
Property 
Customer 
Lists 
 
Contracts 
 
Licences 
 
Genetics 
Development 
costs 
 
Total 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
Cost or valuation 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 1 October 2020 
201 
144,346 
270 
138,718 
5,497 
6,561 
35,559 
22,182 
23,057 
376,391 
Additions – externally 
acquired 
 
115 
 
– 
 
68 
 
– 
 
– 
 
– 
 
42 
 
– 
 
– 
 
225 
Additions – internally 
developed 
 
– 
 
– 
 
– 
 
– 
 
– 
 
– 
 
– 
 
– 
 
4,813 
 
4,813 
Exchange differences 
3 
(4,291) 
– 
(5,517) 
(226) 
41 
(1,122) 
454 
(291) 
(10,949) 
Balance at 
30 September 2021 
 
319 
 
140,055 
 
338 
 
133,201 
 
5,271 
 
6,602 
 
34,479 
 
22,636 
 
27,579 
 
370,480 
Balance at  
1 October 2021 
319 140,055 
338 
133,201 
5,271 
6,602 
34,479 22,636 
27,579 370,480 
Additions – externally 
acquired 
94 
– 
111 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
205 
Additions – internally 
developed 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
1,708 
1,708 
Exchange differences 
34 
24,619 
3 
27,206 
1,107 
(27) 
5,841 
599 
1,935 
61,317 
Balance at 
30 September 2022 
447 164,674 
452 
160,407 
6,378 
6,575 
40,320 23,235 
31,222 433,710 
Accumulated 
amortisation and 
impairment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Balance at 
1 October 2020 
26 
43,101 
81 
63,163 
1,005 
6,114 
11,376 
3,431 
1,091 129,388 
Amortisation charge for 
the period 
41 
– 
53 
12,707 
199 
66 
1,909 
622 
299 
15,896 
Impairment 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
387 
387 
Exchange differences 
– 
(1,743) 
(1) 
(2,329) 
(38) 
30 
(208) 
58 
– 
(4,231) 
Balance at 
30 September 2021 
67 
41,358 
133 
73,541 
1,166 
6,210 
13,077 
4,111 
1,777 
141,440 
Balance at  
1 October 2021 
67 
41,358 
133 
73,541 
1,166 
6,210 
13,077 
4,111 
1,777 141,440 
Amortisation charge for 
the period 
67 
– 
70 
13,574 
215 
102 
2,027 
636 
2,165 
18,856 
Impairment 
– 
– 
– 
305 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
305 
Exchange differences 
9 
8,592 
3 
16,966 
275 
(19) 
1,839 
139 
41 
27,845 
Balance at 
30 September 2022 
143 
49,950 
206 
104,386 
1,656 
6,293 
16,943 
4,886 
3,983 188,446 
Net book value 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At 30 September 2022 
304 
114,724 
246 
56,021 
4,722 
282 
23,377 18,349 
27,239 245,264 
At 30 September 2021 
252 
98,697 
205 
59,660 
4,105 
392 
21,402 
18,525 
25,802 229,040 
At 1 October 2020 
175 
101,245 
189 
75,555 
4,492 
447 
24,183 
18,751 
21,966 247,003

--- Page 171 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
38 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
13. Intangible assets continued 
 
Description 
Category 
NBV 2022 
£000 
NBV 2021 
£000 
Remaining life 
2022 
Acquistion of INVE in 2015 
Goodwill 
Goodwill 
87,585 
72,385 
– 
Harvesting rights 
Licences 
22,449 
19,599 
13 
Product technology 
Intellectual property 
446 
1,843 
0 
Product rights 
Intellectual property 
39,390 
42,571 
3 
Brand names 
Intellectual property 
12,976 
11,533 
13 
In-process R&D 
Intellectual property 
847 
915 
3 
Customer relationships 
Customer lists 
4,723 
4,105 
19 
Total relating to acquisition of INVE 
168,416 
152,951 
Acquisition of Salmobreed AS 
(Now part of Benchmark Genetics Norway AS) in 2014 
Goodwill 
Goodwill 
6,523 
6,703 
– 
Genetic material and breeding nuclei 
Genetics 
9,911 
10,500 
32 
Total relating to acquisition of Salmobreed AS 
16,434 
17,203 
Acquisition of Stofnfiskur (Now Benchmark Genetics Iceland) 
in 2014 
Goodwill 
Goodwill 
12,467 
11,394 
– 
Genetic material and breeding nuclei 
Genetics 
8,147 
7,677 
32 
Total relating to acquisition of Stofnfiskur 
20,614 
19,071 
Acquisition of Akvaforsk Genetics Center AS 
(Now part of Benchmark Genetics Norway AS) in 2015 
Goodwill 
Goodwill 
7,348 
7,552 
– 
Licences 
Licences 
292 
662 
1 
Contracts 
Contracts 
282 
392 
3 
Total relating to acquisition of Akvaforsk Genetics Center AS 
7,922 
8,606 
Capitalised development costs 
9 
Not yet ready 
for use 
9 
Ectosan®Vet/CleanTreat® 
Development costs 
15,840 
17,621 
Live food alternative diets 
Development costs 
4,115 
3,318 
SPR Shrimp 
Development costs 
6,686 
4,863 
Total capitalised development costs 
26,641 
25,802 
Other purchased material intangible assets 
Intellectual Property 
1,497 
1,586 
17 
Total relating to other purchased intangible assets 
1,497 
1,586 
Other individually immaterial goodwill and intangibles 
3,740 
3,821 
Total net book value at 30 September 
245,264 
229,040

--- Page 172 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
39 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
14 Impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets 
The Group tests goodwill and other intangibles not yet ready for use annually for impairment, or more frequently if there 
are indications that goodwill or the other intangible assets might be impaired. Goodwill acquired in a business combination 
is allocated, at acquisition, to the cash generating units (CGUs) that are expected to benefit from the business 
combination. The only intangible assets not yet ready for use are generally the capitalised development costs on 
internally developed products. Following the commercial launch of the SPR Shrimp product in Genetics, amortisation of 
these development costs commenced during the year. The development costs included in the table below represents 
only those that are not yet ready for use. 
 
Due to the interdependence of the operations within each of the business areas and the way in which they are managed, 
management have determined the CGUs are the business areas themselves – Health, Genetics and Advanced Nutrition. 
These are the smallest groups of assets that independently generate cashflows and whose cashflows are largely 
independent of those generated by other assets. Goodwill and capitalised development costs arise across the Group, and 
are allocated specifically against the CGUs as follows: 
 
 
Genetics 
Advanced 
Nutrition 
 
Health 
Total 
2022 
2022 
2022 
2022 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
Benchmark Genetics Norway AS 
6,523 
– 
– 
6,523 
Benchmark Genetics Iceland HF 
12,467 
– 
– 
12,467 
Akvaforsk Genetic Center* 
8,150 
– 
– 
8,150 
INVE Aquaculture Group 
– 
87,585 
– 
87,585 
Goodwill 
27,140 
87,585 
– 
114,725 
Other intangibles not yet ready for use – development costs 
– 
4,115 
– 
4,115 
* Includes goodwill arising from the joint acquisition of Akvaforsk Genetics Center AS (which was transferred into Benchmark Genetics Norway 
AS) and Benchmark Genetics USA Inc (formerly Akvaforsk Genetics Center Inc). 
 
 
Genetics 
Advanced 
Nutrition 
Health 
Total 
2021 
2021 
2021 
2021 
£000 
£000 
£000 
£000 
Benchmark Genetics Norway AS 
6,702 
– 
– 
6,702 
Benchmark Genetics Iceland HF 
11,394 
– 
– 
11,394 
Akvaforsk Genetic Center* 
8,216 
– 
– 
8,216 
INVE Aquaculture Group 
– 
72,385 
– 
72,385 
Goodwill 
26,312 
72,385 
– 
98,697 
Other intangibles not yet ready for use – development costs 
4,863 
3,318 
– 
8,181 
* Includes goodwill arising from the joint acquisition of Akvaforsk Genetics Center AS (which was transferred into Benchmark Genetics Norway 
AS) and Benchmark Genetics USA Inc (formerly Akvaforsk Genetics Center Inc). 
 
The recoverable amounts of the above CGUs have been determined from value-in-use calculations. These calculations used 
Board approved cash flow projections from five-year business plans based on actual operating results and current forecasts. 
These forecasts were then extrapolated into perpetuity taking account of specific terminal growth rates for future cash flows, 
using individual business operating margins based on past experience and future expectations in light of anticipated economic 
and market conditions. The pre-tax cash flows that these projections produced were discounted at pre-tax discount rates based 
on the Group’s beta adjusted cost of capital, further adjusted to reflect management’s assessment of specific risks related to 
the markets and other factors pertaining to each CGU. Forecasts also include any costs in relation to the Group’s climate change 
strategy and climate change factors have been considered when setting the long-term growth rates. 
 
The values assigned to the key assumptions represent management’s assessment of future trends in the relevant industries 
and have been based on historical data from both external and internal sources. 
 
Specific assumptions used are as follows: 
 
Genetics 
Amortisation of the development costs relating to the business area’s new SPR Shrimp product commenced in the period. 
The pre-tax cashflows from the five-year projections were discounted using a pre-tax discount rate of 14.7% (2021: 10.9%).  
CAGR of revenue of 15% (2021: 14%) is implied by the five-year plan and a long-term growth rate of 2.5% (2021: 2.5%) has 
been used to extrapolate the terminal year cashflow into perpetuity. 
 
Having conducted a sensitivity analysis of key assumptions, no reasonably possible changes that would result in the elimination 
of all headroom were identified.

--- Page 173 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
40 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
14. Impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets continued 
Advanced Nutrition 
The pre-tax cashflows from the five-year projections were discounted using a pre-tax discount rate of 15.6% (2021: 10.3%). 
CAGR of revenue of 10% (2021: 6%) is implied by the five-year plan and a long-term growth rate of 3.5% (2021: 3.5%) has been 
used to extrapolate the terminal year cashflow into perpetuity. Market analysis reports predict long-term growth rates of c5.0%, 
and the health benefits of shrimp are still very much in evidence. Management have used a long-term growth rate of 3.5% to 
represent both a prudent and consistent approach for the CGU. 
 
The value in use assessment is sensitive to changes in the key assumptions used. All other assumptions being 
unchanged a decrease in the long-term growth rate to 1.8% or an increase in the pre-tax discount rate to 16.8%, either of 
which are considered to be reasonably possible, would reduce the headroom on the Advanced Animal Nutrition CGU of 
£21.6m to nil.  Should the discount rate increase further than this, then an impairment of the goodwill or development 
costs would be likely. 
 
Work was performed during the year in assessing the risks caused by climate change which highlighted a risk associated with 
the water levels in the Great Salt Lake which is a key source of artemia for the Group. Mitigating actions were noted in the 
review indicating that this is not currently a trigger event causing our forecasts to be sensitised for this risk. However, should 
the water levels fall to a level that could not sustain production of artemia, this might lead to an impairment. Were this to occur, 
other mitigating actions available to the Group including obtaining artemia from other globally available sources and exploiting 
our Diets portfolio to reduce the use of artemia in our feed programmes would be explored. As a result, management believe 
that no impairment to the carrying value of the intangible assets is required. 
 
Health 
The pre-tax cashflows from the five-year projections were discounted using a pre-tax discount rate of 16.4% (2021: 
12.6%). An assumed CAGR of revenue of 27% (2021: 70%) in the five-year plan reflects the importance of the successful 
commercial ramp- up of the business area’s new sea lice treatment in the forecast period. A long-term growth rate of 
0.0% (2021: 0.0%) has been used to extrapolate the terminal year cashflow into perpetuity. The prudent assumption in the 
long-term growth rate is intended to reflect that the business area’s new sea lice treatment is the principal source of cash 
generation, and only benefits from patent protection against generic competitors for a finite period of time. 
 
The valuation of the Health cash generating unit indicates sufficient headroom such that a reasonably possible change to key 
assumptions is unlikely to result in an impairment in related development costs. 
 
While the valuation of the Health cash-generating unit indicates sufficient headroom such that any reasonably possible 
change to key assumptions is unlikely to result in an impairment in related development costs, commercialisation is at an 
early stage and in the unlikely event that this is not successful, impairment could result.

--- Page 174 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
41 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
15 Equity-accounted investees 
 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Interest in joint venture 
1,106 
1,608 
Interest in associates 
2,007 
1,746 
 
3,113 
3,354 
 
Joint ventures 
Salmar Genetics AS (SGA) is a joint venture in which the Group has joint control and a 50% ownership interest. 
 
SGA is structured as a separate vehicle and the Group has a residual interest in the net assets of SGA. Accordingly, the 
Group has classified its interest in SGA as a joint venture. SGA is a provider of breeding and genetics services related 
to Atlantic salmon and as such is strategically aligned to the Group. 
 
The Group’s interest in SGA is 50% of its net assets, including 50% of its result and total comprehensive income each 
year. The company is registered in Norway and the registered address is 7266 Kverva, Frøya, Norway. 
 
Associates 
The Group has a 22% interest in an associate Great Salt Lake Brine Shrimp Cooperative, Inc (the ‘Cooperative’). The 
Cooperative is one of the Group’s strategic suppliers and is an aquacultural cooperative organised for the purpose of 
harvesting, processing, manufacturing, and marketing Artemia cysts and Artemia feeds. 
 
The Group’s interest in the Cooperative represents the aggregate of the cost of the investment in the Cooperative and the 
post acquisition movements in the Group’s share of the unallocated and allocated equity reserves. 
 
The company is registered in USA and the registered address is 1750 West 2450 South, Ogden, Utah. 
 
The Group also has a 44% interest in an associate Benchmark Genetics (Thailand) Limited (“BGTL”). BGTL engages in 
shrimp production in the form of a multiplication centre by selecting and growing marine shrimp species products 
(including broodstock, nauplii and post-larvae, based on Benchmark’s and its Affiliates’ genetic strains) which are 
locally optimised for Thailand. 
 
The company is registered in Thailand and the registered address is No. 471, Bond Street Road, Bangpood Sub-district, 
Pakkred District, Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. 
 
The Group also has a 34% interest in an associate Baggfossen Mikrokraft AS (“BMAS”). BMAS is a power generation 
business and provides electricity to Benchmark Genetics Salten AS. 
 
The company is registered in Norway and the registered address is Salmobreed Salten AS Sorfjordmoen 34, 8264 Engan. 
 
16 Inventories 
 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Raw materials 
7,107 
5,232 
Work in progress 
3,722 
1,488 
Finished goods and goods for resale 
18,984 
14,227 
Total inventories at the lower of cost and net realisable value 
29,813 
20,947 
 
During 2022, £60,780,000 (2021: £51,920,000 ) was recognised as an expense for inventories carried at net realisable 
value. This is recognised in cost of sales. The cost of inventories recognised as a credit includes £14,000 (2021 credit: 
£87,000) in respect of write-downs of inventory to net realisable value.

--- Page 175 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
42 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
17 Biological assets 
Book value of biological assets recognised at fair value 
 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Salmon eggs 
14,037 
9,830 
Salmon broodstock 
30,501 
26,700 
Salmon milt 
606 
365 
Lumpfish fingerlings 
1,090 
1,104 
Shrimp 
424 
366 
Total biological assets 30 September 
46,658 
38,365 
Analysed as 
Current 
25,780 
17,121 
Non-current 
20,878 
21,244 
Total biological assets 30 September 
46,658 
38,365 
 
Change in book value of biological assets 
 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Biological assets 1 October 
Increase from production 
Reduction due to sales 
38,365 
48,067 
(43,535) 
32,469 
36,872 
(34,768) 
Foreign exchange movement before fair value adjustment 
1,704 
311 
Change in fair value through income statement (see Note 5) 
1,595 
3,323 
Foreign exchange impact on fair value adjustment 
462 
158 
Biological assets 30 September 
46,658 
38,365 
 
Assumptions used for determining fair value of biological assets 
IAS 41 requires that biological assets are accounted for at the estimated fair value net of selling and harvesting costs. Fair 
value is measured in accordance with IFRS 13 and is categorised into levels in the fair value hierarchy which are described in 
Note 2. 
 
The fair value inputs for salmon eggs are categorised as level 2. The calculation of the fair value of the salmon eggs is based 
upon the current seasonally adjusted selling prices for salmon eggs less transport and incubation costs and taking account 
of the market capacity. The valuation also takes account of the mortality rates of the eggs and expected life as sourced from 
internally generated data. 
 
The fair value inputs for salmon broodstock are categorised as level 3. The broodstock contain generations of genetic 
improvements and cannot be valued purely on the market weight of salmon. The Group does not sell its broodstock 
commercially so there is no observable input in this respect. Therefore, the calculation of the estimated fair value of salmon 
broodstock is primarily based upon its main harvest output being salmon eggs, which are priced upon the current seasonally 
adjusted selling prices for the Group’s salmon eggs. These prices are reduced for harvesting costs, freight costs, incubation 
costs and market capacity to arrive at the net value of broodstock. The valuation also reflects the internally generated data to 
arrive at the biomass. This includes the weight of the broodstock, the yield that each kilogram of fish will produce and mortality 
rates. The fish take four years to reach maturity, and the age and biomass of the fish is taken into account in the fair value.  
Finally, the valuation takes account of future expected sales volumes.

--- Page 176 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
43 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
17. Biological assets continued 
Change in book value of salmon broodstock 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Biological assets 1 October 
26,700 
21,051 
Increase from production 
28,720 
22,428 
Transfer to salmon eggs following harvesting 
(26,509) 
(19,602) 
Foreign exchange movement before fair value adjustment 
1,326 
169 
Change in fair value through income statement 
(31) 
2,530 
Foreign exchange impact on fair value adjustment 
295 
124 
Biological assets 30 September 
30,501 
26,700 
 
Significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of salmon broodstock 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Number of eggs valued in broodstock (m units) 
222 
192 
Average selling price per egg (GBP) 
0.135 
0.128 
Future costs per egg (GBP) 
(0.021) 
(0.015) 
 
The fair value inputs for lumpfish fingerlings and shrimp are categorised as level 2. The calculation of the fair value of lumpfish 
fingerlings and shrimp is valued on current selling prices less transport costs. Internally generated data is used to incorporate 
mortality rates and the weight of the biomass. 
 
The fair value inputs for salmon milt are categorised as level 3. Where we have identified individual salmon carrying particular 
traits or disease resistance, semen (milt) can be extracted and deep-frozen using cryopreservation techniques (the process 
of freezing biological material at extreme temperatures in liquid nitrogen). The calculation of the fair value of milt is based on 
production and freezing costs and, where appropriate, an uplift to recognise the additional selling price that can be achieved 
from eggs fertilised by premium quality milt. 
 
There is a presumption that fair value can be measured reliably for a biological asset. However, we sometimes face a situation 
where alternative estimates of fair value are determined to be clearly unreliable (for example, where we establish a new 
broodstock farm in a new territory). In such a case, that biological asset shall be measured at its cost less any accumulated 
impairment losses. In the year this applied to £1,969,000 of broodstock in Chile. As at 30 September the gross carrying 
amount was £4,704,000 (2021: £4,674,000) and the accumulated impairment losses were £2,735,000 (2021: £2,507,000). 
 
The valuation models by their nature are based upon uncertain assumptions on sales prices, market capacity, weight, mortality 
rates, yields and assessment of the discounts to reflect the stages of maturity. The Group has a degree of expertise in these 
assumptions but these assumptions are subject to change. Relatively small changes in assumptions would have a significant 
impact on the valuation. A 1% increase/decrease in assumed selling price would increase/decrease the fair value of biological 
assets by £445,000. A 10% increase/decrease in the biomass of salmon broodstock and the quantity of salmon eggs valued 
would increase/decrease the fair value of those biological assets by £4,450,000. 
 
The Group is exposed to financial risks arising from changes in the market value of the salmon eggs, lumpfish fingerlings and 
shrimp broodstock that it sells. The Group does not anticipate that prices will decline significantly in the foreseeable future 
and, therefore, has not entered into derivative or other contracts to manage the risk of a decline in the price of its products. 
The Group reviews its outlook for salmon eggs, lumpfish fingerlings and shrimp broodstock prices regularly in considering the 
need for active financial risk management. 
Risk management strategy related to aquaculture activity 
The Group is exposed to the following risks relating to its aquaculture activities. These risks and management’s strategies to 
mitigate them are described below: 
Regulatory and environmental risks 
The nature of certain of the Group’s operating activities exposes us to certain significant risks to the environment, such as 
incidents associated with releases of chemicals or hazardous substances when conducting our operations, which could result 
in liability, fines, risk to our product permissions and reputational damage. There is a risk that natural disasters could lead to 
damage to infrastructure, loss of resources, products or containment of hazardous substances. Our business activities could 
be disrupted if we do not respond, or are perceived not to respond, in an appropriate manner to any major crisis or if we are not 
able to restore or replace critical operational capacity. 
 
In mitigation we have implemented standards and requirements which govern key risk management activities such as 
inspection, maintenance, testing, business continuity and crisis response.

--- Page 177 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
44 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
17. Biological assets continued 
Biological risks 
The Group is exposed to the risk of disease within the Group’s own operations and disease in the market resulting in possible 
border closures. In mitigation, the Group: 
• Operates the highest levels of biosecurity. 
• Holds genetic stock at multiple sites and increasingly sources from its own land-based salmon breeding facilities. 
• Operates containment zones which mitigates the risk of border closures affecting its ability to import or export. 
• Has placed increased focus on insuring its biological stock. 
Outputs and quantities held 
Total output of aquaculture activity in the year was: 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Salmon eggs 
Lumpfish fingerlings 
291.1m units 
2.0m units 
242.0m units 
2.4m units 
 
Total quantities held at 30 September were: 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Salmon eggs 
Salmon broodstock 
Lumpfish fingerlings 
103.9m units 
1,737 tonnes 
0.7m units 
79.9m units 
1,577 tonnes 
2.6m units 
 
18 Trade and other receivables 
 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Trade receivables 
31,218 
24,526 
Less: provision for impairment of trade receivables 
(2,748) 
(2,493) 
Trade receivables – net 
28,470 
22,033 
Total financial assets other than cash and cash equivalents measured at amortised cost 
28,470 
22,033 
Other receivables – contingent consideration 
887 
1,028 
Total financial assets other than cash and cash equivalents classified as measured at 
 
 
fair value through profit and loss 
887 
1,028 
Prepayments 
14,989 
11,114 
Other receivables 
12,031 
12,323 
Total trade and other receivables 
56,377 
46,498 
 
Other receivables relate to the following items: VAT recoverable £4,386,000 (2021: £2,650,000), research and development 
expenditure tax credits and similar items £154,000 (2021: £472,000), the right to receive an agreed proportion of a key 
supplier’s harvest* £5,249,000 (2021: £7,302,200), accrued income of £1,377,000 (2021: £348,000) and other amounts 
receivable of £865,000 (2021: £1,551,000). 
 
*A financial liability of £5,249,000 (2021: £7,302,200) is recognised (within trade payables) for the amount invoiced and 
remaining outstanding at the year-end in relation to the Group’s contractual obligation to pay for a specified share of the 
harvest of a supplier, regardless of delivery and without recourse to the supplier. As at 30 September, as the Group has not 
taken physical delivery of the harvested product and as the Group does not control the harvested product, an ‘other 
receivable’ of £5,249,000 (2021: £7,302,200) has been recorded in relation to the Group’s right to receive the product in the 
future. 
 
The financial asset at fair value through profit and loss relates to contingent consideration outstanding from the disposal of 
Improve International Limited in FY20. This relates to deferred cash consideration dependent on the delivery of certain future 
revenues in the financial year ended 30 September 2022 and the fair value is derived from the likely receivable amount based 
on current expectations of performance against the targets.

--- Page 178 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
45 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
18. Trade and other receivables continued 
The fair values of trade and other receivables measured at amortised cost are not materially different to their carrying values. 
As at 30 September 2022 trade receivables of £5,943,000 (2021: £3,060,000) were past due but not impaired. They relate to 
customers with no default history. The ageing analysis of these receivables is as follows: 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Up to 3 months overdue 
5,761 
2,703 
3 to 6 months overdue 
218 
211 
6 to 12 months overdue 
(36) 
146 
5,943 
3,060 
 
Movements on the Group provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows: 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
At 1 October 
2,493 
3,216 
Provided during the year 
281 
54 
Unused provisions reversed 
(180) 
(637) 
Receivable written off during the year as uncollectable 
– 
(22) 
Foreign exchange movements 
154 
(118) 
At 30 September 
2,748 
2,493 
 
The movement on the provision for impaired receivables has been included in the operating costs line in the Consolidated 
Income Statement. 
 
Other classes of financial assets included within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets. 
 
19 Trade and other payables 
 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Trade payables 
22,149 
20,690 
Other payables 
1,127 
1,978 
Accruals 
17,636 
15,812 
Other payables – tax and social security payments 
3,799 
2,076 
Financial liabilities, excluding loans and borrowings, classified as financial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost 
44,711 
40,556 
Financial contracts – hedging instrument 
7,991 
972 
Financial liabilities, excluding loans and borrowings, classified as financial liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss 
7,991 
972 
Financial contracts – hedging instrument 
21 
5,889 
Financial liabilities, excluding loans and borrowings, classified as financial liabilities at fair value 
through Hedging Reserve 
21 
5,889 
Deferred income 
597 
162 
Total trade and other payables 
53,320 
47,579 
Less: non-current: contingent consideration in other payables and financial contracts 
(8,996) 
(911) 
Current portion 
44,324 
46,668 
Book values approximate to fair value at 30 September 2022 and 2021. 
 
Of the financial contracts £8,387,000 (2021: £6.708,000) relates to a NOKUSD floating to fixed cross-currency interest rate 
swap (CCS) and a NOK interest rate swap (IRS), both of which were entered to fully match the timing and tenor of the underlying 
new senior secured floating rate listed bond issue of NOK 750m. 
 
The floating-to-fixed NOK IRS (notional NOK 300m) is designated a cash flow hedge where any changes in the fair value of the 
swap will be taken directly to equity within the hedging reserve and recycled to profit or loss as the bond impacts the profit or 
loss. 
 
The NOKUSD CCS (notional NOK450m) has been separated into two synthetic swaps; the first is a floating-to-fixed NOKGBP 
interest rate swap, being a cash flow hedge of the foreign exchange and interest rate risk on NOK denominated debt. The fair 
value of this synthetic swap is posted to the hedging reserve in equity. The second synthetic swap is a fixed-to-fixed GBPUSD 
swap designated as a net investment hedge in the USD net assets in the consolidated accounts of Benchmark Holdings plc. The 
fair value of this leg is posted to the foreign exchange translation reserve in equity.

--- Page 179 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
46 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
20 Loans and borrowings 
 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Non-Current 
2025 750m NOK Loan notes 
61,054 
– 
2023 850m NOK Loan notes 
– 
75,478 
Bank borrowings 
17,226 
19,314 
Lease liabilities (Note 12) 
14,765 
14,945 
93,045 
109,737 
Current 
Bank borrowings 
5,569 
1,612 
Lease liabilities (Note 12) 
11,522 
9,042 
17,091 
10,654 
Total loans and borrowings 
110,136 
120,391 
 
At 30 September 2022 the fair value of the unsecured floating rate listed green bond of NOK 750m was not materially 
different to the nominal value and has not been separately disclosed. At 30 September 2021 the fair value of 2023 850m 
NOK Loan notes was £73,981,000. 
 
On 27 September 2022, the Group successfully issued a new unsecured floating rate listed green bond of NOK 750m. The 
bond which matures in September 2025, has a coupon of three-month NIBOR + 6.50% p.a. with quarterly interest payments, 
and is to be listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. The proceeds were used to repay the NOK 850m floating rate listed bond, 
originally raised in June 2019. 
 
A USD 15m Revolving Credit Facility (“RCF”) has been provided by DNB Bank ASA (50%) and HSBC UK Bank PLC (50%). At 30 
September 2022 £4,000,000 was drawn on this facility. The facility was undrawn at 30 September 2021. 
 
Benchmark Genetics Salten AS had the following loans (which are ring-fenced debt without recourse to the remainder of the 
Group) at 30 September 2022: 
• Term loan with a balance of NOK 165.6m (2021: NOK 180.0m) provided by Nordea Bank Norge Abp. The loan is a five-year 
term loan ending November 2023 at an interest rate of 2.5% above three-month NIBOR. 
• NOK 20.0m 12-month working capital facility provided by Nordea Bank Norge Abp. This was undrawn at 30 September 2022 
(2021: undrawn). 
• An additional NOK 17.5m overdraft facility was provided by Nordea Bank Norge Abp during the year with maturity in 
December 2022. This facility was undrawn at 30 September 2022. 
• Term loan with a balance of NOK 40.1m (2021: NOK 44.7m) provided by Innovasjon Norge. The loan is a 12-and-a-half-year 
term loan maturing in March 2031. The interest rate on this loan at 30 September 2022 was 4.95%. The interest rate on 
this loan is variable. 
• NOK 21.75m loan provided by Salten Aqua ASA (the minority shareholder). The loan attracts interest at 2.5% above three- 
month NIBOR and is repayable on maturity of the Nordea term loan above. 
 
Subsequent to the year end on 1 November 2022, the Nordea Bank term loan above was refinanced together with an existing 
undrawn overdraft facility into a new loan facility of NOK 179.5m with a new maturity date in a further five years no later than 15 
January 2028. Other terms remain the same. 
 
Furthermore on 21 November 2022, the Group refinanced the USD15m RCF with a secured GBP20m RCF provided by DNB 
Bank ASA, maturing on 27 June 2025. The margin on this facility is a minimum of 2.5% and a maximum of 3.25%, dependent 
upon the leverage of the Group above the relevant risk free reference or IBOR rates depending on which currency is drawn. 
 
The lease liabilities are secured on the assets to which they relate. The currency profile of the Group’s loans and borrowings is 
as follows: 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Sterling 
16,619 
13,912 
Norwegian Krone 
80,712 
97,389 
Thai Baht 
954 
1,258 
Euro 
272 
351 
US Dollar 
10,888 
6,508 
Icelandic Krone 
545 
750 
Other 
146 
223 
110,136 
120,391

--- Page 180 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
47 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
20. Loans and borrowings continued 
Reconciliation of movements of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities  
 
Year ended 30 September 2022 
 
Loans and 
borrowings 
£000 
Share 
capital/ 
additional 
paid-in capital 
£000 
 
Non-
controlling 
interest 
£000 
Total 
£000 
Balance at 1 October 2021 
120,391 
401,352 
7,884 
 
Changes from financing cash flows 
 
 
 
 
Proceeds of share issues 
– 
20,175 
– 
20,175 
Proceeds from bank or other borrowings 
67,939 
– 
– 
67,939 
Repayment of bank or other borrowings 
(74,874) 
– 
– 
(74,874) 
Interest and finance charges paid 
(9,629) 
– 
– 
(9,629) 
Payments to finance lease creditors 
(10,533) 
– 
– 
(10,533) 
Total changes from financing cash flows 
(27,097) 
20,175 
– 
(6,922) 
The effect of changes in foreign exchange rates 
(6,087) 
– 
– 
 
Other changes – liability-related 
 
 
 
 
Interest expense 
9,488 
– 
– 
 
Capitalised borrowing fees 
1,937 
– 
– 
 
New leases 
11,380 
– 
– 
 
Interest accrual movement 
124 
– 
– 
 
Total liability-related other changes 
22,929 
– 
– 
 
Total equity-related other changes 
– 
1 
2,001 
 
Balance at 30 September 2022 
110,136 
421,528 
9,885 
 
 
 
Year ended 30 September 2021 
 
Loans and 
borrowings 
£000 
Share 
capital/ 
additional 
paid-in capital 
£000 
 
Non-
controlling 
interest 
£000 
Total 
£000 
Balance at 1 October 2020 
109,158 
400,269 
6,309 
 
Changes from financing cash flows 
 
 
 
 
Proceeds of share issues 
– 
750 
– 
750 
Acquisition of NCI 
– 
– 
(12) 
(12) 
Repayment of bank or other borrowings 
(3,106) 
– 
– 
(3,106) 
Interest and finance charges paid 
(7,699) 
– 
– 
(7,699) 
Payments to finance lease creditors 
(4,602) 
– 
– 
(4,602) 
Total changes from financing cash flows 
(15,407) 
750 
(12) 
(14,669) 
The effect of changes in foreign exchange rates 
(681) 
– 
– 
 
Other changes – liability-related 
 
 
 
 
Interest expense 
7,711 
– 
– 
 
Capitalised borrowing fees 
1,012 
– 
– 
 
New leases 
18,610 
– 
– 
 
Interest accrual movement 
(12) 
– 
– 
 
Total liability-related other changes 
27,321 
– 
– 
 
Total equity-related other changes 
– 
333 
1,587 
 
Balance at 30 September 2021 
120,391 
401,352 
7,884

--- Page 181 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
48 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
21 Provisions 
 
Other 
provisions 
 
Total 
 
£000 
£000 
At 1 October 2020 
– 
– 
Provisions made during the year 
(563) 
(563) 
At 1 October 2021 
(563) 
(563) 
Provisions made during the year 
(1,127) 
(1,127) 
Provisions used 
69 
69 
Unused provisions reversed 
(10) 
(10) 
At 30 September 2022 
(1,631) 
(1,631) 
Current 
(1,631) 
(1,631) 
Non-current 
– 
– 
At 30 September 2022 
(1,631) 
(1,631) 
Current 
(563) 
(563) 
Non-current 
– 
– 
At 30 September 2021 
(563) 
(563) 
 
Other provisions 
During the year, £700,000 (2021: £300,000) was provided in respect of costs relating to contractual commitments in leases 
entered into during the year to restore certain leased assets to their original condition at the end of the lease period. The costs 
have been capitalised and are being depreciated over the life of the relevant asset. 
 
During the year a provision of £472,000 was made in relation to committed running costs, incremental to the lease obligations, 
for the remainder of the lease period on a leased production site which is no longer needed by the business. 
 
In the prior year £263,000 was provided in relation to increases in estimated restoration costs relating to certain leases. 
 
22 Deferred tax 
Deferred tax is calculated in full on temporary differences under the liability method using the substantively enacted rates in the 
relevant territories in which the temporary differences and tax losses are expected to reverse. 
 
The movement on the net deferred tax account is as shown below: 
 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
At 1 October 
(28,224) 
(32,647) 
Recognised in income statement 
Tax credit 
4,414 
3,488 
Exchange differences 
(4,180) 
935 
At 30 September 
(27,990) 
(28,224) 
There was no deferred tax recognised in other comprehensive income. 
Deferred tax assets have been recognised in respect of all tax losses and other temporary differences giving rise to deferred tax 
assets where the Directors believe it is probable that these assets will be recovered. The Directors believe there is sufficient 
evidence that the amounts recognised will be recovered against future taxable profits in the relevant tax jurisdiction. The Group 
did not recognise deferred tax assets of £44,576,000 (2021: £36,713,000) in respect of losses amounting to £146,241,000 
(2021: £120,790,000) and temporary differences of £28,145,000 (2021: £25,185,000), mainly originating in the UK and for 
which there was insufficient evidence that taxable profits will be available in the near term against which they can be utilised. Of 
the unused tax losses on which no deferred tax is recognised, £112,601,000 have no expiry date and £33,640,000 expire 
between 2028 and 2035. 
 
No deferred tax is recognised on the unremitted earnings of overseas subsidiaries and joint ventures. The aggregate amount of 
temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches and associates and interests in joint arrangements, 
for which deferred tax has not been recognised is £125,225,000. As the earnings are continually reinvested by the Group and 
there is no intention for these entities to pay dividends, no tax is expected to be payable on them in the foreseeable future. 
 
The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities (prior to the offsetting of balances within the same jurisdiction as 
permitted by IAS 12) during the period, together with amounts recognised in the Consolidated Income Statement and 
amounts recognised in other comprehensive income are as follows:

--- Page 182 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
49 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
22. Deferred tax continued 
 
 
Asset 
 2022 
£000 
Liability 
 2022 
£000 
Net 
 2022 
£000 
(Charged)/ 
credited to 
profit or loss 
2022 
£000 
(Charged)/ 
credited to 
equity 2022 
£000 
Accelerated capital allowances 
– 
(25,511) 
(25,511) 
4,076 
– 
Biological assets 
– 
(4,109) 
(4,109) 
(850) 
– 
Other temporary and deductible differences 
1,560 
– 
1,560 
1,169 
– 
Available losses 
– 
– 
– 
(5) 
– 
Fair value of share options 
70 
– 
70 
24 
– 
Net tax assets/(liabilities) 
1,630 
(29,620) 
(27,990) 
4,414 
– 
 
 
Asset 
 2021 
£000 
Liability 
 2021 
£000 
Net 
 2021 
£000 
(Charged)/ 
credited to 
profit or loss 
2021 
£000 
(Charged)/ 
credited to 
equity 2021 
£000 
Accelerated capital allowances 
– 
(25,408) 
(25,408) 
3,908 
– 
Biological assets 
– 
(3,258) 
(3,258) 
(740) 
– 
Other temporary and deductible differences 
391 
– 
391 
402 
– 
Available losses 
5 
– 
5 
(96) 
– 
Fair value of share options 
46 
– 
46 
14 
– 
Net tax assets/(liabilities) 
442 
(28,666) 
(28,224) 
3,488 
– 
 
23 Share capital and additional paid-in capital 
 
Allotted, called up and fully paid 
Number 
Share Capital 
£000 
Share Premium 
£000 
Ordinary shares of 0.1 penny each 
Balance at 30 September 2020 
667,685,612 
668 
399,601 
Exercise of share options 
2,152,600 
2 
748 
Shares issued through placing 
536,272 
– 
333 
Balance at 30 September 2021 
670,374,484 
670 
400,682 
Exercise of share options 
184,694 
– 
73 
Shares issued through placing 
33,401,620 
34 
20,069 
Balance at 30 September 2022 
703,960,798 
704 
420,824 
 
The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the company, and to receive dividends from time 
to time as declared. 
 
During the year ended 30 September 2022, the Group issued a total 184,694 ordinary shares of 0.1p each to certain employees 
of the Group relating to share options of which 12,509 were exercised at a price of 0.1 pence, and 172,185 were exercised at a 
price of 42.5p. 
 
On 29 November 2021, the Company issued 33,401,620 new ordinary shares of 0.1 pence each by way of a placing and 
subscriptions at an issue price of 62.0 pence per share. Gross proceeds of £20.7m were received for the placing and subscription 
shares. Non-recurring costs of £0.6m were in relation to the share issues and this has been charged to the share premium account 
(presented within Additional paid-in share capital). 
 
During the year ended 30 September 2021, the Group issued a total of 2,152,600 ordinary shares of 0.1p each to certain 
employees of the Group relating to share options, of which 426,182 were exercised at a price of 0.1 pence, 1,626,436 were 
exercised at a price of 42.5 pence and 99,982 were exercised at a price of 58.5 pence. 
 
In the prior year, contingent consideration totalling USD 450,000 (£333,000) became payable relating to an acquisition from 
2016 and this was paid in ordinary shares in the Group with the issue of 536,272 ordinary shares of 0.1p each on 13 January 2021.

--- Page 183 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
50 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
24 Reserves 
The following describes the nature and purpose of each reserve within equity: 
Reserve 
Description and purpose 
Share premium reserve 
Amount subscribed for share capital in excess of nominal value. 
 
Merger reserve 
Under merger relief, the amount in excess of nominal value attributed to shares issued as 
consideration in an acquisition where the Group has secured at least a 90% equity holding in the 
other company. 
Capital redemption reserve 
Amounts transferred from share capital on redemption of issued shares. 
 
Foreign exchange reserve 
Gains/losses arising on retranslating the net assets of overseas operations into Sterling. 
Hedging reserve 
Comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in fair value of hedging 
instruments used in cash flow hedges pending subsequent recognition on profit or loss or 
directly included in the initial cost or other carrying amount of a non-financial asset or non- 
financial liability. 
Retained earnings 
All other net gains and losses and transactions with owners (e.g. dividends) not recognised 
elsewhere. To simplify presentation, the share-based payment reserve has been combined with 
the retained earnings reserve. The share-based payment reserve recognised the value of equity- 
settled share-based payment transactions provided to employees, including management 
personnel, as part of their remuneration. Refer to Note 28 for further details of these plans. 
 
 
The balance of additional paid-in share capital includes the merger reserve balance of £33,188,000, the balance being the 
share premium reserve. The merger reserve arose due to the Company issuing 38,635,671 shares of 0.1p each at 86p as part 
consideration for the acquisition of INVE Aquaculture Holdings B.V. on 30 December 2015.

--- Page 184 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
51 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
25 Non-controlling interest 
The following table summarises the information relating to each of the Group’s subsidiaries that has a material non-controlling 
interest (“NCI”), before any intra-group eliminations. 
 
 
 
 
Year ended 30 September 2022 
Benchmark 
Genetics 
Iceland HF 
£000 
Benchmark 
Genetics Salten 
AS 
£000 
 
 
Total 
£000 
NCI percentage 
10% 
25% 
 
Non-current assets 
18,836 
38,212 
 
Current assets 
35,606 
13,977 
 
Non-current liabilities 
(3,548) 
(17,510) 
 
Current liabilities 
(4,796) 
(14,463) 
 
Net assets 
46,098 
20,216 
 
Net assets attributable to NCI 
4,826 
5,060 
9,886 
Revenue 
26,103 
15,676 
 
Profit 
7,522 
3,390 
 
OCI 
3,517 
(8) 
 
Total comprehensive income 
11,039 
3,382 
 
Profit allocated to NCI 
787 
849 
1,636 
OCI allocated to NCI 
368 
(2) 
366 
Cash flows from operating activities 
6,210 
5,578 
 
Cash flows used in investment activities 
(2,779) 
(1,302) 
 
Cash flows (used in)/from financing activities (dividends to NCI: £nil) 
(481) 
(2,795) 
 
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
2,950 
1,481 
 
 
 
Benchmark 
Genetics 
Iceland HF 
Benchmark 
Genetics Salten 
AS 
 
 
Total 
Year ended 30 September 2021 
£000 
£000 
£000 
NCI percentage 
10% 
25% 
 
Non-current assets 
15,992 
39,604 
 
Current assets 
27,102 
9,757 
 
Non-current liabilities 
(3,072) 
(19,505) 
 
Current liabilities 
(4,964) 
(13,023) 
 
Net assets 
35,058 
16,833 
 
Net assets attributable to NCI 
3,671 
4,213 
7,884 
Revenue 
21,554 
13,651 
 
Profit 
6,085 
2,708 
 
OCI 
399 
920 
 
Total comprehensive income 
6,484 
3,628 
 
Profit allocated to NCI 
637 
678 
1,315 
OCI allocated to NCI 
42 
230 
272 
Cash flows from operating activities 
6,918 
4,782 
 
Cash flows used in investment activities 
(5,016) 
(778) 
 
Cash flows (used in)/from financing activities (dividends to NCI: £nil) 
(663) 
(3,972) 
 
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
1,239 
32 
 
 
26 Retirement benefits 
The Group operates a defined contribution pension scheme. The assets of the scheme are held separately from those of the 
Group in an independently administered fund. The pension cost represents contributions payable by the Group and amounted to 
£2,361,000 (2021: £2,354,000). Contributions totalling £1,126,000 (2021: £1,051,000) were payable to the fund at the balance 
sheet date and are included in other payables.

--- Page 185 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
52 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
27 Capital commitments 
At 30 September 2022, the Group had capital commitments as follows: 
 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Contracted for but not provided within these financial statements 
1,476 
1,297 
 
28 Share-based payment 
Share options 
The Group operates equity-settled share-option schemes for certain employees. The vesting period is three years. If the options 
remain unexercised after a period of ten years from the date of grant the options expire. Options are forfeited, other than in 
limited circumstances, if the employee leaves the Group before the end of the vesting period. In these limited circumstances 
options will be exercisable in a specified period following termination of employment after which they will lapse. 
 
For options granted in 2021 and 2022 additional performance measures apply. The performance measures are EPS growth, 
where 25% vests at threshold performance and 100% vests at maximum performance and Relative Total Shareholder Return 
measured against the FTSE AIM 100 index, where 25% vests at a ranking of median rising to 100% for a ranking of upper 
quartile or higher. In the case of Executive Directors, any vested shares will be subject to a two-year holding period. 
 
The share options under the scheme are as follows: 
 
Year ended 30 September 2022: 
 
 
 
 
Year 
No. of options 
Option 
Price1 
Exercise 
Period 
As at 
1 October 
2021 
Granted 
in 2022 
Exercised in 
2022 
Forfeited in 
2022 
As at 
30 September 
2022 
2013 
42,000 
– 
– 
– 
42,000 
0.10p 
August 2016 to July 2023 
2015 
93,197 
– 
– 
– 
93,197 
0.10p 
March 2018 to February 2025 
2015 
46,553 
– 
– 
(2,480) 
44,073 
0.10p 
July 2018 to June 2025 
2016 
376,203 
– 
(12,509) 
(3,112) 
360,582 
0.10p 
March 2019 to February 2026 
2017 
115,172 
– 
– 
– 
115,172 
0.10p 
March 2020 to February 2027 
2018 
5,373,668 
– 
– 
(572,557) 
4,801,111 
69.5p 
January 2021 to January 2028 
2019 
6,014,383 
– 
– 
(672,983) 
5,341,400 
58.5p 
January 2022 to January 2029 
2020 
10,328,359 
– 
(172,185) 
(1,094,377) 
9,061,797 
42.5p 
February 2023 to February 2030 
2020 
2,100,000 
– 
– 
– 
2,100,000 
31.5p 
June 2023 to June 2030 
2021 
3,737,134 
– 
– 
(366,876) 
3,370,258 
0.10p 
January 2024 to January 2031 
2021 
205,899 
– 
– 
– 
205,899 
0.10p 
May 2024 to May 2031 
2022 
– 
4,569,496 
– 
(301,582) 
4,267,914 
0.10p 
December 2024 to December 2031 
1 
The option price is the nominal value of the Parent Company’s shares for options issued except for the options issued in 2018, 2019 and 2020 for which the option 
price is the market price of the share on the date the options were granted.

--- Page 186 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
53 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
28 Share-based payment continued 
Year ended 30 September 2021: 
 
 
No. of options 
As at 
1 October 
Exercised in 
Forfeited in 
As at 
30 September 
Option 
Exercise 
Year 
2020 
Granted in 2021 
2021 
2021 
2021 
Price1 
Period 
2013 
212,000 
– 
(145,000) 
(25,000) 
42,000 
0.10p 
August 2016 to July 2023 
2015 
235,840 
– 
(74,558) 
(68,085) 
93,197 
0.10p 
March 2018 to February 2025 
2015 
49,963 
– 
(3,410) 
– 
46,553 
0.10p 
July 2018 to June 2025 
2016 
524,001 
– 
(115,950) 
(31,848) 
376,203 
0.10p 
March 2019 to February 2026 
2017 
222,536 
– 
(87,264) 
(20,100) 
115,172 
0.10p 
March 2020 to February 2027 
2018 
7,920,876 
– 
– 
(2,547,208) 
5,373,668 
69.5p 
January 2021 to January 2028 
2019 
10,026,600 
– 
(99,982) 
(3,912,235) 
6,014,383 
58.5p 
January 2022 to January 2029 
2020 
13,675,329 
– 
(1,626,436) 
(1,720,534) 
10,328,359 
42.5p February 2023 to February 2030 
2020 
2,100,000 
– 
– 
– 
2,100,000 
31.5p 
June 2023 to June 2030 
2021 
– 
3,817,762 
– 
(80,628) 
3,737,134 
0.10p 
January 2024 to January 2031 
2021 
– 
205,899 
– 
– 
205,899 
0.10p 
May 2024 to May 2031 
1 The option price is the nominal value of the Parent Company’s shares for options issued except for the options issued in 2018 and 2019 for which the option price is 
the market price of the share on the date the options were granted. 
 
Of the total number of options outstanding at 30 September 2022, 11,267,925 (2021: 6,515,149) were exercisable. In addition to 
all of the outstanding share options from 2013 to 2019, the balance of options exercisable also included nil options (2021: 
274,283) from 2019, 246,555 options (2021: 194,073) from 2020, 63,772 options (2021: nil) from 2021, and 7,063 options (2021: 
nil) from 2022 which had vested early, not been exercised and had not lapsed. The early vests were due to employees leaving 
the Group as part of the structural efficiencies programme and the restructuring of management. 
 
Options exercised in 2022 resulted in 184,694 shares being issued at a weighted average price of 40.3p. The related weighted 
average share price at the time of exercise was 62.5p per share. Options exercised in 2021 resulted in 2,152,600 shares being 
issued at a weighted average price of 36.8p. The related weighted average share price at the time of exercise was 57.8p per 
share. 
 
The fair value of all of the equity-settled share-options granted above is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes 
Merton model taking into account the terms and conditions on which the options were granted. The weighted average fair value 
of the share options granted during the period was 51p (2021: 54.3p). Other inputs used in the fair value measurement include: 
 
Inputs 
2022 
2021 
Expected share price volatility 
39.61% 
37.75% 
Risk-free rate 
0.39% 
(0.11)% 
Expected dividend yield 
0.00% 
0.00% 
 
The expected price volatility is based on the historic volatility (based on the remaining life of the options).

--- Page 187 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
54 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
28. Share-based payments continued 
Share options continued 
The total charge reflected in the consolidated income statement in relation to the share-base transactions listed in the table 
below. The share based payment expense comprises: 
 
 
Share options issued 
Weighted 
average 
exercise price 
Weighted 
average 
remaining 
contractual life 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
August 2013 
0.1p 
One years 
– 
– 
March 2015 and July 2015 
0.1p 
Two years 
– 
– 
March 2016 
0.1p 
Three years 
– 
– 
March 2017 
0.1p 
Four years 
– 
– 
January 2018 
69.5p 
Five years 
– 
58 
January 2019 
58.5p 
Six years 
101 
321 
February 2020 
42.5p 
Seven years 
330 
249 
June 2020 
31.5p 
Seven years 
57 
61 
January 2021 
0.1p 
Eight years 
293 
133 
May 2021 
0.1p 
Eight years 
16 
8 
December 2021 
0.1p 
Nine years 
385 
– 
Equity-settled schemes 
1,182 
830 
Total share-based payment charge 
1,182 
830 
 
The expense recognised above has been recognised in the income statement and included within operating costs. 
The Group did not enter into any other share-based payment transactions with parties other than employees during the current 
or previous period. 
 
29 Related party transactions 
All related party transactions were made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s lenth transactions. 
 
Other related party transactions 
Upon refinancing our Bond debt in September 2022, some related parties participated, at arms length, in the newly issued 
unsecured green bond. Those related parties and the amounts invested were as follows: FERD AS (NOK 6.5m), Kverva Finans AS 
(NOK 20.0m), JNE Partners LLP (NOK 6.5m), each of whom are deemed to be substantial shareholders of Benchmark Holdings 
PLC, and Atle Eide (NOK 5.0m) who is a Non-Executive Director of Benchmark Holdings PLC.

--- Page 188 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
55 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
29. Related party transactions continued 
Other related party transactions continued 
In addition, Group entities entered into the following trading transactions with related parties during the year that are not 
members of the Group: 
 
 
Transaction values for the year 
ended 30 September 
 
Balance outstanding as 
at 30 September 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Sales of goods and services 
Salmar Genetics AS1 
93 
126 
26 
– 
Benchmark Genetics (Thailand) Limited2 
23 
– 
60 
– 
Great Salt Lake Brine Shrimp Cooperative, Inc2 
473 
285 
142 
111 
Andromeda S.A.3 
– 
– 
– 
760 
Baggfossen Mikrokraft AS2 
– 
20 
– 
10 
NovAustral4 
– 
– 
89 
– 
Purchases 
Great Salt Lake Brine Shrimp Cooperative, Inc2 
24,583 
25,634 
5,961 
7,640 
Baggfossen Mikrokraft AS2 
21 
– 
– 
– 
Marco Polo Events Ltd5 
8 
– 
– 
– 
Kontali Analyse AS6 
1 
– 
– 
– 
 
1 
Joint venture. 
2 
Associate. 
3 
A Director is a director of the parent undertaking of Andromeda S.A. 
4 
A director is KMP of NovAustral. 
5 
A director is a director of Marco Polo Events Ltd. 
6 
A director is a director of Kontali Analyse AS. 
 
Remuneration of key management personnel 
The aggregate remuneration of the key management personnel of the Group, is set out below in aggregate for each of the 
categories specified in IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures. In 2022 and 2021 the key management personnel of the Group were 
considered to be the Board of Directors and the Executive Management Team. 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Salary 
1,799 
1,465 
Bonus 
1,422 
1,019 
Social security 
459 
251 
Taxable benefits 
24 
11 
Pension 
124 
100 
Fees 
307 
285 
Share-based payment 
404 
200 
Total 
4,539 
3,331 
 
Parent and ultimate controlling party 
The Company is controlled by the shareholders. There is no single controlling party. 
 
30 Contingent liabilities 
There is a full cross guarantee in respect of certain borrowings of other Group undertakings. Total such borrowings of other 
Group undertakings at 30 September 2022 were £nil (2021: £nil). 
 
31 Notes supporting statement of cash flows 
Cash and cash equivalents for the purposes of the statement of cash flows comprises: 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Cash at bank and in hand 
36,399 
39,460 
Cash and cash equivalents 
36,399 
39,460

--- Page 189 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
56 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
32 Alternative profit measures and other metrics 
Alternative profit measures 
Management has presented the performance measures EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Operating Profit and Adjusted 
Profit Before Tax because it monitors performance at a consolidated level and believes that these measures are relevant to an 
understanding of the Group’s financial performance. 
EBITDA, a widely used measure, which reflects profitability, is earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and 
impairment and is shown on the income statement. 
Adjusted EBITDA which reflects underlying profitability, is earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation, impairment, 
exceptional items and acquisition-related expenditure and is shown on the income statement. 
Adjusted operating profit is operating loss before exceptional items including acquisition-related items and amortisation of 
intangible assets excluding development costs as reconciled below. 
Adjusted profit before tax is earnings before tax, amortisation and impairment of acquired intangibles, exceptional items and 
acquisition-related expenditure as reconciled below. These measures are not defined performance measures in IFRS. The 
Group’s definition of these measures may not be comparable with similarly titled performance measures and disclosures by 
other entities. 
Reconciliation of adjusted operating profit to operating loss 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Revenue 
158,277 
125,062 
Cost of sales 
(75,149) 
(59,477) 
Gross profit 
83,128 
65,585 
Research and development costs 
(6,691) 
(7,010) 
Other operating costs 
(44,661) 
(38,221) 
Depreciation and impairment 
(19,897) 
(8,359) 
Amortisation of capitalised development costs 
(2,165) 
(299) 
Share of loss of equity accounted investees net of tax 
(595) 
(905) 
Adjusted operating profit 
9,119 
10,791 
Exceptional including acquisition related items 
16 
(184) 
Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets excluding development costs 
(16,996) 
(15,984) 
Operating loss 
(7,861) 
(5,377) 
 
Reconciliation of loss before tax to adjusted (loss)/profit before tax 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Loss before taxation 
(23,177) 
(9,179) 
Exceptional including acquisition-related items 
(16) 
184 
Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets excluding development costs 
16,996 
15,984 
Adjusted (loss)/profit before tax 
(6,197) 
6,989 
 
Other metrics 
Total R&D Investment 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Research and development costs 
6,691 
7,010 
Internal capitalised development costs (Note 13) 
1,708 
4,813 
Total R&D investment 
8,399 
11,823 
 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Adjusted EBITDA excluding fair value movement in biological assets 
Adjusted EBITDA 
31,181 
19,449 
Exclude fair value movement 
(1,595) 
(3,323) 
Adjusted EBITDA excluding fair value movement 
29,586 
16,126

--- Page 190 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC special purpose consolidated financial accounts year ended 30 September 2022 
57 
The accompanying notes form part of the financial statements. 
32. Alternative profit measures and other metrics continued 
Liquidity 
A key financial covenant is a minimum liquidity of £10m, defined as cash plus undrawn facilities. 
 
 
2022 
£000 
Cash and cash equivalents 
36,399 
Undrawn bank facility 
9,398 
Liquidity 
45,797 
 
The undrawn bank facility relates to the RCF facility (Note 20). At 30 September 2022, £4,000,000 (2021: £nil) of the RCF was drawn, 
leaving £9.4m undrawn. 
 
33 Net debt 
Net debt is cash and cash equivalents less loans and borrowings. 
 
 
2022 
£000 
2021 
£000 
Cash and cash equivalents 
36,399 
39,460 
Loans and borrowings (excluding lease liabilities) – current 
(5,569) 
(1,612) 
Loans and borrowings (excluding lease liabilities) – non-current 
(78,280) 
(94,792) 
Net debt excluding lease liabilities 
(47,450) 
(56,944) 
Lease liabilities – current 
(11,522) 
(9,042) 
Lease liabilities – non-current 
(14,765) 
(14,945) 
Net debt 
(73,737) 
(80,931) 
 
34 Post balance sheet events 
 
The Company announced on 6 December 2022 that it allocated 35,189,350 new shares under a private placement and Norwegian 
Retail Offering at a subscription price of NOK 4.50 each, raising gross proceeds of approximately NOK 158 million (equivalent to 
approximately GBP 13 million).  The Company then completed the admission of its shares on Euronext Growth Oslo and trading on that 
market commenced on 15 December.  
 
On 15 February 2023, the Group purchased the minority interest’s shareholding of 14,981,272 shares in Benchmark Genetics Iceland HF 
for €9,000,000.  Following this acquisition, Benchmark Genetics Limited, a subsidiary of Benchmark Holdings PLC, now owns 100% of 
the share capital of Benchmark Genetics Iceland HF.

--- Page 191 ---
Benchmark Holdings PLC Group 
Consolidated Quarterly Financial Statements 
For the quarter ended 31 December 2022

--- Page 192 ---
Management Report 
The Group delivered excellent performance in the first three months of the year translating into a 36% growth 
in revenue and 61% growth in Adjusted EBITDA excluding fair value movements from biological assets. 
Performance was good across all business areas, with each business area reporting improved revenues and 
Adjusted EBITDA excluding fair value movements from biological assets when compared to the same period 
last year. On a constant exchange rate basis, Group revenue and Adjusted EBITDA excluding fair value 
movements were up 29% and 56% respectively. 
Other operating costs were £11.8m, a 18% increase from the prior year (Q1 FY22: £9.9m) due to cost inflation 
and the impact of forex movements. By business area, operating costs increased more significantly in Genetics 
reflecting the investment in growth vectors including SPR shrimp, tilapia and salmon in Chile.  R&D expenses 
for the Group of £1.6m were in line with the prior year. Total R&D investment including capitalised 
development costs was £1.6m (Q1 FY22: £2.3m), reflecting commercialisation of SPR shrimp during the 
previous year for which costs are no longer capitalised. 
Adjusted EBITDA (excluding fair value movement from biological assets) was £12.1m (Q1 FY22: £7.5m) driven 
by higher revenues, increased asset utilisation and ongoing cost control. As a result, the Group achieved an 
Adjusted EBITDA margin (excluding fair value movement from biological assets) of 22% (Q1 FY22: 19%).  
Depreciation and amortisation increased 13% from the comparative period last year to £10.1m (Q1 FY22: 
£8.9m) as a result of investment in the businesses and £0.5m impairment of intangible assets in the Health 
business area which are no longer being utilised.  Exceptional costs incurred in the period of £1.0m (Q1 FY22: 
£nil) related to costs associated with the listing on Euronext Growth Oslo and preparation for up-listing on 
the Oslo stock exchange. However, despite these increased costs, the Group reported only a small operating 
loss of £0.1m, a significant improvement from the £1.5m loss in Q1 FY22.  
Net finance income in the period was £0.2m (Q1 FY22: £2.2m expense), with a £2.5m credit relating to the 
ineffectively hedged portion of the movement in the fair value of derivate instruments and a lower 
amortisation charge on capitalised borrowing fees of £0.1m (Q1 FY22: £0.3m charge) offsetting the increased 
interest charges (-£0.3m) following the refinancing exercise. 
The Group reported a small profit before tax of £0.1m (Q1 FY22: loss before tax £3.7m); the loss after tax for 
the period was £0.7m (Q1 FY22: loss after tax £5.1m). 
The Group’s improved result translated in a significantly higher net operating cash inflow from operating 
activities for the period at £8.1m (Q1 FY22: inflow £1.1m).  This was after an increase in working capital of 
£0.8m and tax payments of £1.5m in the period. Net cash used in investing activities was £2.2m (Q1 FY22: 
£2.6m) of which capex was £1.9m (Q1 FY22: £2.5m).  Capex in the period related to investment in Genetics 
(£1.3m), Nutrition (£0.4m) and in Health (£0.2m).  Net cash inflow from financing activities was £2.2m, with 
net proceeds from the fundraise in December 2022 of £11.6m being offset by £4.4m repayment of debt, 
£0.6m of capitalised borrowing fees, £2.2m of interest paid and £2.2m of lease payments.  Net increase in 
cash in the quarter was £8.1m to leave the period end cash position at £42.8m and liquidity of £62.8m.  
Advanced Nutrition 
Advanced Nutrition revenues were £22.7m, up 19% with sales higher in all product areas, also aided by 
favourable forex rates in the period (revenues increased at CER by 4%). By product area, sales of Artemia 
were +23%, Diets +10% and Health +27% higher than Q1 FY22.  Q1 FY23 Adjusted EBITDA was £5.3m, up by 
23% reflecting improved asset utilisation and ongoing cost discipline. Adjusted EBITDA margin was consistent 
at 23% (Q1 FY22: 23%). Notably, the Company’s good performance in Advanced Nutrition was delivered 
against a backdrop of soft market conditions entering into FY23 affected by weather conditions in Thailand,

--- Page 193 ---
the presence of SHIV virus in Indonesia and in Latin America by high fuel costs combined with low farm gate 
prices. 
Our continued growth in Advanced Nutrition revenues is a reflection of our focused commercial effort which 
brings together our market leading, high performing product portfolio, experienced technical support and a 
quality oriented, reliable supply chain. We continue to innovate both in our existing range and development 
of new products and during the period we carried out a pre-launch of our Artemia counter, adding to our 
suite of Artemia technologies to improve customer experience. Examples of our customer-centric commercial 
effort in the period include trials of our specialist diets conducted by our global and regional technical experts 
working together to optimise customer performance in Indonesia, and artemia workshops conducted by our 
regional technical support and local sales teams aimed at tailoring the use of artemia tools and hatching 
protocols to individual customer needs. 
Genetics 
Genetics delivered revenues of £21.4m in Q1 FY23 (Q1 FY22: £15.2m), reflecting a strong growth of 41% (+42% 
CER). This was driven primarily by sales of salmon eggs and harvest income which increased by 57% and 31%, 
respectively. Revenues from genetic services, our consulting business were 14% ahead of Q1 FY22. There was 
a slowdown in the commercial roll-out of the SPR shrimp as we refine our product offering based on customer 
feedback in our first year of trading. As a result, sales from SPR shrimp were 20% below the prior year.  
Adjusted EBITDA for Q1 FY23 (excluding fair value movements of biological assets) was £3.7m, 11% ahead of 
the prior year (Q1 FY22: £3.4m), and at constant exchange rates, was 19% higher than the prior year.  The fair 
value movements on biological assets in the quarter was a £1.1m reduction in value (Q1 FY22: £0.1m 
reduction), so Adjusted EBITDA including fair value movements for Q1 FY23 was £2.6m (Q1 FY22: £3.3m).  
Post period end the Company announced the retirement of Jan-Emil Johannessen, Head of Benchmark 
Genetics who will be succeeded by Geir Olav Melingen, currently Commercial Director Salmon at Benchmark, 
with effect from 1 June 2023. During his tenure Jan-Emil has built a talented and experienced team capable 
of taking Benchmark Genetics through the next phase of growth.  Geir Olav Melingen has extensive 
experience from leading roles in the aquaculture industry including at MSD, as CEO of Fishguard and CEO of 
the Bergen Aquarium. He has deep experience in fish health and the salmon industry with a PhD in fish health 
from the University of Bergen. 
Health 
Revenues in Q1 FY23 were £10.4m (Q1 FY22: £5.8m) as a result of significantly increased customer uptake 
and sales of Ectosan® Vet and CleanTreat® and significant growth in Salmosan Vet – our well established sea 
lice treatment.  Revenues from Ectosan® Vet and CleanTreat® were £7.5m of which £2.2m was derived from 
recharging vessel and fuel costs associated with the Ectosan® Vet and CleanTreat® operations.   
Revenues from Salmosan® Vet, our long-established sea lice treatment were £2.9m (Q1 FY22: £1.3m) with 
significant growth achieved in Canada, Norway and the Faroe Islands. Growth was driven by a variation to the 
marketing label which supports a longer product exposure, as well as enhanced engagement with customers 
through our portfolio of sea lice solutions which can be used in combination to address our customers’ sea 
lice challenge.  
The significant increase in revenues resulted in Adjusted EBITDA of £4.1m in the quarter (Q1 FY22: £0.5m) 
demonstrating the potential of this business area to deliver good profitability.

--- Page 194 ---
Operationally we continue to make improvements in the efficiency of the delivery of our Ectosan® Vet and 
CleanTreat® solution achieving a new record in the speed of water transfer between the treatment wellboat 
and the CleanTreat® units, a key parameter for our customers. Speed of water transfer is now approximately 
double what it was at launch. 
In the period we made progress towards a new business model for Ectosan® Vet and CleanTreat® aimed at 
lowering the Company’s exposure to infrastructure costs by lowering capital intensity and capital investment. 
The Company has established a partnership with leading specialist wellboat equipment provider MMC and 
ship designer SALT to capture opportunities to integrate its CleanTreat® systems into new wellboats coming 
to the market. The speed of adoption of a fully integrated solution on wellboats is reliant on the availability 
and customer adoption of new large wellboats.  Customer owned PSV’s/platforms are a viable alternative to 
large wellboats in the medium to long term. 
Oslo Børs uplisting and delisting from AIM 
As previously announced at the end of FY22, the Company intends to up-list from Euronext Growth Oslo to 
the Oslo Børs and we are making progress towards this goal.  Oslo is the leading listing venue for aquaculture 
and seafood companies. There are 27 listed companies in the seafood sector in Oslo while Benchmark is the 
only pure play aquaculture company listed on the London Stock Exchange.  A listing on the Oslo Børs provides 
natural access to an important pool of specialist investors best equipped to recognise the Company’s added 
value and growth potential. The Company is conducting a consultation with shareholders on whether to 
maintain a listing on AIM.  The potential up-listing to the Oslo Børs and delisting from AIM are subject to 
shareholder approval and market conditions. 
Current Trading and Outlook 
Post period end the Company continues to perform well across all business areas and the outlook for the full 
year is encouraging. This reflects good visibility of revenues in Genetics, a positive performance in a more 
challenging market for Advanced Nutrition and increasing evidence of customer adoption for Ectosan® Vet 
and CleanTreat® in Health.

--- Page 195 ---
To the Board of Directors of Benchmark Holdings plc 
Independent Auditors’ Report on Review of Interim Financial Information to 
Benchmark Holdings Plc   
Introduction  
We have reviewed the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Benchmark Holdings Plc (“the 
Company”) as at 31 December 2022, the consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement 
of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the statement of 
consolidated cash flows for the 3 month period then ended, and notes to the interim financial 
information (“the consolidated interim financial information”).  Management is responsible for the 
preparation and presentation of this condensed consolidated interim financial information in 
accordance with IAS 34, ‘Interim Financial Reporting’ as issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board as adopted by EU.  Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this condensed 
consolidated interim financial information based on our review.   
Scope of Review 
We conducted our review in accordance with the International Standard on Review Engagements 
2410, “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” 
as issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board.  A review of interim financial 
information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting 
matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures.  A review is substantially less in scope 
than an audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing and consequently 
does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that 
might be identified in an audit.  Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion. Whilst the company 
has previously produced a quarterly report containing a condensed set of financial statements, those 
financial statements have not previously been subject to a review by an independent auditor. As a 
consequence, the review procedures set out above have not been performed in respect of the 
comparative period for the three months ended 31 December 2021.   
Conclusion  
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the 
accompanying condensed consolidated interim financial information as at 31 December 2022 is not 
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34, ‘Interim Financial Reporting’ as issued 
by the International Accounting Standards Board as adopted by EU.   
The purpose of our review work and to whom we owe our responsibilities  
This report is made solely to the Company in accordance with the terms of our engagement.  Our 
review work has been undertaken so that we might state to the Company those matters we are 
required to state to it in our report and for no other purpose.  We have consented to the inclusion of 
this report in the combined offering and listing prospectus dated 28 February 2023 to meet the

--- Page 196 ---
requirements of the Oslo Børs Oslo Rule Book II – Issuer Rules 3.1.2.4 (1), which apply on account 
of the Company’s previous publication of quarterly interim financial statements as required under 
their Bond agreement.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume 
responsibility to anyone other than the Company, for our review work, for this report, or for the 
conclusion we have formed.   
KPMG LLP 
15 Canada Square 
London
E14 5GL 
2 March 2023

--- Page 197 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Consolidated Income Statement for the period ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
All figures in £000's 
Notes 
Q1 2023 
(unaudited) 
Q1 2022 
(unaudited) 
FY 2022 
(audited) 
Revenue 
4 
54,495 
40,014  
158,277  
Cost of sales 
  
(30,268) 
(20,515) 
(75,149) 
Gross profit 
24,227 
19,499  
83,128  
Research and development costs 
(1,563) 
(1,647) 
(6,691) 
Other operating costs 
(11,753) 
(9,923) 
(44,661) 
Share of profit/(loss) of equity-accounted investees, net of tax 
  
56  
(504) 
(595) 
Adjusted EBITDA² 
10,967  
7,425  
31,181  
Exceptional items 
5 
(972) 
-  
16  
EBITDA¹ 
9,995  
7,425  
31,197  
Depreciation and impairment 
(4,615) 
(4,495) 
(19,897) 
Amortisation and impairment 
  
(5,502) 
(4,388) 
(19,161) 
Operating loss 
(122) 
(1,458) 
(7,861) 
Finance cost 
(7,286) 
(2,343) 
(20,057) 
Finance income 
  
7,508 
119  
4,741  
Profit/(loss) before taxation 
100 
(3,682) 
(23,177) 
Tax on loss 
6 
(779) 
(1,427) 
(7,274) 
Loss for the period 
  
(679) 
(5,109) 
(30,451) 
Loss for the period attributable to: 
- Owners of the parent 
(1,283) 
(5,357) 
(32,087) 
- Non-controlling interest 
  
604  
248  
1,636  
  
  
(679) 
(5,109) 
(30,451) 
Earnings per share 
Basic loss per share (pence) 
7 
(0.18) 
(0.79) 
(4.60) 
Diluted loss per share (pence) 
7 
(0.18) 
(0.79) 
(4.60) 
 
1 EBITDA – Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation, and impairment 
2 Adjusted EBITDA – EBITDA before exceptional items

--- Page 198 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for the period ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
All figures in £000's 
  
Q1 2023 
(unaudited) 
Q1 2022 
(unaudited) 
FY 2022 
(audited) 
 
 
Loss for the period 
(679) 
(5,109) 
(30,451) 
Other comprehensive income 
Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or 
loss 
Foreign exchange translation differences 
(18,040) 
(2,611) 
47,606  
Cash flow hedges - changes in fair value 
(516)  
(134) 
2,627  
Cash flow hedges - reclassified to profit or loss 
(113) 
115  
2,546  
Total comprehensive income for the period 
  
(19,348) 
(7,739) 
22,328  
Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to: 
- Owners of the parent 
(19,751) 
(7,948) 
20,326  
- Non-controlling interest 
  
403  
209  
2,002  
  
  
(19,348) 
(7,739) 
22,328  
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of this consolidated financial information.

--- Page 199 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31 December 
2022 
 
31 December 
2021 
 
30 September 
2022 
All figures in £000's 
Notes 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
 
80,505  
78,082  
81,900  
Right-of-use assets 
 
23,883  
23,062  
27,034  
Intangible assets 
 
224,606  
224,192  
245,264  
Equity-accounted investees 
 
3,041  
2,815  
3,113  
Other investments 
 
15  
15  
15  
Biological and agricultural assets 
 
24,930  
21,206  
20,878  
Trade and other receivables 
 
422  
-  
-  
Non-current assets 
  
357,402  
349,372  
378,204  
Inventories 
 
28,222  
21,343  
29,813  
Biological and agricultural assets 
 
17,154  
17,137  
25,780  
Trade and other receivables 
 
51,159  
43,267  
56,377  
Cash and cash equivalents 
  
42,782  
52,705  
36,399  
Current assets 
  
139,317  
134,452  
148,369  
Total assets 
  
496,719  
483,824  
526,573  
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Trade and other payables 
 
(35,254) 
(39,001) 
(44,324) 
Loans and borrowings 
8 
(16,227) 
(6,872) 
(17,091) 
Corporation tax liability 
 
(10,349) 
(6,936) 
(10,211) 
Provisions 
  
(1,587) 
(557) 
(1,631) 
Current liabilities 
  
(63,417) 
(53,366) 
(73,257) 
Loans and borrowings 
8 
(87,958) 
(110,119) 
(93,045) 
Other payables 
 
(4,369) 
(895) 
(8,996) 
Deferred tax 
 
(25,105) 
(27,159) 
(27,990) 
Non-current liabilities 
  
(117,432) 
(138,173) 
(130,031) 
Total liabilities 
  
(180,849) 
(191,539) 
(203,288) 
Net assets 
  
315,870  
292,285  
323,285  
Issued capital and reserves attributable to owners of the 
parent 
 
 
 
 
Share capital 
9 
739  
704  
704  
Additional paid-in share capital 
9 
432,423  
420,754  
420,824  
Capital redemption reserve 
 
5  
5  
5  
Retained earnings 
 
(186,120) 
(159,269) 
(185,136) 
Hedging reserve 
 
(1,332) 
(5,895) 
(703) 
Foreign exchange reserve 
 
59,866  
27,893  
77,705  
Equity attributable to owners of the parent 
  
305,581  
284,192  
313,399  
Non-controlling interest 
  
10,289  
8,093  
9,886  
Total equity and reserves 
  
315,870  
292,285  
323,285  
 
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of this consolidated financial information.

--- Page 200 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the period ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
 Share  
capital  
 Additional 
paid-in 
share 
capital*   
 Other  
reserves  
 Hedging   
reserve  
 Retained 
 earnings  
 Total 
attributable 
 to equity 
holders of  
parent  
 Non- 
controlling 
interest  
 Total 
equity  
  
 £000  
 £000  
 £000  
 £000  
 £000  
 £000  
 £000  
 £000  
As at 1 October 2022 (audited) 
704  
420,824  
77,710  
(703) 
(185,136) 
313,399  
9,886  
323,285  
Comprehensive income for the period 
(Loss)/profit for the period 
-  
-  
-  
-  
(1,283) 
(1,283) 
604  
(679) 
Other comprehensive income 
-  
-  
(17,839) 
(629) 
-  
(18,468) 
(201) 
(18,669) 
Total comprehensive income for the period 
-  
-  
(17,839) 
(629) 
(1,283) 
(19,751) 
403  
(19,348) 
Contributions by and distributions to owners 
Share issue 
35  
12,985  
-  
-  
-  
13,020  
-  
13,020  
Share issue costs recognised through equity 
-  
(1,386) 
-  
-  
-  
(1,386) 
-  
(1,386) 
Share-based payment 
-  
-  
-  
-  
299  
299  
-  
299  
Total contributions by and distributions to 
owners 
35  
11,599  
-  
-  
299  
11,933  
-  
11,933  
Total transactions with owners of the Company 
35  
11,599  
-  
-  
299  
11,933  
-  
11,933  
As at 31 December 2022 (unaudited) 
739  
432,423  
59,871 
(1,332) 
(186,120) 
305,581  
10,289  
315,870  
As at 1 October 2021 (audited) 
670  
400,682  
30,470  
(5,876) 
(154,231) 
271,715  
7,884  
279,599  
Comprehensive income for the period 
(Loss)/profit for the period 
-  
-  
-  
-  
(5,357) 
(5,357) 
248  
(5,109) 
Other comprehensive income 
-  
-  
(2,572) 
(19) 
-  
(2,591) 
(39) 
(2,630) 
Total comprehensive income for the period 
-  
-  
(2,572) 
(19) 
(5,357) 
(7,948) 
209  
(7,739) 
Contributions by and distributions to owners 
Share issue 
34  
20,634  
-  
-  
-  
20,668  
-  
20,668  
Share issue costs recognised through equity 
-  
(562) 
-  
-  
-  
(562) 
-  
(562) 
Share-based payment 
-  
-  
-  
-  
319  
319  
-  
319  
Total contributions by and distributions to 
owners 
34  
20,072  
-  
-  
319  
20,425  
-  
20,425  
Total transactions with owners of the Company 
34  
20,072  
-  
-  
319  
20,425  
-  
20,425  
As at 31 December 2021 (unaudited) 
704  
420,754  
27,898  
(5,895) 
(159,269) 
284,192  
8,093  
292,285  
As at 1 October 2021 (audited) 
670  
400,682  
30,470  
(5,876) 
(154,231) 
271,715  
7,884  
279,599  
Comprehensive income for the period 
(Loss)/profit for the period 
-  
-  
-  
-  
(32,087) 
(32,087) 
1,636  
(30,451) 
Other comprehensive income 
-  
-  
47,240  
5,173  
-  
52,413  
366  
52,779  
Total comprehensive income for the period 
-  
-  
47,240  
5,173  
(32,087) 
20,326  
2,002  
22,328  
Contributions by and distributions to owners 
Share issue 
34  
20,704  
-  
-  
-  
20,738  
-  
20,738  
Share issue costs recognised through equity 
-  
(562) 
-  
-  
-  
(562) 
-  
(562) 
Share-based payment 
-  
-  
-  
-  
1,182  
1,182  
-  
1,182  
Total contributions by and distributions to 
owners 
34  
20,142  
-  
-  
1,182  
21,358  
-  
21,358  
Total transactions with owners of the Company 
34  
20,142  
-  
-  
1,182  
21,358  
-  
21,358  
As at 30 September 2022 (audited) 
704  
420,824  
77,710  
(703) 
(185,136) 
313,399  
9,886  
323,285  
 
*Other reserves in this statement is an aggregation of capital redemption reserve and foreign exchange reserve. 
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of this consolidated financial information.

--- Page 201 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the period ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
 
Q1 2023 
(unaudited) 
Q1 2022 
(unaudited) 
FY 2022 
(audited) 
  
£000 
£000 
£000 
Cash flows from operating activities 
Loss for the period 
(679) 
(5,109) 
(30,451) 
Adjustments for: 
Depreciation and impairment of property, plant and equipment 
2,033  
2,022  
8,602  
Depreciation and impairment of right-of-use assets 
2,582  
2,473  
11,295  
Amortisation and impairment of intangible fixed assets 
5,502  
4,388  
19,161  
Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment 
(37) 
-  
(43) 
Finance income 
(7,508) 
(119) 
(319) 
Finance costs 
7,010  
2,247  
18,437  
Increase in fair value of contingent consideration receivable 
-  
-  
(1,203) 
Share of (profit)/loss of equity-accounted investees, net of tax 
(56) 
504  
595  
Foreign exchange losses/(gains) 
418  
(9) 
(3,985) 
Share-based payment expense 
299  
319  
1,182  
Other adjustments for non-cash items 
-  
-  
(276) 
Tax charge 
779  
1,427  
7,274  
Decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables 
4,011  
2,683  
(8,511) 
Decrease/(increase) in inventories 
1,571  
(880) 
(5,406) 
Decrease/(increase) in biological and agricultural assets 
3,294  
(138) 
(6,099) 
(Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables 
(9,633) 
(7,687) 
6,946  
(Decrease)/increase in provisions 
(9) 
(6) 
1,058  
9,577  
2,115  
18,257  
Income taxes paid 
(1,509) 
(981) 
(7,447) 
Net cash flows generated from operating activities 
8,068  
1,134  
10,810  
Investing activities 
Purchase of investments 
(63) 
-  
(378) 
Receipts from disposal of investments 
-  
-  
1,544  
Purchases of property, plant and equipment 
(1,829) 
(1,914) 
(10,808) 
Purchase of intangibles 
(30) 
(53) 
(205) 
Capitalised research and development costs 
(54) 
(627) 
(1,708) 
Cash advances and loans made to other parties 
(415) 
-  
-  
Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 
75  
-  
220  
Interest received 
160  
19  
119  
Net cash flows used in investing activities 
(2,156) 
(2,575) 
(11,216) 
Financing activities 
Proceeds of share issues 
13,020  
20,712  
20,737  
Share-issue costs recognised through equity 
(1,386) 
(607) 
(562) 
Proceeds from bank or other borrowings 
-  
-  
67,939  
Repayment of bank or other borrowings 
(4,397) 
(638) 
(74,874) 
Interest and finance charges paid 
(2,211) 
(1,882) 
(9,629) 
Capitalised borrowing costs 
(600) 
- 
- 
Repayments of lease liabilities 
(2,200) 
(2,730) 
(10,533) 
Net cash inflow/(outflow) from financing activities 
2,226  
14,855  
(6,922) 
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
8,138  
13,414  
(7,328) 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
36,399  
39,460  
39,460  
Effect of movements in exchange rate  
(1,755) 
(169) 
4,267  
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
42,782  
52,705  
36,399  
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of this consolidated financial information.

--- Page 202 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Unaudited notes to the quarterly financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
1. 
Basis of preparation 
 
Benchmark Holdings plc (the ‘Company’) is a company incorporated and domiciled in the United Kingdom. These consolidated quarterly 
financial statements as at and for the three months ended 31 December 2022 comprises those of the Company and its subsidiaries 
(together referred to as the ‘Group’).  
 
These consolidated quarterly financial statements do not comprise statutory accounts within the meaning of section 434 of the Companies 
Act 2006 and are unaudited.  However, the external auditor KPMG LLP has carried out a review of the consolidated quarterly financial 
statements and their report in respect of the three months to 31 December 2022 is set out in the Independent Review Report.  These 
financial statements do not include all the information required for a complete set of IFRS financial statements.  However, selected 
explanatory notes are included to explain events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes in the Group’s 
financial position and performance since the last annual financial statements.  The Group’s last annual statutory financial statements as 
at and for the year ended 30 September 2022 were prepared in accordance with UK adopted international accounting standards in 
conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as it applies to companies reporting under those standards (“Adopted IFRS”) 
and are available from the Company’s website at www.benchmarkplc.com.  
 
The prior year comparatives are derived from audited financial information for Benchmark Holdings PLC Group as set out in the Annual 
Report and Accounts for the year ended 30 September 2022 and the unaudited financial information in the Quarterly Financial Report for 
the three months ended 31 December 2021.  The comparative figures for the financial year ended 30 September 2022 are not the 
Company’s statutory accounts for that financial year.  Those accounts were approved by the Directors on 30 November 2022 and have 
been delivered to the Registrar of Companies.  The audit report received on those accounts was (i) unqualified and (ii) did not include a 
reference to any matters to which the external auditor drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying their report, and (iii) did not 
contain a statement under section 498(2) or (3) of the Companies Act 2006. 
 
Statement of Compliance 
 
These consolidated quarterly financial statements have been prepared in accordance with EU adopted IAS 34 ‘Interim Financial Reporting’. 
These financial statements do not include all of the information required for the full annual financial statements and should be read in 
conjunction with the Group’s last annual consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 30 September 2022. These 
consolidated quarterly financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 28 February 2022. 
 
Going concern  
 
The Group’s business activities, together with the factors likely to affect its future development, performance and position are set out in 
the Management Report.  
 
As at 31 December 2022 the Group had net assets of £315.9m (30 September 2022: £323.3m), including cash of £42.8m (30 September 
2022: £36.4m) as set out in the consolidated balance sheet. The Group made a loss for the period of £0.7m (year ended 30 September 
2022: loss £30.5m). 
 
As noted in the Management Report, the business has continued to perform well on the back of a good year in FY22.  All of the business 
areas have performed in line with or ahead of management expectations.  The Directors have reviewed forecasts and cash flow 
projections for a period of at least 12 months including downside sensitivity assumptions in relation to trading performance across the 
Group to assess the impact on the Group’s trading and cash flow forecasts and on the forecast compliance with the covenants included 
within the Group’s financing arrangements. 
 
In the downside analysis performed, the Directors considered severe but plausible scenarios on the Group’s trading and cash flow 
forecasts, firstly in relation to continued roll out of the Ectosan®Vet and CleanTreat offering. Sensitivities considered included modelling 
slower ramp up of the commercialisation of Ectosan® Vet and CleanTreat® through delayed roll-out of the revised operating model for 
the service, together with reductions in expected biomass treated and reduced treatment prices. Key downside sensitivities modelled in 
other areas included assumptions on slower commercialisation of SPR shrimp, slower salmon egg sales growth both in Chile and to land-
based farms in Genetics, along with sensitivities on sales price increases and potential supply constraints on CIS artemia in Advanced 
Nutrition. Mitigating measures within the control of management have been identified should they be required in response to these 
sensitivities, including reductions in areas of discretionary spend, deferral of capital projects and temporary hold on R&D for non-
imminent products.

--- Page 203 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Unaudited notes to the quarterly financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
1. 
Basis of preparation (continued) 
 
Going concern (continued) 
 
Following the refinancing of its NOK 850 million bond with the issue of a NOK 750 million unsecured green bond maturing in 2025 in 
FY22, which was due to mature in June 2023, the USD15m RCF was refinanced in the quarter with a new GBP20m RCF with a maturity of 
June 2025. Also in the quarter, our NOK 216m loan facility (which had NOK 165.6m outstanding at the year end) which was set to 
mature in October 2023, was combined with our NOK 17.5m overdraft facility into a new loan facility of NOK 179.5m, with a new 
maturity date in a further 5 years no later than 15 January 2028. Following all of these refinancing transactions, the Directors are 
satisfied there are sufficient facilities in place during the assessment period. 
 
The global economic environment is experiencing turbulence largely as a result of the conflict in Eastern Europe with supply issues in a 
number of industries impacted and inflation at high levels. Against this backdrop, the Group continues to show resilience against these 
pressures, with financial instruments in place to fix interest rates and with opportunities available to mitigate globally high inflation 
rates, such that even under all of the above sensitivity analysis, the Group has sufficient liquidity and resources throughout the period 
under review whilst still maintaining adequate headroom against the borrowing covenants. 
 
The Directors therefore remain confident that the Group has adequate resources to continue to meet its liabilities as and when they fall 
due within the period of 12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements. Based on their assessment, the Directors 
believe it remains appropriate to prepare the financial statements on a going concern basis. 
 
2. 
Accounting policies 
 
The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those used in preparing the consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended 30 September 2022. 
 
Taxes on income in the interim periods are accrued using the tax rate that would be applicable to expected total earnings. 
Alternative performance measures (‘APMs’) 
The Directors measure the performance of the Group based on a range of financial measures, including measures not recognised by EU-
adopted IFRS. These APMs may not be directly comparable with other companies’ APMs, and the Directors do not intend these as a 
substitute for, or superior to, IFRS measures. 
Directors have presented the performance measures Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Operating Profit, Adjusted Profit Before Tax and Adjusted 
EBITDA excluding fair value movement on biological assets because they monitor performance at a consolidated level using these and 
believe that these measures are relevant to an understanding of the Group’s financial performance (see note 10). Furthermore, the 
Directors also refer to current period results using constant currency, which are derived by retranslating current period results using the 
prior year’s foreign exchange rates. 
Use of estimates and judgements 
The preparation of quarterly financial information requires management to make certain judgements, estimates and assumptions that 
affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual amounts may 
differ from these estimates. 
 
In preparing these quarterly financial statements the critical judgements made by management in applying the Group’s accounting policies 
and the key sources of estimation uncertainty were the same as those applied to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
30 September 2022. 
 
3. 
Segment information 
 
Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the reports made to the chief operating decision maker. It is considered 
that the role of chief operating decision maker is performed by the Board of Directors. 
 
The Group operates globally and for management purposes is organised into reportable segments based on the following business areas: 
 
• 
Genetics – harnesses industry leading salmon breeding technologies combined with state-of-the-art production facilities to 
provide a range of year-round high genetic merit ova and technical services. 
• 
Advanced Nutrition – manufactures and provides technically advanced nutrition and health products to the global aquaculture 
industry. 
• 
Health –provides health products and services to the global aquaculture market.

--- Page 204 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Unaudited notes to the quarterly financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
3. 
Segment information (continued) 
 
In order to reconcile the segmental analysis to the consolidated income statement, corporate and inter-segment sales are also shown. 
Corporate sales represent revenues earned from recharging certain central costs to the operating business areas, together with 
unallocated central costs. 
Measurement of operating segment profit or loss 
Inter-segment sales are priced along the same lines as sales to external customers, with an appropriate discount being applied to 
encourage use of Group resources at a rate acceptable to local tax authorities.  This policy was applied consistently throughout the current 
and prior period. 
 
 
Reconciliations of segmental information to IFRS measures 
 
 Segmental Revenue  
 All figures in £000’s  
 Q1 2023 
(unaudited)  
 Q1 2022 
(unaudited)  
 FY 2022 
(audited)  
  Genetics   
21,439  
15,195  
58,008  
  Advanced Nutrition   
22,680  
19,059  
80,286  
  Health   
10,385  
5,777  
20,135  
  Corporate   
1,437  
1,406  
5,120  
  Inter-segment sales   
(1,446) 
(1,423) 
(5,272) 
  Total   
54,495  
40,014  
158,277  
 Segmental Adjusted EBITDA  
 All figures in £000’s  
 Q1 2023 
(unaudited)  
 Q1 2022 
(unaudited)  
 FY 2022 
(audited)  
  Genetics   
2,563  
3,263  
15,980  
  Advanced Nutrition   
5,297  
4,320  
19,017  
  Health   
4,067  
547  
108  
  Corporate   
(960) 
(705) 
(3,924) 
  Total   
10,967  
7,425  
31,181  
 
  
 Reconciliation of Reportable Segments Adjusted EBITDA to Loss before taxation  
  
 All figures in £000’s  
 Q1 2023 
(unaudited)  
 Q1 2022 
(unaudited)  
 FY 2022 
(audited)  
 Total reportable segment Adjusted EBITDA   
11,927  
8,130  
35,105  
 Corporate Adjusted EBITDA  
(960) 
(705) 
(3,924) 
 Adjusted EBITDA   
10,967  
7,425  
31,181  
 Exceptional items 
(972) 
-  
16  
 Depreciation and impairment  
(4,615) 
(4,495) 
(19,897) 
 Amortisation and impairment  
(5,502) 
(4,388) 
(19,161) 
 Net finance income/(costs)  
222 
(2,224) 
(15,316) 
 Profit/(loss) before taxation  
100 
(3,682) 
(23,177)

--- Page 205 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Unaudited notes to the quarterly financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
4. 
Revenue 
 
The Group’s operations and main revenue streams are those described in its financial statements to 30 September 2022. The Group’s 
revenue is derived from contracts with customers. 
 
Disaggregation of revenue 
 
In the following tables, revenue is disaggregated by primary geographical market and by sales of goods and services. The table includes a 
reconciliation of the disaggregated revenue with the Group’s reportable segments (see note 3). 
 
Sale of goods and provision of services 
 
 
  
3 months ended 31 December 2022 (unaudited) 
All figures in £000’s 
 Genetics  
 Advanced 
Nutrition  
  Health  
 Corporate  
 Inter-
segment 
sales  
 Total  
 Sale of goods  
21,121  
22,672  
7,449  
-  
-  
51,242  
 Provision of services  
317  
-  
2,936  
-  
-  
3,253  
 Inter-segment sales  
1  
8  
-  
1,437  
(1,446) 
-  
  
21,439  
22,680  
10,385  
1,437  
(1,446) 
54,495  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
3 months ended 31 December 2021 (unaudited) 
All figures in £000’s 
 Genetics  
 Advanced 
Nutrition  
  Health  
 Corporate  
 Inter-
segment 
sales  
 Total  
 Sale of goods  
14,509  
19,048  
3,251  
-  
-  
36,808  
 Provision of services  
680  
-  
2,526  
-  
-  
3,206  
 Inter-segment sales  
6  
11  
-  
1,406  
(1,423) 
-  
  
15,195  
19,059  
5,777  
1,406  
(1,423) 
40,014  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
12 months ended 30 September 2022 (audited) 
All figures in £000’s 
 Genetics  
 Advanced 
Nutrition  
  Health  
 Corporate  
 Inter-
segment 
sales  
 Total  
 Sale of goods  
53,978  
80,191  
13,528  
-  
-  
147,697  
 Provision of services  
3,973  
-  
6,607  
-  
-  
10,580  
 Inter-segment sales  
57  
95  
-  
5,120  
(5,272) 
-  
  
58,008  
80,286  
20,135  
5,120  
(5,272) 
158,277

--- Page 206 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Unaudited notes to the quarterly financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
4. 
Revenue (continued) 
 
Sale of goods and provision of services (continued) 
 
Primary geographical markets 
 
  
3 months ended 31 December 2022 (unaudited) 
All figures in £000’s 
 Genetics  
 Advanced 
Nutrition  
  Health  
 Corporate  
 Inter-
segment 
sales  
 Total  
 Norway  
16,884  
90  
8,295  
-  
-  
25,269  
 India  
-  
4,203  
-  
-  
-  
4,203  
 Singapore  
-  
39  
-  
-  
-  
39  
 Turkey  
6  
2,204  
-  
-  
-  
2,210  
 Ecuador  
20  
1,740  
-  
-  
-  
1,760  
 Greece  
-  
2,269  
-  
-  
-  
2,269  
 Faroe Islands  
1,095  
-  
229  
-  
-  
1,324  
 UK  
737  
19  
42  
-  
-  
798  
 Chile  
12  
2  
254  
-  
-  
268  
 Rest of Europe  
2,062  
1,622  
-  
-  
-  
3,684  
 Rest of World  
622  
10,484  
1,565  
-  
-  
12,671  
 Inter-segment sales  
1  
8  
-  
1,437  
(1,446) 
-  
  
21,439  
22,680  
10,385  
1,437  
(1,446) 
54,495  
  
3 months ended 31 December 2021 (unaudited) 
All figures in £000’s 
 Genetics  
 Advanced 
Nutrition  
  Health  
 Corporate  
 Inter-
segment 
sales  
 Total  
 Norway  
9,679  
112  
4,668  
-  
-  
14,459  
 India  
140  
4,008  
-  
-  
-  
4,148  
 Singapore  
-  
1,138  
-  
-  
-  
1,138  
 Turkey  
-  
1,694  
-  
-  
-  
1,694  
 Ecuador  
-  
1,064  
-  
-  
-  
1,064  
 Greece  
-  
1,639  
-  
-  
-  
1,639  
 Faroe Islands  
892  
1  
130  
-  
-  
1,023  
 UK  
1,957  
14  
88  
-  
-  
2,059  
 Chile  
116  
-  
403  
-  
-  
519  
 Rest of Europe  
1,771  
1,303  
-  
-  
-  
3,074  
 Rest of World  
634  
8,075  
488  
-  
-  
9,197  
 Inter-segment sales  
6  
11  
-  
1,406  
(1,423) 
-  
  
15,195  
19,059  
5,777  
1,406  
(1,423) 
40,014

--- Page 207 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Unaudited notes to the quarterly financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
4. 
 Revenue (continued) 
 
Primary geographical markets (continued) 
 
  
12 months ended 30 September 2022 (audited) 
All figures in £000’s 
 Genetics  
 Advanced 
Nutrition  
  Health  
 Corporate  
 Inter-
segment 
sales  
 Total  
 Norway  
34,666  
965  
15,571  
-  
-  
51,202  
 India  
619  
12,001  
-  
-  
-  
12,620  
 Singapore  
-  
7,044  
-  
-  
-  
7,044  
 Turkey  
-  
6,419  
-  
-  
-  
6,419  
 Ecuador  
18  
6,472  
-  
-  
-  
6,490  
 Greece  
2  
6,197  
-  
-  
-  
6,199  
 Faroe Islands  
5,465  
9  
587  
-  
-  
6,061  
 UK  
4,318  
93  
199  
-  
-  
4,610  
 Chile  
1,006  
15  
871  
-  
-  
1,892  
 Rest of Europe  
7,110  
4,056  
-  
-  
-  
11,166  
 Rest of World  
4,747  
36,920  
2,907  
-  
-  
44,574  
 Inter-segment sales  
57  
95  
-  
5,120  
(5,272) 
-  
  
58,008  
80,286  
20,135  
5,120  
(5,272) 
158,277  
 
5. 
Exceptional items 
 
Items that are material because of their size or nature, non-recurring and whose significance is sufficient to warrant separate disclosure 
and identification within the consolidated financial statements are referred to as exceptional items. The separate reporting of 
exceptional items helps to provide an understanding of the Group’s underlying performance. 
 
All figures in £000’s 
  
Q1 2023 
(unaudited) 
Q1 2022 
(unaudited) 
FY 2022 
(audited) 
 Exceptional restructuring costs  
948 
 -  
1,229  
 Costs/(credit) in relation to disposals  
24  
 -  
(1,245) 
Total exceptional items 
  
972 
-  
(16) 
 
Exceptional restructuring costs include £863,000 of legal and professional costs in relation to preparing for listing the Group on the Oslo 
stock exchange, and £85,000 relating to other restructuring costs. The comparative figure for FY 2022 figure includes £843,000 of legal 
and professional costs in relation to preparing for listing the Group on the Oslo stock exchange, and £276,000 relating to other 
restructuring costs. 
 
Costs in relation to disposals totaling £24,000 are additional costs relating to disposals that occurred in 2020. The comparative figure for 
FY 2022 figure includes a credit of £1,203,000 in relation to additional contingent consideration received and receivable from disposals 
in previous years (£294,000 relating to the disposal of Aquaculture UK on 7 February 2020, and £909,000 relating to the disposal of 
Improve International Limited and its subsidiaries on 23 June 2020) together with legal fees, lease costs and disposal items (net of 
proceeds received) totalling £42,000 relating to additional costs and disposals proceeds relating to disposals that occurred in 2020.

--- Page 208 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Unaudited notes to the quarterly financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
6. 
Taxation 
 
All figures in £000's 
  
Q1 2023 
(unaudited) 
Q1 2022 
(unaudited) 
FY 2022 
(audited) 
Analysis of charge in period 
Current tax: 
Current income tax expense on profits for the period 
1,838  
2,359  
11,727  
Adjustment in respect of prior periods 
  
-  
5  
(39) 
Total current tax charge 
  
1,838  
2,364  
11,688  
Deferred tax: 
Origination and reversal of temporary differences  
(1,059) 
(937) 
(4,414) 
Deferred tax movements in respect of prior periods 
  
-  
-  
-  
Total deferred tax credit 
(1,059) 
(937) 
(4,414) 
  
  
  
  
-  
Total tax charge 
  
779  
1,427  
7,274  
 
7. 
Loss per share 
 
Basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company by the weighted average 
number of ordinary shares in issue during the period. 
  
Q1 2023 
(unaudited) 
Q1 2022 
(unaudited) 
FY 2022 
(audited) 
Loss attributable to equity holders of the parent (£000) 
(1,283) 
(5,357) 
(32,087) 
Weighted average number of shares in issue (thousands) 
710,087  
681,271  
698,233  
Basic loss per share (pence) 
(0.18) 
(0.79) 
(4.60) 
 
 
Diluted loss per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to assume conversion of all 
dilutive potential ordinary shares. This is done by calculating the number of shares that could have been acquired at fair value (determined 
as the average market price of the Company’s shares for the period) based on the monetary value of the subscription rights attached to 
outstanding share options and warrants. The number of shares calculated above is compared with the number of shares that would have 
been issued assuming the exercise of the share options and warrants. 
 
 
Therefore, the Company is required to adjust the earnings per share calculation in relation to the share options that are in issue under 
the Company’s share-based incentive schemes, and outstanding warrants. However, as any potential ordinary shares would be anti-
dilutive due to losses being made there is no difference between Basic loss per share and Diluted loss per share for any of the periods 
being reported. 
 
A total of 4,053,469 potential ordinary shares have not been included within the calculation of statutory diluted loss per share for the 
year (30 September 2022: 6,240,304 and 31 December 2021: 5,782,581). These potential ordinary shares could dilute earnings/loss per 
share in the future.

--- Page 209 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Unaudited notes to the quarterly financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
8. 
Loans and borrowings 
 
 
All figures in £000's 
Q1 2023 
(unaudited) 
Q1 2022 
(unaudited) 
FY 2022 
(audited) 
Non-Current 
 
 
 
2025 750m NOK Loan notes 
61,866  
-  
61,054  
2023 850m NOK Loan notes 
-  
75,592  
-  
Bank borrowings 
17,201  
18,578  
17,226  
Lease liabilities  
8,891  
15,949  
14,765  
  
87,958  
110,119  
93,045  
Current 
 
 
 
Bank borrowings 
1,603  
1,592  
5,569  
Lease liabilities  
14,624  
5,280  
11,522  
  
16,227  
6,872  
17,091  
Total loans and borrowings 
104,185  
116,991  
110,136  
 
On 27 September 2022, the Group successfully issued a new unsecured floating rate listed green bond of NOK 750m. The bond which matures 
in September 2025, has a coupon of three-month NIBOR + 6.50% p.a. with quarterly interest payments, and is to be listed on the Oslo Stock 
Exchange. The proceeds were used to repay its existing NOK 850m floating rate listed bond, originally raised in June 2019. 
 
On 21 November 2022, the Group refinanced its USD15m RCF, which was provided by DNB Bank ASA (50%) and HSBC UK Bank PLC (50%), 
with a secured GBP20m RCF provided by DNB Bank ASA, maturing on 27 June 2025. The margin on this facility is a minimum of 2.75% and a 
maximum of 3.25%, dependent upon the leverage of the Group above the relevant risk free reference or IBOR rates depending on which 
currency is drawn.  The facility was undrawn at 31 December 2022. 
 
Additionally, during the period, on 1 November 2022, the Group’s Nordea Bank term loan of NOK 165.6m, which had a term loan of five years 
ending in November 2023 and interest rate of 2.5% above three month NIBOR, was refinanced together with an existing undrawn overdraft 
facility into a new loan facility of NOK 179.5m with a new maturity date in a further five years no later than 15 January 2028. Other terms of 
this facility remain the same.

--- Page 210 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Unaudited notes to the quarterly financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
9. 
Share capital and additional paid-in share capital  
 
Number 
Share 
Capital 
Additional 
paid-in 
share capital 
Allotted, called up and fully paid 
  
£000 
£000 
Ordinary shares of 0.1 pence each 
 
 
 
Balance at 30 September 2022 
703,960,798  
704  
420,824  
Shares issued through placing and open offer 
35,189,350  
35  
11,599  
Exercise of share options 
45,000  
-  
-  
Balance at 31 December 2022 
739,195,148  
739  
432,423  
 
On 15 December 2022, the Company issued 35,189,350 new ordinary shares of 0.1 pence each by way of a placing and subscriptions at 
an issue price of 37.0 pence per share. Gross proceeds of £13.0m were received for the placing and subscription shares. Non-recurring 
costs of £1.4m were in relation to the share issues and this has been charged to the share premium account (presented within additional 
paid-in share capital). 
 
 
10. Alternative performance measures and other metrics 
 
Management has presented the performance measures EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA before fair value movement in 
biological assets, Adjusted Operating Profit and Adjusted Profit Before Tax because it monitors performance at a consolidated level using 
these and believes that these measures are relevant to an understanding of the Group’s financial performance. 
Adjusted EBITDA which reflects underlying profitability, is earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation, impairment, and 
exceptional items and is shown on the Income Statement.  
Adjusted EBITDA before fair value movements in biological assets, which is Adjusted EBITDA before the non-cash fair value movements 
in biological assets arising from their revaluation in line with International Accounting Standards. 
Adjusted Operating Profit is operating loss before exceptional items and amortisation and impairment of intangible assets excluding 
development costs as reconciled below. 
Adjusted Profit Before Tax is earnings before tax, amortisation and impairment of intangibles assets excluding development costs, and 
exceptional items as reconciled below. These measures are not defined performance measures in IFRS. The Group’s definition of these 
measures may not be comparable with similarly titled performance measures and disclosures by other entities.

--- Page 211 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Unaudited notes to the quarterly financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
10.  Alternative performance measures and other metrics (continued) 
 
Reconciliation of Adjusted Operating Profit to Operating Loss 
 
All figures in £000's 
  
Q1 2023 
(unaudited) 
Q1 2022 
(unaudited) 
FY 2022 
(audited) 
Revenue 
 
54,495  
40,014  
158,277  
Cost of sales 
  
(30,268) 
(20,515) 
(75,149) 
Gross profit 
 
24,227  
19,499  
83,128  
Research and development costs 
 
(1,563) 
(1,647) 
(6,691) 
Other operating costs 
 
(11,753) 
(9,923) 
(44,661) 
Depreciation and impairment 
 
(4,615) 
(4,495) 
(19,897) 
Amortisation of capitalised development costs 
 
(617) 
(448) 
(2,165) 
Share of loss of equity accounted investees net of tax 
  
56  
(504) 
(595) 
Adjusted operating profit 
 
5,735  
2,482  
9,119  
Exceptional items  
 
(972) 
-  
16  
Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets excluding 
development costs 
  
(4,885) 
(3,940) 
(16,996) 
Operating loss 
  
(122)  
(1,458) 
(7,861) 
 
 
Reconciliation of Loss Before Taxation to Adjusted Profit Before Tax 
All figures in £000’s 
  
Q1 2023 
(unaudited) 
Q1 2022 
(unaudited) 
FY 2022 
(audited) 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit/(loss) before taxation 
 
100 
(3,682) 
(23,177) 
Exceptional items  
 
972 
-  
(16) 
Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets excluding 
development costs 
  
4,885 
3,940  
16,996  
Adjusted profit before tax 
  
5,957 
258  
(6,197) 
 
 
Other Metrics 
 
All figures in £000's 
  
Q1 2023 
(unaudited) 
Q1 2022 
(unaudited) 
FY 2022 
(audited) 
Total R&D Investment 
 
Research and development costs 
 
1,563  
1,647  
6,691  
Internal capitalised development costs 
54  
627  
1,708  
Total R&D investment 
  
1,617  
2,274  
8,399  
 
 
All figures in £000's 
  
 Q1 2023 
(unaudited)  
 Q1 2022 
(unaudited)  
 FY 2022 
(audited)  
Adjusted EBITDA excluding fair value movement in biological assets 
 
Adjusted EBITDA 
 
10,967  
7,425  
31,181  
Exclude fair value movement 
1,154  
96  
(1,595) 
Adjusted EBITDA excluding fair value movement in biological assets 
  
12,121  
7,521  
29,586

--- Page 212 ---
Benchmark Holdings plc 
 
Unaudited notes to the quarterly financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2022 
 
 
10.  Alternative performance measures and other metrics (continued) 
 
Liquidity 
 
A key financial covenant is a minimum liquidity of £10m, defined as cash plus undrawn facilities. 
 
 
 
 
31 December 
2022 
All figures in £000's 
  
(unaudited) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
42,782  
Undrawn bank facility 
 
20,000  
  
  
62,782  
 
The undrawn bank facility relates to the RCF facility.  At 31 December 2022, £nil of the RCF was drawn (30 September 2022: £4m and 
31 December 2021: £nil), leaving £20m undrawn (30 September 2022: £9.4m and 31 December 2021: £11.1m).  
 
 
11. Net debt  
Net debt is cash and cash equivalents less loans and borrowings. 
 
 
 
 
31 December 
2022 
 
31 December 
2021 
 
30 September 
2022 
All figures in £000's 
  
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
(audited) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
 
42,782  
52,705  
36,399  
Loans and borrowings (excluding lease liabilities) – current 
 
(1,603) 
(1,592) 
(5,569) 
Loans and borrowings (excluding lease liabilities) – non-current 
 
(79,067) 
(94,170) 
(78,280) 
Net debt excluding lease liabilities 
  
(37,888) 
(43,057) 
(47,450) 
Lease liabilities – current 
(14,624) 
(5,280) 
(11,522) 
Lease liabilities – non-current 
  
(8,891) 
(15,949) 
(14,765) 
Net debt 
  
(61,403) 
(64,286) 
(73,737) 
 
12. Post balance sheet events 
 
On 15 February 2023, the Group purchased the minority interest’s shareholding of 14,981,272 shares in Benchmark Genetics Iceland HF 
for €9,000,000.  Following this acquisition, Benchmark Genetics Limited, a subsidiary of Benchmark Holdings PLC, now owns 100% of the 
share capital of Benchmark Genetics Iceland HF.